marseille prosecutor brice robin told cnn that `` so far no videos were used in the crash investigation '' . robin 's comments follow claims by two magazines , german daily bild and french paris match , of a cell phone video showing the harrowing final seconds from on board the plane . all 150 on board were killed .
palestinians signed the icc 's founding rome statute in january . they also accepted its jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed `` in the occupied palestinian territory , including east jerusalem , since june 13 , 2014 '' . israel and the united states , neither of which is an icc member , opposed the palestininian 's efforts to join the body .
amnesty international alleges in its annual report on the death penalty . report , `` death sentences and executions 2014 , '' cites the example of pakistan lifting a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians following the horrific attack on a school in peshawar in december . china is also mentioned , as having used death penalty as a tool in its `` strike hard '' campaign against terrorism in the restive far-western province of xinjiang .
in pakistan , the government lifted a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians in the wake of the taliban attack on a school in december . more than 60 people have been put to death since , and the government has threatened to send thousands more death row prisoners to the gallows . other countries made use of executions in similarly flawed attempts to address crime rates .
researchers re-examined archives of the red cross , the international training service and the bergen-belsen memorial . they concluded that anne and margot frank probably did not survive to march 1945 -- contradicting the date of death which had previously been determined by dutch authorities .
the student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs . officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved . last month a fraternity at the university of oklahoma had its charter removed after a video surfaced showing members using the n-word and referring to lynching .
schuller , also the founder of crystal cathedral megachurch , had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013 . he was born in a farmhouse without running water and longed to preach from his earliest days . in his autobiography , `` prayer : my soul 's adventure with god , '' he described standing alone by a river and picturing himself delivering sermons to a rapt congregation .
a stray pooch in washington state has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car . the dog managed to stagger to a nearby farm , dirt-covered and emaciated , where she was found by a worker who took her to a vet for help . the veterinary hospital 's good samaritan fund committee awarded some money to help pay for the dog 's treatment .
mohammad javad zarif has been u.s. secretary of state john kerry 's opposite number in securing a breakthrough in nuclear discussions that could lead to an end to sanctions against iran . he received a hero 's welcome as he arrived in iran on a sunny friday morning .
the april 1 edition of `` the price is right '' encountered not host drew carey but another familiar face in charge of the proceedings . instead , there was bob barker , who hosted the tv game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007 . despite being away from the show for most of the past eight years , barker did n't seem to miss a beat .
trey moses and ellie meredith could n't be more different . but all that changed thursday when trey asked ellie to be his prom date . trey made the prom-posal -lrb- yes , that 's what they are calling invites to prom these days -rrb- in the gym during ellie 's p.e. class .
andreas lubitz , the co-pilot of germanwings flight 9525 , is accused by authorities of deliberately crashing the plane in the french alps . he died in the crash along with 149 other crew and passengers . many comments posted on her facebook page blasted the former representative . some also accused her of taking desperate measures to stay in the public eye .
in 2014 , one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the california drought . prices rose last year for these items on your kitchen table : berries rose in price by about 80 cents a pound to $ 3.88 . though fruits and vegetable prices fell in february , overall prices are expected to rise this year because of inflation .
the company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues that divide conservatives and liberals . former minnesota gov. tim pawlenty , who famously called on the gop to `` be the party of sam 's club , not just the country club , '' said walmart 's actions `` foreshadow where the republican party will need to move '' .
one of the five had a heart-related issue on saturday and has been discharged . the others have gone home . they are clinicians for partners in health , a boston-based aid group . they all had contact with a colleague who was diagnosed with ebola in sierra leone in march , but none developed the deadly virus .
the coroner 's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of getty , grandson of oil tycoon j. paul getty . some medication had also been recovered from getty 's home , though investigators do n't know whether getty was taking it or what his medical history was .
a year ago bloomberg published a story with the following headline : mike pence , a koch favorite , mulls 2016 run for president . the story ticked off items on pence 's conservative things-to-do list while also noting his close ties to the koch brothers . now , pence is drawing huge heat for his controversial decision to sign a religious freedom law last week that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians .
tropical storm maysak gained super typhoon status saturday . it has since lost a lot of steam as it has spun west in the pacific ocean . it boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph -lrb- 115 kph -rrb- and gusts up to 90 mph as of 5 p.m. et saturday in and around the coastal town of aurora province .
louis jordan , 37 , had been drifting on the 35-foot pearson sailboat for more than two months since leaving conway , south carolina , to fish in the ocean . just a few days into his trip , a storm capsized his boat and broke his mast . eventually he was able to rig a makeshift mast and sail , but he could n't fix the boat right away .
walker 's death in november 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash was especially eerie given his rise to fame in the `` fast and furious '' film franchise . the release of `` furious 7 '' on friday offers the opportunity for fans to remember -- and possibly grieve again -- the man that so many have praised as one of the nicest guys in hollywood .
house speaker john boehner invited israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to preemptively blast it before congress . 47 senators sent a letter to the iranian leadership warning them away from a deal . the debate that has already begun since the announcement of the new framework will likely result in more heat than light .
the late whitney houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at super bowl xxv . in the early stages of the gulf war in 1991 , a patriotic america saluted her performance and president george h. w. bush called it `` disgraceful '' . there 's nothing quite like getting the presidential thumbs down .
yahya rashid , a uk national from northwest london , was detained at luton airport on tuesday after he arrived on a flight from istanbul . he 's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism . both charges relate to the period between november 1 and march 31 .
the total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds , and nasa says that makes it the shortest one of the century . parts of south america , india , china and russia also will be able to see the eclipse , but it wo n't be visible in greenland , iceland , europe , africa or the middle east .
the family-run restaurant finds itself at the center of the debate over the state 's religious freedom restoration act . the statement struck at the heart of fears by critics , who said the new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians . by the end of the week , they had donated more than $ 842,000 for the business .
louis jordan says he set off on his 35-foot sailboat from south carolina in late january . he bought time by rationing water , then everything -- his boat , his life -- turned upside down . he says he is ` utterly thankful ' not only did his boat capsize , but its mast broke .
women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men . a plan to allow `` women and families '' to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year . but it is n't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend . iran had been in the running to host the 2019 edition of soccer 's asian cup .
netanyahu said he sees better options than `` this bad deal or war '' . his comments come as democrats and republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift western sanctions on iran in exchange for the country dropping from 19,000 to 5,060 active centrifuges . one senate democrat said netanyahu needs to `` contain himself '' .
former heavyweight boxer mike tyson lived in a southington , ohio , mansion . the home featured an indoor swimming pool , a marble-and-gold jacuzzi and an entertainment room large enough for small concerts . the fury 325 can be found at carowinds amusement part in north carolina .
the vatican , holy week began with palm sunday and culminated in easter sunday mass with multiple celebrations in between to mark the final week of christ 's mortal life . by dying on good friday , christ atoned for the sins of others ; by rising from the grave on sunday , christ conquered death .
police in the indian city of malegaon are requiring identity cards for an unusual group of residents : cattle . following a recent state-wide ban on the sale and consumption of beef , authorities have asked residents to take a ` mugshot ' of their cattle . along with the photograph , the residents have to give information about their animal 's ` unique features ' such as the coloring and age of the cow .
fbi complaint cites numerous social media messages dating back to august 2013 that were sent by keonna thomas , 30 , also known as `` young lioness '' and `` fatayat al khilafah '' . one twitter message said , `` if we truly knew the realities ... we all would be rushing to join our brothers in the front lines pray allah accept us as shuhada -lsb- martyrs -rsb- '' . thomas purchased an electronic visa to turkey
lee kuan yew harangue was arrested and held pending bail sunday in singapore . his father has reportedly apologized for his son 's behavior , but the younger yee could face up to three years in jail . ngerng 's concern is with the lack of transparency in the management of the central provident fund , the government 's compulsory pension program .
robert lewis burns jr. , the original drummer in southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd , died friday night in a car crash , a georgia state patrol spokesman said . no other cars were involved in the crash , which occurred shortly before midnight . burns was part of the genre-defining band 's original lineup , which formed in jacksonville , florida , in 1965 .
avril lavigne went through a split from her husband , nickelback front man chad kroeger ? focus on the mystery intensified in december after a fan twitter account posted a direct message from lavigne when she solicited prayers . now the canadian singer has revealed to people magazine that she was bedridden for five months after contracting lyme disease .
fbi agents and task force officers were following 36-year-old kevone charleston of austell , georgia , as he pulled into a cvs pharmacy early saturday . when agents confronted him he got in his car and traveled about 75 yards as agents opened fire . one government vehicle sustained heavy damage to its front and side , and another government suv ended up on its side .
the ncaa is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former university of north carolina athletes . the lawsuit claimed the students did n't get an education because they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal in history . even with pages of online information about academic eligibility and accountability that it boasts of regularly .
large hadron collider , a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world , is ready for action following a two-year shutdown . after problems that delayed the restart in march , scientists at the european organization for nuclear research -lrb- cern -rrb- completed final tests . the lhc generates up to 600 million particles per second , with a beam circulating for 10 hours , traveling more than 10 billion kilometers .
the saudi-led coalition smashed parts of yemen 's defense ministry central command in the capital over the weekend . under the rain of coalition bombs , the houthis , who are shiites in a majority sunni country , still control sanaa . but the airstrikes have hurt them and destroyed a lot of infrastructure .
since the u.s. religious freedom restoration act became law in 1993 , 20 states have some version of the religious liberty law . nonetheless , claims under those state-level religious liberty provisions are `` exceedingly rare , '' and victories involved mostly religious minorities , not christian denominations . here are some of the more interesting cases arising from the federal and state laws .
somalia-based al-shabaab has been behind a string of recent attacks . cross-border raids into kenya by the group date back to 2011 . its origins lie in al-ittihadi -lrb- unity of islam -rrb- , one of several militant factions that emerged in the wake of the fall of siad barre in 1991 .
a connecticut juvenile court judge issued a written decision wednesday denying a motion to let the teen , identified in court documents as `` cassandra c. '' go home . the 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments . the judge also denied a motion for visitation .
mark ronson 's `` uptown funk ! '' is the longest-leading billboard hot 100 of the 2010s . it 's also just the 10th single in the hot 100 's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at no. 1 . newcomer natalie la rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit `` somebody , '' featuring jeremih .
thai flag carrier thai airways unveiled colorful new livery featuring jake , finn and the beloved princess bubblegum . the inaugural thai smile adventure time flight takes place on april 4 , heading from bangkok to phuket . the interior of the plane also has an adventure time theme , with overhead bins , head rests and even air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters .
the chilly continent recorded the temperature -lrb- 15.5 degrees celsius -rrb- on march 24 . the temperature was recorded at argentina 's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula . the world meteorological organization , a specialized united nations agency , is in the process of setting up an international ad-hoc committee of about 10 blue-ribbon climatologists .
kim ki-jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction , the seoul central district court official said . lippert was stabbed march 5 during an event organized by the korean council for reconciliation and cooperation , which advocates peaceful reunification between north and south korea .
president barack obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with iran even before he became the democratic candidate for president . but the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations , weakening america 's hand and strengthening iran . there is a reason one gets the feeling that it is the united states and not iran that is the more eager , even desperate , side in these talks , even though iran is the country whose economy was sent into a deep chill by international
deion sanders jr. reminded his son he has a trust fund , a condo and his own clothing line called `` well off '' . `` you 're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund . stop the hood stuff ! '' sanders followed it up with another tweet that included the hashtags #versacesheets #huxtable and #trustfund .
blue bell ice cream has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants over the discovery of listeria contamination in a serving of ice cream . the company is shutting down the broken arrow facility `` out of an abundance of caution '' to search for a possible cause of contamination . the bacteria was found in additional samples of the same product that were recovered from the hospital .
a former banker , 29-year-old briton rurik jutting , was charged with two counts of murder . on thursday , a court hearing that was to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until may . sumarti ningsih was killed on october 27 , five days before her body was found .
` furious 7 ' is opening around the globe this weekend and earned a record-breaking $ 60 million internationally on wednesday and thursday for a possible worldwide debut approaching or crossing $ 300 million by the end of easter sunday . domestically , it has booked more than 10,500 screens in 63 territories , although it wo n't open in china , japan and russia until later . the last film , `` fast & furious 6 , '' debuted to a franchise-best $ 117 million
the former army intelligence analyst is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents . in a series of tweets , the prisoner formerly known as bradley manning said she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets . she is not allowed internet access in prison , according to the guardian .
columbia journalism school professors concluded that `` the failure encompassed reporting , editing , editorial supervision and fact-checking '' . the magazine 's managing editor , will dana , wrote , `` we would like to apologize to our readers and to all of those who were damaged by our story and the ensuing fallout '' .
japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government 's top military official earnestly revealed that the country 's air self defense force -lrb- asdf -rrb- had never encountered an extraterrestrial flying object . responding to a query from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker antonio inoki , defense minister gen nakatani told the diet , japan 's parliament , that his jets had to date , never come across any
zulkifli bin hir was believed by the fbi to a member of southeast asian terror group jemaah islamiyah 's central command . fbi now says tests have confirmed that the dead man was the wanted islamic extremist . marwan had previously been falsely reported dead after a raid by philippine security forces in 2012 .
the government of shibuya ward , one of tokyo 's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts , passed ordinance on wednesday paving the way for `` partnership certificates '' for same-sex couples . other advantages that heterosexual married couples enjoy , such as joint filing of taxes , are controlled by the federal government and are outside the remit of individual municipalities .
the offbeat tv series featured a quirky fbi agent who went to the pacific northwest town of twin peaks to investigate the mysterious murder of a high school girl named laura palmer . lynch also wrote that he had personally called the actors over the weekend to let them know he would no longer be directing .
andrew harrison , who is black , said his words were `` in jest '' and that he meant no disrespect to kaminsky . kamaha , the 2015 associated press player of the year , said he was `` over it '' . kentucky vs. wisconsin nets biggest final four ratings in 22 years .
the plant , located in zhangzhou city , produces paraxylene -lrb- px -rrb- , a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics . the blast occurred at an oil storage facility monday night after an oil leak , though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill .
emergency responders were called last week to a rented villa at the sirenusa resort in st. john after the family of four fell ill . they had rented the villa from march 14 to march 22 and were later hospitalized . the use of the pesticide is restricted in the united states because of its acute toxicity .
rand paul , who today declared he 's running for president of the united states , is doing . his campaign team told reporters last week that his campaign announcement would be about `` expanding the republican party '' . but they ca n't actually appeal to the community unless they have a real commitment to the issues facing minority communities .
the united states department of justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs . a 15-count indictment filed in federal court in california bristles with accusations of conspiracies , transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions , violations of the controlled substances act , misbranding charges , and money laundering charges .
the `` end of an era , '' as its slogan has it , begins sunday . over the past eight years , the show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times has become part of the national fabric . don draper , the creative director played by jon hamm , has become a symbol of the times -- his and , sometimes , ours .
comedian chris rock made light of racial disparities in police treatment of whites and blacks with a tongue-in-cheek guide to not being beaten by the police . he encapsulated the frustration and grief caused by a new york grand jury 's decision not to indict a white police officer in the death of a black man with a simple tweet : `` this one was on film '' . now , he 's stirring things up again with a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks
mark wahlberg will star in a film about the boston marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed . the film , to be titled `` patriots ' day , '' is being produced by cbs films , which linked to the deadline article from its website . the movie will be told from davis ' point of view .
manuela arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game for a new hyundai sonata . `` congratulations ! manuela just gave you a car ! '' he exulted . on wednesday , former host bob barker , 91 , showed up to run his old show .
kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims . using the hashtag # 147notjustanumber , a reference to the number of people , mostly students , killed at garissa university college on thursday . the attack in kenya killed 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel .
the plane crashed march 24 in rugged terrain of the alps about 6 miles -lrb- 10 kilometers -rrb- from the town of seyne-les-alpes . investigators are not expected to return to the crash site , said capt. yves naffrechoux of the high mountain gendarmerie . the flight data recorder , or `` black box '' was found thursday by a member of the recovery team .
carlos colina , 32 , was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . police were notified saturday morning about a suspicious item along a walkway in cambridge . the remains at both locations belonged to the same victim , identified monday as jonathan camilien , 26 .
american jennifer stewart says she was devastated to learn that etihad airways lost her most important baggage following a recent trip from abu dhabi to new york city . felix went missing somewhere on the grounds of kennedy airport on april 1 . stewart said a cargo manager called the couple to an office and notified them that their cat 's carrier had been crushed .
` arrested development ' executive producer brian grazer said the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes . the fourth season was streamed exclusively on netflix in 2013 , after fox canceled the show several years before . despite critical acclaim , the series never had big ratings , but has a devoted fan base who often quote from the show .
christian calendar is unique on the christian calendar , a major point in the cycle of the religious year , and one that has always been able to resist the commercialization and culture warring that surrounds christmas . at a time when our culture is roiled by questions of identity and ethics -lrb- and tolerance -rrb- that have profound religious implications , it 's worth pausing to explore this crucial holiday -- and the awareness of the human condition , in all its sadness and glory
jesus tells the rich man in one of his best-known parables : `` sell all that you own and distribute the money to the poor , and you will have treasure in heaven '' . meanwhile , jesus told his twelve apostles to leave their day jobs and follow him on an itinerant mission with few prospects of success .
massachusetts is hosting two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory -- those of aaron hernandez and boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev . in louisville , kentucky , sen. rand paul made the not-so-surprising announcement that he will run for president , while in chicago , voters will head to the polls in a very surprising runoff between mayor rahm emanuel and challenger jesus `` chuy '' garcia
ted cruz drew large crowds during his two-day swing across the state . he 's counting on iowa , known for its vocal and active evangelical base , to propel him forward in what 's expected to be a tough competition among a crowded field of gop candidates . cruz , who announced his bid last month at the well-known baptist school liberty university , is aiming to energize that same base and claim the coveted state as his prize .
nina dobrev announced on tuesday she will be leaving the cw show at the end of this season . she posted on her social media accounts after a `` goodbye party '' at lake lanier outside atlanta , where the show is filmed . many fans were upset that the show 's producers allowed the show to go on to a seventh season this fall after she departs .
zhou yongkang , 72 , was also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets . he was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people . zhou was notified of his legal rights during the investigation and his lawyer 's views were heard .
indian education minister smriti irani was visiting a fabindia outlet in the tourist resort state of goa on friday when she discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room . four employees of the store have been arrested , but its manager -- herself a woman -- was still at large saturday , police said . state authorities launched their investigation right after irani levied her accusation .
the group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11 , with the youngest born in 2013 . it did n't say why the group allegedly was trying to get into syria , which has been torn by a roughly four-year war between syrian government forces and islamist extremist groups .
kayahan was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 , the year before he released the album that ignited his career . the singer , whose full name was kayahan acar , was born in izmir province , in western turkey on march 29 , 1949 . the following year he released an album titled `` i made a vow , '' which catapulted him to prominence .
` the submarine is in a dry dock , ' tass reports . the fire began on a sub in the zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern russia . the sub had been undergoing repairs since november 2013 . `` nuclear fuel from the sub 's reactor has been unloaded , '' tass said .
mexican state oil company pemex said 45 workers were injured in the blaze , which began early wednesday morning . authorities evacuated about 300 people from the abkatun permanente platform after the fire started . the company denied rumors that the platform had collapsed and said there was no oil spill as a result .
a french-language global television network regained control of one of its 11 channels thursday after a cyberattack . tv5monde was gradually regaining control of its channels and social media outlets after suffering what the network 's director called an `` extremely powerful cyberattack '' . on a mobile site , which was still active , the network said it was `` hacked by an islamist group '' .
a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general 's office in balkh province , northern afghanistan , according to a press release . although most staff members and civilians have been rescued , an exchange of fire between afghan security forces and the assailants is ongoing . the assailants are ongoing , the statement says .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was found guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the boston marathon bombing trial . seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty . the trial will next move into a penalty phase , where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides .
the blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the general electric appliance park in louisville , according to the city 's emergency management agency . firefighters took up positions around the affected buildings , spraying water from the periphery . the park is large , such that 34 football fields could fit in one of its warehouses .
president barack obama 's administration said thursday that washington is `` not putting a timeframe on '' a possible invasion . mosul has long been the big prize in the iraqi government 's fight -- aided by a u.s.-led military coalition , which has carried out airstrikes to defeat isis . in fact , officials insist that isis has been degraded substantially thanks to a combination of air power and ground combat .
the california public utilities commission said it is ordering pacific gas & electric co. to pay a record $ 1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system . most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety . another $ 50 million will go toward `` other remedies to enhance pipeline safety , '' according to the commission .
eight tornadoes were reported wednesday in oklahoma , kansas and missouri . it could have been worse as severe tornado damage dotted a path not far from the dense populations of chicago and rockford . the tornado cut a 22-mile path through ogle county , the state 's third largest city .
a bystander 's cell phone video shows the five-year police veteran shooting at scott eight times as scott runs away . if words were exchanged between the men , they 're not audible on the tape . it 's unclear what happened before scott ran , or why he ran .
police in lucknow , northern india , are putting aside their batons in favor of an overhead solution to angry and unruly crowds . the miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray ; each drone costs between $ 9,560 and $ 19,300 . views on the new measure are mixed , with some concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech .
a female employee accused xavier morales of assault after he made sexual advances at her , according to the washington post . during the incident , he `` grabbed her arms when she resisted '' and the two tussled until morales gave up , sources said . morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended .
richard dysart , 86 , died sunday at home in santa monica after a long illness . dysart was nominated for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years . he also played coach in the original 1972 broadway production of jason miller 's `` that championship season '' .
mindy kaling from fox 's cult hit comedy `` the mindy project '' plays mindy lahiri , a perky , quirky ob/gyn juggling her career and love life in new york . the show was a breakthrough for on-screen representation -- the first network sitcom created by and starring a woman of color . recently , kaling 's brother vijay chokalingam unveiled a project of his own , and while it has been getting a lot of attention , it
don mclean 's `` american pie '' sold the 16-page manuscript on tuesday . mclean was a paperboy when , on february 3 , 1959 , he saw that buddy holly , ritchie valens and j.p. `` the big bopper '' richardson had been tragically killed in an airplane crash in iowa .
anthony ray hinton , 58 , was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two birmingham-area , fast-food restaurant managers , john davidson and thomas wayne vason . hinton was 29 at the time of the killings and had always maintained his innocence , said the equal justice initiative , a group that helped win his release .
april 8 was also `` rex manning day '' . the movie -- also starring liv tyler , anthony lapaglia and renée zellweger -- centers on an independent record store in delaware where , on april 8 , former pop idol manning is scheduled to make an in-store appearance .
mary kay letourneau fuala was a married 34-year-old teacher and mother of four in seattle in 1996 . she gave birth to her young lover 's child and went on to serve more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship . on friday , abc 's `` 20/20 '' will air an exclusive interview with the couple , who will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on may 20 .
the band will also perform two shows in pero 's honor : one at las vegas ' hard rock hotel and the other at the starland ballroom in sayreville , new jersey . twisted sister singer dee snider posted on facebook that the band will play with a new drummer , mike portnoy of adrenaline mob .
the critically-panned film , which opened last year 's cannes film festival , will premiere on lifetime on memorial day , may 25 . after the movie performed poorly in its international engagements , the weinstein co. decided to sell it directly to lifetime rather than book it into u.s. theaters .
the lyrics to the famed don mclean song sold for $ 1.2 million tuesday morning at an auction held by christie 's . `` i 'm going to be 70 this year , '' the singer and songwriter said in a statement . mclean has said that the opening lines were inspired by the death of buddy holly , but after that , it 's all been conjecture .
the photographer , daniel ramos , had filed the civil suit against west after the hip-hop star attacked him and tried to wrestle his camera from him in july 2013 . west pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle . a judge sentenced him to two years ' probation , as well as anger management sessions and community service . the case had been set for trial next week , but allred issued a statement tuesday night saying ramos ' side had filed a
john travolta , one of the church of scientology 's most high-profile members , is premiering his new film , `` going clear : scientology , hollywood , and the prison of belief '' . he said he believed the doc was a result of `` people who were disgruntled with their experiences '' with the church .
king 's dehydration was caused by his type ii diabetes , but he `` is much better , '' his daughter , claudette king , told the los angeles times . no more information on king 's condition or where he was hospitalized was immediately available . king , 89 , has used various models of gibson guitars over the years , and named each one of them lucille .
in court last month , she testified that one of the blasts on that day in 2013 left her lying in the street , staring at her own bones . now , jurors have found him guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the deadly bombings and their aftermath . gregory , who wrote a widely publicized letter to tsarnaev after testifying , said the trial has left her and other victims reeling from a flood of emotions .
bi fujian , who works for state-run china central television , was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the communist party 's early years . the 75-second video clip , seemingly filmed on the cellphone of another dinner guest , was uploaded on monday . bi later apologized .
storm moved to the northeast , missing the city , but posing potential risks to other communities . other reports of tornadoes came in from southwestern kansas . the national weather service indicated a tornado may have touched down in the small town of potosi , missouri , about 70 miles from st. louis .
katie , a giraffe at the dallas zoo , gave birth to a not-so-little baby early friday evening . there was no immediate word on the newborn 's gender or condition . the newcomer 's debut was a long time coming , especially when you count for katie 's 15-month gestation period .
the fourth season of `` game of thrones '' saw massive battles , major deaths -lrb- tywin ! -rrb- and white walkers , but what can fans expect sunday as we head into a fifth season of one of the most popular shows in hbo history ? it 's the most high-profile premiere yet , airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time .
leaders of 35 countries have met every three years to discuss economic , social or political issues since the creation of the summit in 1994 . cuba has historically been the wrench in the diplomatic machinery , with some latin american leaders threatening not to attend the summit of the americas if the united states and canada did n't agree to invite president raul castro . the tide changed december 17 , 2014 , when president obama and castro announced that more than five decades of cold war rivalry
the `` framework '' announced last week looks like a win-win : he gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure , and in return gets billions of dollars in sanctions relief . but the framework concedes that iran can maintain a `` mutually defined enrichment program '' , '' operate thousands of centrifuges , and continue to see your economy collapse .
martin o'malley and jim webb shared a stage at the polk county democrats awards dinner in des moines , iowa , on friday night . but as was evident at the dinner , that is where the similarities end . webb , on the contrary , is a decorated vietnam war veteran and former senator from virginia who comes across as more stoic and , at times , uncomfortable with retail politics .
walter scott was fatally shot in the back by a police officer in summerville , south carolina . the flag-draped casket of the u.s. coast guard veteran was wheeled inside the church as scott 's relatives and friends followed . the head of the church , george hamilton , said god had selected his brother as a candidate for change in america .
the suspect 's vehicle was spotted outside the census bureau , which is in suitland , maryland . a guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing . the guard was then shot at least once in the upper body , police chief cathy lanier said . the suspect then fled the scene .
the incident took place as the u.s. and other world powers meet with iran in switzerland to negotiate a deal limiting tehran 's nuclear program . the navy mh-60r armed helicopter was flying from the deck of the uss carl vinson on a routine patrol in international airspace . the iranian aircraft made two passes at the helicopter , coming within 50 yards , before the helicopter moved off , the official said .
liana barrientos , now 39 , is facing two criminal counts of `` offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree '' . in an application for a marriage license , she stated it was her `` first and only '' marriage . in 2010 , she married once more , this time in the bronx .
a photo of a cat coming down some stairs has caught fire on social media . the picture was apparently uploaded on imgur a few days ago . some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat . others are commenting about the construction of the stairs . there are advertisers waiting to take advantage of the situation .
the 57-year-old 's brother , jimmy , died of cancer at the age of 25 . he still argues against things i passionately support , but i find myself -- like many lapsed catholics enthralled . i 'd never ask god for anything -- a lifelong catholic -- so why would he ?
the taliban 's `` cultural commission '' released the 11-page document in several different translations on the movement 's website , ostensibly to commemorate the 19th anniversary of an april 4 , 1996 , meeting in afghanistan 's kandahar province . several afghan observers say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of omar 's demise .
amnesty international report calls for authorities to address number of attacks on women 's rights activists in afghanistan . accused of burning pages from the muslim holy book , the quran , many protested the 27-year-old 's innocence . latest figures suggest they were risking their lives to be heard .
the 40-year-old rapper from st. louis , who shot to fame 15 years ago with the track `` country grammar , '' has been charged with felony possession of drugs , simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia . the trooper was about to conduct an inspection of the bus , a prevost motor coach , when he `` noticed an odor of marijuana emitting from the vehicle '' . the search also turned up several handguns and 100 small ziploc bags , which the statement said
the collection of the first six `` star wars '' movies will also include many special features . one focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies , including that of the insect-like geonosians . in the exclusive first-look video , sound designer ben burtt explains which animals were used to capture the alien sounds .
hillary clinton has been through some of the roughest partisan wars and emerged stronger than ever before . she is a hardened , tough partisan who will not shy away from republican attack . if hillary clinton puts together an effective campaign , she could be unbeatable in the democratic primaries as well as in the general election .
former governor martin o'malley told reporters in iowa on friday that inevitability is not unbreakable . `` history is full of examples where the inevitable frontrunner was inevitable right up until she was no longer inevitable , '' he said . clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to barack obama .
ramalinga raju , the former chairman of software services exporter satyam computers services , was also fined $ 804,000 , r.k. gaur , a spokesman for india 's central bureau of investigation said . investigators say losses to investors resulting from the company 's book manipulation were much higher .
photographer johan bavman took more than a passing wonder about how his native sweden is said to be the most generous nation on earth for parental leave . he used his photography to document the real-life experience of other fathers taking full advantage of sweden 's extraordinary program , which allows mothers and fathers to take long , long leaves from their careers so they can care for their newborns . the remaining 90 days are paid at a flat-rate benefit of 20 euros a day , or
craig hicks , 46 , was arrested february 10 in the deaths of three muslim college students in chapel hill , north carolina . the next week , he was indicted on three counts of first-degree murder and a count of discharging a firearm into an occupied dwelling . the victims ' family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crime .
the network released a teaser video for season 2 of the critically acclaimed show , and it looks intense . colin farrell , vince vaughn , rachel mcadams and taylor kitsch star in the new season . here 's the plot synopsis , according to den of geek : `` a bizarre murder brings together three law-enforcement officers and a career criminal '' .
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of umix , a series of social events the university stages for students . bradley cooper was nominated for an oscar for his portrayal of chris kyle , a navy seal and the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history . there was a backlash to the decision to yank the movie , and a counter-petition asked school officials to reconsider .
lauren hill took her inspirational fight against brain cancer onto the basketball court and into the hearts of many , has died at age 19 . the indiana woman 's story became known around the world last year when she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball . mount st. joseph university in cincinnati successfully petitioned the ncaa to move up the opening game of its schedule to accommodate her desire to play .
carlos colina , 32 , will be arraigned the morning of april 14 for murder in connection with the remains discovered saturday in cambridge . earlier this week , colina was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . the victim in that case is different from the one whose remains were found in recent days .
chris copeland of the indiana pacers was stabbed after leaving a trendy new york nightclub early wednesday . two atlanta hawks -- who had just finished a home game hours before the incident -- were among those arrested . the hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident , police said , but were arrested on obstruction and other charges later .
ryan gosling 's first feature as director has been divisive to put it mildly . but there has been one shining light cutting through the fog of critical hyperbole : its setting , a besmirched and decaying detroit . the actor said that `` lost river '' began as a collection of speculative shots of the brewster-douglass projects , the first black social housing development in america .
elizabeth sedway was in hawaii in time to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary . an airline employee asked her how she was doing and her removal from the plane was followed by a call to a doctor . the alaska airlines spokeswoman acknowledged that the carrier 's policy when someone has a medical issue is to call medlink .
hernandez , 25 , is on trial for the shooting death of semi-pro player odin lloyd . now that the defense has rested , it wo n't be long before the jury begins deliberating . much of the evidence in the former new england patriots ' case is circumstantial .
adelma cifuentes was raped by her husband for 12 years in guatemala . she thought there was no way out . but the abuse did n't stop there . in 2012 a small arms survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels . two women are killed there every day .
robert durst , 71 , is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver , which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month . he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge , according to the indictment . the charge is the latest in a litany of accusations .
the department of justice -lrb- doj -rrb- will begin to negotiate in earnest with the city to restructure the police department . in the next few weeks the department has charged with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination . it should not be forgotten that the doj review of the ferguson police department was precipitated by months of protests and activism following the killing of michael brown .
steve esmond , his teenage sons and the teens ' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in st. john , delaware . the boys ' mother , theresa devine , was treated at a hospital and released , and is in occupational therapy . the family has confidence in their medical professionals and is hopeful for a full recovery .
oliver minatel , 22 , said he was sleeping on air canada flight 8623 from toronto when he felt something around his neck . the incident occurred about a half-hour before the flight landed , after the pilots had begun their descent . minatel was not restrained for the rest of the trip , but the flight crew told him to stay seated with his seat belt on .
the virginia attorney general asked the law firm of o'melveny & myers to take a look at how the university historically handled allegations of sexual assault by its students . the magazine called `` jackie , '' especially since the school knew about the allegations for more than a year before the article came out . in both cases , police said jackie refused to cooperate and so they could not pursue the case .
tiger woods showed touches of his old class mixed with the ragged unpredictability that has marked his new game to finish six under too . as did a late justin rose surge , where he fired four birdies in a row to finish twelve under and in second place . spieth 's 15 birdies are just 10 away from phil mickelson 's masters mark set in 2001 .
the entire `` star wars '' saga -lrb- so far , anyway -rrb- would be released on digital hd at the end of the week . mindy kaling 's brother : i faked being black to get into medical school . joel burger is set to marry ashley king in july .
7-eleven is hosting the first bring-your-own-cup slurpee day at u.s. stores from 11 a.m. to 7pm saturday . this shot at brain freeze is n't free , but customers at participating stores can fill their `` cup '' of choice for $ 1.49 .
the graffiti , written in a french chalk quarry and dating back almost 100 years , is plain and stark . `` hj leach . merely a private . 13/7/16 . sa australia , '' reads one inscription . they were found underneath battlefields near naours , france , about 120 miles north of paris .
lorenzo lynch , 82 , is currently the u.s. attorney for the eastern district of new york . she cleared the committee february 26 by a vote of 12-8 , with republican sens. orrin hatch of utah , lindsey graham of arizona joining democrats . lynch 's family moved to the city when she was a child .
the crash took place sunday at the exotic driving experience , which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack . the driver of the lamborghini , 36-year-old gary terry of davenport , florida , died at the scene . petty holdings also operates the richard petty driving experience .
this year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun , 51 pegasi . since then , ground-based surveys and nasa 's kepler satellite have discovered nearly 2,000 confirmed `` exoplanets '' . many of these planetary systems are quite unlike our own solar system . but smaller rocky planets like earth , though harder to find , appear to be even more abundant .
last weekend 's raid in the heart of the city 's jewelry district feels like it has been taken from a movie like `` ocean 11 '' given its daring and planning . in the uk burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people , people who would otherwise have blue collar jobs .
the yarmouk refugee camp has been engulfed in fighting between the syrian government and armed groups since december 2012 . the u.n. relief agency estimates that there were 160,000 people in the camp when the conflict began in 2011 between forces loyal to president bashar al-assad and opposition fighters .
the tribute to paul walker was just one of a flood of messages on social media from people who said they got choked up during scenes featuring walker , who died at 40 in a car crash in november 2013 . to finish walker 's scenes , the makers of the movie used body doubles , computer-generated images and even the actor 's brothers . but they felt that killing him off might appear exploitative .
a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook . the law of service of process has evolved this way : the ideal and fairest way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant in person . this means defendants have an incentive to go `` off the grid '' .
the stars have teamed together for a video backing the show 's co-creator with a #savetwinpeaks campaign that says doing the revival without lynch is `` like pies without cherries '' . sherilyn fenn , sheryl lee , james marshall , peggy lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video .
the technology is being handled by acrovirt llc , a nevada-based tech company . selena will be the first figure to use the technology . her facebook page recording 2 million likes and fans continuing to post videos and tributes . the one `` will release new songs and videos '' .
of the ship 's 2,117 passengers , 95 have suffered from vomiting , diarrhea and other symptoms , the cdc said . the illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew . the infinity left san diego on march 29 . the ship was built in 2001 and refurbished in 2011 .
the women were among detained on march 6 and march 7 in three chinese cities -- beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou . the five were initially held on suspicion of `` picking quarrels and provoking trouble '' . amnesty international said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum jail term of five years .
daniel boykin , 33 , entered the woman 's home multiple times , where he took videos , photos and other data . police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on boykin 's phone and computer . boykin plead guilty to unlawful photography , aggravated burglary and violation of the computer act .
a section of a fiberglass boat 20 or 30 feet long was spotted off the state 's coast this week and has been towed into harbor . the debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit japan on march 11 , 2011 . inside were found -- more than four years and 4,000 miles later , if officials ' suspicions are correct .
cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries to insist on their attendance at the summit of the americas . for the first time since 1962 , the u.s. has not blocked cuba 's attempt to join . now it 's time to see how they play and who they play with -- especially venezuela , which often falls out with washington for crushing dissent at home and supplying havana with billions of dollars in oil .
isis said it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday . by sunday , isis said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings , but iraqi security officials denied that claim . if an attack damaged oil fields or machinery , it could have a significant impact .
ryan calhoun and delonte martistee were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators . the troy , alabama , police department found video of what appeared to be a panama city gang rape during the course of an investigation into an unrelated shooting . the video was turned over to the bay county sheriff 's office .
alaska airlines flight 448 was just barely on its way to los angeles from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon . the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold . it appears he was never in any danger . the plane was also only in the air for 14 minutes .
the hooded angel with black wings appeared on tuesday near the spot where walter scott was shot and killed by a white police officer on saturday . since then , it 's been taken up as an icon of the black lives matter movement . creator phillip hyman now lives in another part of the city and could n't stop thinking about it .
a u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su-27 flanker . the pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland . russian state news agency sputnik reported the plane was flying toward the russian border with its transponder switched off .
a 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of philadelphia 's cobbs creek park with only a blanket and a bible . the person responsible is the man 's mother , who on sunday faced a host of charges after allegedly abandoning her son and catching a bus to maryland to see her boyfriend . low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week , and rain was reported in the area wednesday and thursday .
president obama said he understands and respects netanyahu 's stance that israel is particularly vulnerable and does n't `` have the luxury of testing these propositions '' in the deal . tehran agreed to halt the country 's nuclear ambitions , and in exchange , western powers would drop sanctions that have hurt the iran 's economy .
the girls were abducted on the night of april 14-15 , 2014 , in the town of chibok , in northeastern nigeria , about a two-hour drive from the border with cameroon . the government girls secondary school had been closed for a month because of the danger posed by boko haram militants , who are opposed to western education .
nyia parler can not be extradited to face the charges in philadelphia until she completes an unspecified `` treatment '' . when she does arrive , she will be charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , recklessly endangering another person and related offenses . parler left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in maryland .
the law , signed by kansas gov. sam brownback on tuesday , bans what it describes as `` knowingly dismembering a living unborn child and extracting such unborn child one piece at a time from the uterus '' . supporters of the measure described it as a groundbreaking step , while opponents warned it was dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country . the law does not spell out a specific time frame that limits when an abortion can occur , but it bans the dilation and evacuation
nyia parler , 41 , left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in maryland . a man walking through the woods found him friday `` lying in leaves , covered in a bible and a wheelchair nearby , '' philadelphia police say . if she chooses not to challenge her extradition , she will be transported to philadelphia once the treatment is complete .
chinese-born jia jiang put himself up to when he decided to blog about `` 100 days of rejection '' . the project he launched after he quit his six-figure job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur at the age of 30 . after his tech start-up was declined investment , jiang decided to confront his fear of rejection head-on .
more than 25,000 people , a population about the size of key west , florida , have fought ebola infections . but for those who have survived , life will never be the same . while the intensity of the largest ebola epidemic in history has died down , dozens are still newly infected each week .
jill -lrb- duggar -rrb- dillard gave birth monday to a 9-pound , 10-ounce son she and husband derick have named israel david . the baby was a bit tardy , going past his due date by more than a week . dillard , who is a student midwife , said she gave herself two due dates and was prepared for the wait .
cnn situation room correspondent brian todd and photojournalist khalil abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on l street nw . they happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir . a man gave up his umbrella for the cause `` while the mom was going crazy '' .
ron lane , whom officials said was a longtime employee and the school 's print shop operator -- was white , as is the suspect . the suspect , kenneth morgan stancil iii , worked with lane as part of a work-study program , but was let go in early march due to poor attendance . on monday he walked into the print shop on the third floor of a campus building , aimed a pistol-grip shotgun and fired once , killing lane , according to sutton
former australia cricket captain richie benaud has died at the age of 84 . benaud was inducted into the sport australian hall of fame in 1985 . he was equally revered by the cricketing public on the other side of the world where he spent more than four decades with the bbc .
cape verde has long been a mesh of cultures , history and races . the former portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade . now , cape verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of this rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish .
the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of libya , the italian coast guard said saturday via twitter . in the first three months of 2015 , italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving , the international organization for migration said . most of the migrants are asylum seekers , victims of trafficking or violence , unaccompanied children and pregnant women .
new research indicates that `` double falsehood , '' a play first published in 1728 by lewis theobald , was actually written more than a century earlier by shakespeare himself with help from his friend john fletcher . the findings were published this week by two scholars who used computer software to analyze the writings of the three men and compare it with the language of the `` newer '' play .
the government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to al-shabaab , the militant group that claimed responsibility for the thursday attack . so far , the government has frozen 86 accounts , but that number could go up . of the fatalities , 142 were students at the university , and the rest were security forces and campus security .
irish betting company paddy power is backtracking after tweeting that `` newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american male '' . the tweet , a pun on the name of the famous home end at liverpool football club , alluded to recent controversial incidents in the united states in which unarmed afamerican men have been killed by police .
malala yousafzai was gravely wounded by a pakistani taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls ' to go to school . after reading her story , scientist amy mainzer , who also consults for pbs on a children 's educational science show , decided malala deserved to be immortalized .
wu rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on international women 's day against sexual harassment in china . since then , the chinese authorities have formally detained her and four other activists for `` creating disturbances '' . the fate of the five will be revealed by april 13 .
arizona judge sherry stephens could have sentenced arias to life with the possibility of early release after 25 years . before her sentence was handed down , alexander expressed remorse for her actions . a new jury was empanelled in october 2014 to decide whether she should live or die .
attorney general eric holder wrote a memo to all personnel in the department he heads . holder does n't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution in his memo . the directive comes a few weeks after a justice department inspector general report found dea agents in foreign postings attended sex parties with prostitutes paid for by drug cartels .
hillary clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the united states . a win would mean a woman in the white house , which is a vital step in the march toward women 's full political inclusion . women will continue to be less likely than men to consider running for office and pay inequities , sexual assault and human trafficking .
a bystander had the courage and presence of mind to record the shocking video that shows a white police officer , michael slager , gunning down and killing an apparently unarmed black man named walter scott . but the event raises broad , troubling questions about how often such incidents take place without the benefit of a third-party recording . the law has never truly been implemented , leaving us with patchy information about particular episodes rather than a comprehensive sense of how race and policing play out in america
there has been public outrage at the notion that a defendant in america would be offered a choice of sterilization as part of a plea deal . some have claimed this practice `` evokes a dark corner of american history '' where the mentally ill or `` deficient '' were forced to undergo sterilization . buck v. bell dealt with involuntary sterilization of people because of their mental disabilities , not because they were being punished for a crime .
emy afalava was born in american samoa , a u.s. territory since 1900 . he has been subject to american law his whole life and thinks he should be a citizen . the fourteenth amendment declares that `` all persons born ... are citizens of the united states '' . but the federal government insists that he is no citizen .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all counts in the boston marathon bombing . frida ghitis : by 2050 , nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are muslim . she says the islamic faith forbids murder , but there 's a small but significant minority of muslims murdering people in terrible ways . ghitis says this bad news is going to turn worse before it gets better .
apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race , ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis . users can insert into text messages or emails when words alone just wo n't cut it . the reaction to this new lineup is , as should be expected with almost anything new in today 's hypersensitive climate , a range of cheers and jeers .
a video of officer michael slager firing eight shots at walter scott as he fled his encounter with north charleston police turned to the officer . as a defense attorney , i am more sensitive than anyone to the assumption of innocence for those accused of a crime , but this single piece of evidence -- a video of a man shot in the back while in full retreat -- defies any reasonable explanation . if we 're talking the monetary kind -- may be eclipsed by the punitive damages delivered
the pentagon released a map showing gains in key central and northern areas of iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force . the gains made in the fight against isis by iraqi security forces and coalition air power certainly look impressive . but as the u.s. department of defense acknowledges it 's a dynamic conflict and territory can change hands depending on `` daily fluctuations in the battle lines '' .
the sisters were born in the somali capital but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991 . along with their parents , the girls relocated to canada as refugees where they discovered a passion for music . heading south to la by way of atlanta , the singing sisters are now embarking on a musical journey , gearing up to unleash their afro-pop sound to the world .
yarmouk camp on the outskirts of damascus was set up as a refugee camp for palestinians in the 1950s . since 2012 it has been engulfed in the syrian conflict . two weeks ago isis fighters stormed yarmouk and that made life for those still inside even worse than it was before .
the new miniseries from mark burnett and roma downey is one of six shows to watch this week . just in time for easter , the peacock network debuts the `` bible '' sequel , picking up with jesus ' resurrection and following the early days of christianity . this is the first of the last several episodes where we 'll learn the fate of don draper and the cast of characters .
the `` avengers : age of ultron '' sequel will be played by paul bettany as the heroic android who was a member of the superhero group for many years in the comics . meanwhile , as many marvel fans know , thursday was the eve of the new netflix series `` daredevil '' .
ursula ward was tired after more than two years of pain , punctuated wednesday when her son 's killer , aaron hernandez , was sentenced to life in prison . lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed in june 2013 . his mother , sister , uncle and cousin described him as a champion of family , a gifted athlete and a hard worker with a sense of humor .
danny kahneman , my good friend and co-author who got a nobel prize in economics , once helped to run an experiment involving patients undergoing colonoscopies . the other group , which experienced the same type of colonoscopy , did not . it turns out that the group for whom things ended well had significantly more positive recollections of the whole affair from its beginning .
the 25-year-old potentially faces three more trials -- one criminal and two civil actions . next up is another murder trial in which he is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a boston nightclub in july 2012 . hernandez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment .
lincoln 's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his midwestern roots . the entire region from the appalachians to the rockies drained through the mississippi river , enabling farmers in this vast basin to float their goods down to market through new orleans and from there to the world . lincoln did not need to make this controversial claim to prove his case , and elsewhere he stressed the decisive legal point that the constitution 's text clearly
the ringling bros. center for elephant conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural central florida , halfway between orlando and sarasota , off a nondescript country road . the circus business has been a part of the feld family since 1967 , when irvin feld purchased the center . the change comes after years of repeated criticism and lawsuits by animal rights groups .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at turf moor in the english premier league on sunday . aaron ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the second half . arsene wenger said he is happy for coquelin to play down his club 's title aspirations .
the kickoff to the new season leads the list of six things to watch in the week ahead . `` orphan black , '' 9 p.m. et , saturday , april 18 , bbc america . the cloning cult sci-fi series remains one of the most critically acclaimed shows on tv .
channing tatum twerking for jennifer lopez to host amy schumer 's archery fail , there were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 mtv movie awards : see the full winners list . here are the jokes , performances and moments that hit the target and the ones and missed it .
the pitch-black-dark new series streamed its entire first season on netflix on friday morning . charlie cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney matt murdock , whose nights are consumed with cleaning up the new york neighborhood of hell 's kitchen while dressed in a black ninjaesque outfit . as the season unfolds , he heads toward a confrontation with vincent d'onofrio 's wilson fisk , a.k.a. the kingpin .
alyssa milano , who was on a trip with her husband that she described in an earlier tweet as a `` romantic getaway , '' was furious . heathrow airport guidelines on its website regarding baby food and/or milk . travelers can carry breast milk through security and are allowed quantities larger than 100ml if necessary .
cynthia lennon was born cynthia powell in 1939 . she was a stabilizing force for the young john , who lost his mother when he was a teenager and was raised by his aunt mimi . the two married in 1962 , just as the beatles were making their rise .
the teaser for `` amy : the girl behind the name , '' set for uk release on july 3 , features early footage of winehouse talking about her music career . winehouse , known for her bluesy voice , bouffant hairdo and numerous tattoos , struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol during a career in which she recorded two albums and won six grammys . her biggest hit , `` rehab , '' chronicled the efforts of those around her to get her to submit to substance abuse
ray gricar committed suicide , fell victim to foul play or deliberately walked . investigators have taken dives to the bottom of lakes , dug up a grave , chased more than 300 reported sightings from arizona to north carolina . no one has been able to find the veteran district attorney , who was 59 when he disappeared .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward . the jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week . the death penalty is on the table . the tsarnaevs were not on the minds of most people in boston on wednesday .
three people died and over 200 were injured when a pair of bombs went off within 12 seconds of each other at the finish line . not this year , at least not if you 're a member of the jury that convicted dzhokhar tsarnaev in the bombings . the first phase of tsarnaev 's trial began march 4 , after which federal prosecutors called 92 witnesses , and the defense just four .
students on the kikuyu campus stampeded down the halls of the kimberly dormitory , and some jumped from its fifth floor . the confusion and panic came less than two weeks after al-shabaab slaughtered 147 people at a college in garissa , kenya .
tokyo electric power company -lrb- tepco -rrb- deployed the remote-controlled robot on friday inside one of the damaged reactors . it was the first time the probe had been used . the robot , set out to collect data on radiation levels and investigate the spread of debris , stalled after moving about 10 meters .
tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates announcing he is going to deploy his taser after an undercover weapons sting on april 2 . bates was charged with second-degree manslaughter monday . as he exited the jailhouse , bates paused in front of television cameras for a moment but did not speak . his attorney reiterated that he believes the charge against his client is unwarranted .
the tiny shop , located in tsim sha tsui , is swarming with people handing over wads of cash for the `` little bear cookies '' . people are even hired to stand in line to buy the goods and are later resold at a 70 % mark-up yards away .
the reinforcements come four days after isis began attacking northern iraq 's baiji oil refinery . the additional troops came from camp speicher , a fortified iraqi base near the city of tikrit , according to the media office of the hasd al-shaabi militia .
the obama administration 's point man in the fight recently told cnn that isis is a problem that is `` off the charts historically '' . brett mcgurk just returned from an urgent summit of coalition nations held in jordan last week . he concluded , `` we 're in unchartered territory here '' .
gen. ahmed asiri added that the raids aim to keep the rebels from moving toward southern yemen . clashes took place friday near the saudi-yemeni border , in the najran region . the world health organization has put higher figure on both tolls -- 648 killed and 2,191 wounded .
amina ali qassim and her family fled birim at first light , piling in with three other families . twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the bab al-mandab strait to djibouti . it 's now being crossed by desperate yemenis in rickety fishing boats seeking refuge from the conflict threatening to engulf their country .
the explosion outside the bauchi motor park happened around 8:30 p.m. after a woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers . the bus was heading to the central nigerian city of jos , 125 kilometers away . the woman pretended to be going to jos and lingered around the bus station as if she was going to buy something and disappeared .
john t. booker jr. of topeka , an american citizen also known as mohammed abdullah hassan , was taken into custody near manhattan , kansas , in a van that contained what he thought was a bomb . the `` bomb '' had actually been put together by two confidential informants with nonexplosive materials , the criminal complaint said . booker enlisted in the army last year and was due to ship out to basic training april 7 , 2014 , said
isis took thousands of yazidis captive and fled the isis assault there back in august . but the islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves . in its fourth edition of `` dabiq , '' the group outlines the group 's twisted justification and guidelines for the enslavement .
muhammadu buhari said he 'll `` rapidly give attention '' to curbing violence in the northeast part of nigeria . for the first time in nigeria 's history , the opposition defeated the ruling party in democratic elections . the win comes after a long history of military rule , coups and botched attempts at democracy in africa 's most populous nation .
the campaign 's purpose , the document states , is `` to give every family , every american a path to lasting prosperity by electing hillary clinton the next president of the united states '' . it also calls on campaign staffers to remain `` disciplined '' and `` open to a diverse range of views '' .
families cradle babies in blankets , some struggle under the weight of their belongings . the government feels that restricting vehicles will decrease the likelihood of explosives making their way into iraq 's capital . those too young or too tired to walk pile into metal carts pushed by boys or young men , normally used to carry produce to markets .
team 's boat got near the dock , when suddenly a swarm of asian carp emerged from the water . team member devin patel described the moment of terror : `` the fish was flopping on my legs . it was so slippery that i could n't get a grip on it '' .
president and his advisers have avoided using the term `` treaty , '' instead explaining that it would be a `` nonbinding agreement '' . there is a big legal argument that will play out over these definitional issues , with the potential for court challenges . but outside of the legal debate , there are also significant political questions , and those are a different beast altogether .
the #foodbanknycchallenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week , which translates to $ 1.38 per meal . the effort is in response to recent cuts to food stamps twice since 2013 , and soup kitchens and food pantries saw an immediate increase in visitors .
georgia gov. nathan deal signed a bill thursday that will legalize low-thc cannabis oil for certain `` medication-resistant epilepsies '' . the bill is dubbed haleigh 's hope act . haleigh , who has been the face of the bill , was having hundreds of seizures a day and the five potent drugs meant to control them were n't making life better .
michael barnett captured dramatic video of the fire , on interstate 30 just northeast of dallas , and uploaded it to cnn ireport . smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl and barnett slowly approached in his vehicle . as he drew closer to the bus , barnett decided to stop filming because he did n't know what to expect .
six people , including one civilian , were killed when a car bomb exploded near the police station in al-arish , capital of north sinai . ansar beit al-maqdis , an isis affiliate , claimed responsibility for the attack , which came hours after another operation that the group also claimed .
carolina sandretto focuses on `` solares , '' the crumbling buildings that many cubans divide and cohabitate , often with several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling . following fidel castro 's 1959 revolution , houses and apartments were redistributed throughout cuba and the government promised that everyone would have a home in the new socialist utopia .
the bill , which passed 92 to 8 , also includes a two-year extension of a popular children 's health insurance program . the issue of payments to medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years . the house approved the same bill overwhelmingly more than two weeks ago and president barack obama is expected to sign it .
the antique ring lodged in the rocks clearly meant something to both joe and jenny . she went to the 5,000 members of her company 's facebook page , kids in adelaide , to reunite the ring with its owner . nine months earlier , joe langley had been snorkeling in the same spot in bali when he lost the ring .
parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $ 11,000 of welfare benefits a year . currently parents can choose to opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons . under the new `` no jab , no pay '' policy , the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting january 2016 . the number of children in australia who have not been vaccinated because of their parents ' objections has almost doubled in the past decade .
the u.s. has been focused on challenges at home and instability in the middle east . unfortunately , america has lost influence in latin america to a hyperactive china , a cunning russia and a troubling iran . the foundations for a strong hemispheric bloc are there . but they need attention , and the panama meeting offers a good opportunity to start building .
u.s. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies , who are working with kurdish government troops and even militia in iraq and syria . some organizations have set up recruitment drives online , featuring applications for foreign fighters complete with checklists of what to bring and advice on bringing body armor across international borders .
gaioz nigalidze 's ideas from the loo were a little too good . officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone . but after looking into the stall he found the smartphone hidden in toilet paper . the dubai chess and culture club said the smartphone was n't his .
hln 's #meforreal is an uplifting , revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online . we want to see the real parts of life , the ones that do n't get a filter or a facebook post but are a part of our realities nonetheless . we see what others are sharing on facebook , twitter and the daily share .
some supervisors were told to forge reserve deputy robert bates ' training records , and three who refused were reassigned to less desirable duties . bates claims he meant to use his taser but accidentally fired his handgun at eric harris instead . the sheriff 's office denied the allegations in the tulsa world 's report .
the items are crafts and artifacts made by japanese-americans confined to world war ii internment camps . a grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition , a facebook page , and mediation by `` star trek '' actor george takei has resulted in the sale . the auction house said 24 lots of an original collection of works of art and crafts were removed .
donald sterling 's wife sued her . in the lawsuit , rochelle `` shelly '' sterling accused stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men . she claimed donald sterling used the couple 's money to buy a ferrari , two bentleys and a range rover , and that he helped her get a $ 1.8 million duplex . the list also includes a $ 391 easter bunny costume , a $ 299 two-speed blender and a $ 12 lace thong
nba player thabo sefolosha suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage when he was arrested last week after leaving a nightclub in new york . the guard/forward for the atlanta hawks described his injury as `` significant , '' and said it `` was caused by the police '' . police were arrested near the scene of the stabbing of indiana pacers forward chris copeland and two other women early april 8 .
the jury of seven women and five men listened to more than 130 witnesses and reviewed more than 400 pieces of evidence over the months-long trial . on wednesday , they convicted hernandez , who was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole , after deliberating more than 35 hours over parts of seven days .
the washington post 's bureau chief in tehran was arrested in july on unspecified allegations . it took more than four months for a judge to hear charges against him . they remained publicly undisclosed until last week . the iranian-american will be tried soon on espionage , tehran 's chief justice said .
al qaeda confirmed that two of its leaders , known as ustad ahmad farooq and qari abdullah mansur , were killed in cia drone strikes in january . the creation of the terror group 's south asia branch was seen by some terrorism analysts as an attempt to steal some of the limelight from isis .
the resolution `` raises the cost '' for the houthis , according to mark lyall grant . russia abstained from tuesday 's vote , saying it did n't like the inclusion of sanctions . saudi arabia has led a coalition that is conducting airstrikes on targets associated with saleh 's supporters .
police and airport security located the girl on a johannesburg-bound flight . it 's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged . officials debriefed the girl 's family and released her into the family 's care . australia teens suspected of trying to join isis stopped at airport .
ten channels associated with the french-language global television network tv5monde went black late wednesday due to an `` extremely powerful cyberattack '' . on a mobile site , which was still active , the network said it was `` hacked by an islamist group '' . but there was no immediate claim of responsibility by isis or any other group .
marion `` suge '' knight was ordered thursday to stand trial for murder and other charges stemming from a deadly hit-and-run confrontation on the movie set of the biopic `` straight outta compton '' . the judge also lowered knight 's bail to $ 10 million from $ 25 million , a figure that defense lawyers called excessive . knight , 49 , suffers diabetes and blot clots , and the case has clearly strained him : he collapsed in court last month after learning of the $
oklahoma naacp wants charges against other officers involved in harris ' death , and a state and federal investigation into the tulsa county sheriff 's office 's treatment of minorities . robert bates told nbc 's `` today '' show that he used to think that , too . `` believe me , '' he told the show in his first appearance since being charged in the april 2 death of eric harris . harris died after bates shot him -- accidentally ,
the marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives . #peacemarch and #saynotoxenophobia were some of the most popular . south african police services said more than 10,000 people attended the march , including civil rights groups and nongovernmental organizations .
a third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape that was videotaped on a crowded stretch of panama city beach . police arrested the suspect at 11 p.m. tuesday . investigators discovered that kennedy had family in dekalb county , georgia , and reached out to the sheriff 's office there .
the outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two disney theme parks in the state . the health department said 42 of the cases occurred from december 17-20 . of the 81 , 70 % were unvaccinated . it can cause fever , red and sore eyes , runny nose , cough and a rash .
` furious 7 ' hits theaters friday , months after controversy was stirred about the lack of diversity at the oscars . mexican filmmaker alejandro gonzalez iñarritu went on to win best director for `` birdman '' . in contrast , `` furious 7 '' could n't be more racially and ethnically inclusive .
the explosion sparked a fire that roared like a jet engine . the operator of the front loader was injured but able to walk to an ambulance . the most serious injuries were suffered by a group of inmates who were assigned to maintenance and cleaning work at the sheriff 's firing range . there were 10 inmates near the blast site who were also injured .
a youtube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer , which had spanish subtitles on the screen . the trailer begins with a commentator 's voice asking , `` is it really surprising that the most powerful man in the world should be a figure of controversy ? '' . ryan gosling in talks to star in `` blade runner '' sequel .
john helinski , 62 , was homeless and nameless for three years . he hit it big thanks to the social security administration , and a big-hearted cop and a case worker determined to untangle major bureaucracy . the shelter where the case worker works set helinski up with a bunk and a locker .
dr. anthony moschetto , 54 , pleaded not guilty wednesday to criminal solicitation , conspiracy , burglary , criminal prescription sale and weapons charges . two other men -- identified as james chmela , 43 , and james kalamaras , 41 -- were named as accomplices . both were released on bail .
kenneth morgan stancil iii is accused of killing an employee monday at wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina . relatives have said victim ron lane was gay , cnn affiliate wncn reported . investigators are looking into whether the shooting was a hate crime .
the uss oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on december 7 , 1941 , during the japanese attack on pearl harbor . a total of 429 sailors and marines on the ship were killed . by 1950 , all unidentified remains were laid to rest as unknowns at the national memorial cemetery of the pacific .
syrian and palestinian refugees have suffered what can only be described as untold indignities . but while the story is in itself tragic , it is the individual lives at the heart of the camp that make the imperative for humanitarian action so compelling . the fact that they are alive truly make them miracle children .
kenyan president uhuru kenyatta announced three days of national mourning following last week 's deadly attack at a nearby university . only a few kilometers away , 147 people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred when al-shabaab militants invaded the campus in garissa , a town in northeastern kenya . mohamed mohamud is in command of an islamic religious school because the man suspected by kenyan authorities of being the `` mastermind '' behind the atrocity
the u.s. consulate was the target of the attack , isis said . at least four people were killed and 18 injured , police said . the incident began with an explosion of a small improvised bomb in the area . the blast sent a huge fireball into the sky on a street parallel to the consulate .
pope francis faced just such a dilemma this sunday in rome . more than 1 million armenians -lrb- some estimates run as high as 1.5 million -rrb- died at the hand of the turks . previous popes had finessed the genocide question .
a logic problem from a singapore math test somehow spread across the web , leaving millions trying to figure out the hypothetical birthday of someone named cheryl . who retires at age 34 ? supermodel gisele bundchen , who walked what she says was her last fashion-show runway this week in her native brazil .
cnn was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by unicef . the airport has previously been bombed . more than 100,000 yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began , and ocha , the united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs estimates that 15.9 million people here are in need of assistance .
the nfl suspended the 30-year-old football star in november over allegations that he disciplined his son , who was 4 at the time , too harshly with a `` switch , '' or thin stick . in a letter , the nfl commissioner roger goodell told peterson that his continued participation in the league was contingent on a number of requirements . also required of peterson : avoiding `` any further conduct that violates the -lrb- nfl 's -rrb- personal
tulsa reserve deputy robert bates , 73 , thought he pulled out his taser during an arrest , but instead shot the suspect , who later died at a local hospital . police say harris , a convicted felon , sold undercover officers a pistol . when confronted by an arrest team , he fled the scene on foot and police say they `` observed him reaching for his waistband area ... causing concern for the deputies safety '' .
jonathan crombie died wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage , `` anne of green gables '' producer kevin sullivan said . the plot focused on the adventures of fiery orphan anne shirley , played by megan follows , who is sent to live on a farm in prince edward island .
robert bates had one taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period , took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times . his evaluations say he got along with other officers and related well with the public . the sheriff 's office has turned down cnn 's requests for the training documents , saying they are part of the investigation .
chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics during a six-month anti-drug campaign . authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use during the nationwide campaign to `` ban drugs in hundreds of cities '' .
tomasz lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s and forced to live thousands of miles away in siberia . some were sent to prison camps in the frozen wilderness of central russia . lazar has located seven decades later .
andreas lubitz , the co-pilot on germanwings flight 9525 , reportedly was administered a series of injections to mitigate his problems . the illness did n't just appear out of thin air . it 's curious to me how the red flags of his illness were missed . glider flying is one of the purest forms of aviation .
a study by the people found that 80 % of women in mumbai had been street harassed , primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms . most people , including women , only think of sexual violence as rape and tend to overlook touching , groping and stalking , not to mention the `` milder '' forms of ogling , leering , catcalling and whistling .
garissa university college is al-shabaab 's fifth major assault in kenya in the past year and a half . the attack was the most deadly assault so far , with 147 dead , easily eclipsing the terrorist group 's most notorious attack , a four-day siege in late september 2013 at the westgate mall in nairobi in which 67 people were killed . but if that is the case , why does n't al qaeda target kenyan military bases
the rocker will wrap his touring efforts in support of `` lazeretto '' with a brief , first-ever acoustic tour that will hit `` the only five states left in the u.s. that he has yet to play , '' according to white 's website . the shows will be unannounced until day-of-show , with tickets priced at $ 3 and limited to one ticket per person , to be purchased only at the venue .
cnn confirms that michelle maclaren is leaving the upcoming `` wonder woman '' movie -lrb- the hollywood reporter first broke the story -rrb- . the movie , starring gal gadot in the title role of the amazon princess , is still set for release on june 23 , 2017 .
the `` muppets '' revival is being produced by abc studios and the muppet studios , which disney owns . sources say the concept for the presentation includes the regular cast of characters created by jim henson -- kermit the frog , fozzie bear , gonzo and animal .
etan patz went missing in new york city at age 6 , hardly anyone in america could help but see his face at their breakfast table . his photo 's appearance on milk cartons after his may 1979 disappearance marked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children . on friday , a jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing , pedro hernandez .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , of columbus , allegedly traveled to syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans -- particularly u.s. soldiers , execution style . he allegedly said he was happy that his brother , aden , died fighting for al-nusra front , al qaeda 's largest affiliate in syria .
the 128 parks that charge a fee -- like yellowstone and yosemite -- will be free those two days . most of the national park service 's 407 sites are free year-round , happening april 18 through april 26 . go to findyourpark.com to learn more about park sites near you .
cnn recently published a powerful piece called `` poor kids of silicon valley '' . it documents the affordable housing challenges facing families in the bay area . one aspect featured a house that is home to 16 people , including 11 children . the more they spend on housing , the less they have to invest in their children 's education , build up savings and shop at local businesses .
david frum : the public outrage over the `` religious freedom '' bills recently passed in arkansas and indiana caught the governors of those states completely off-guard . he says the politicians underestimated the pushback organized by local and national businesses , including companies with no previous record of public support for social equality . frum says the threat of boycotts and other retaliation was swift , from groups as diverse as the national collegiate athletic association , the indiana pacers , walmart , eli l
former maryland gov. martin o'malley is trying to steal clinton 's thunder by talking about the problems of disproportionate wealth . in other words , the likelihood that new york 's chuck schumer will replace harry reid as leader of the senate democrats means the dreams of a more economically leftward party are crashing into political reality .
a jury of rolling stone 's media peers dissected the magazine 's disastrous , discredited story about rape on the campus of the university of virginia . rolling stone writer erdely never verified the identity of the attacker and therefore never confronted him with the allegations . the story began to unravel almost immediately when washington post reporter t. rees shapiro took a closer look , leading rolling stone to back away from the story .
jon cryer reprised the character 's record-store dance to otis redding 's `` try a little tenderness '' . in the original scene , one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 john hughes film , cryer lip-syncing the song as he tries to win the affection of molly ringwald 's andie . in tuesday 's recreation , he dances in tandem with host james corden , who tweeted that he 'd `` fulfilled
debra lobo , a 55-year-old california native , was shot in the right cheek and left arm and is unconscious but expected to survive . police found pamphlets that the assailants had thrown into lobo 's car , written in urdu , saying `` america should be burnt '' . lobo had left the jinnah medical and dental college , where she works as vice principal , to pick up her two daughters from school .
yemen 's health ministry said over the weekend that 385 civilians had been killed and 342 others had been wounded . the world health organization has put a higher figure on both tolls -- 648 killed and 2,191 wounded . those allied with hadi have accused the iranian government of supporting the houthis in their uprising in yemen .
ines dumig met sahra through a photo workshop at refugio , a shelter in munich , germany , for refugees and torture victims . the number of refugees seeking asylum in the european union increased by 25 % last year , with the most applications . another reason has to do with her interest in people 's emotions and finding one 's identity .
steve esmond , his teenage sons and the teens ' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in st. john , delaware . the boys , 16 and 14 , were in critical condition at a philadelphia hospital on saturday , the family 's lawyer said . the family was airlifted to hospitals in the united states .
police in marana , arizona , thought the shoplifted gun mario valencia held as he walked through a busy office park was locked and unable to fire . just 10 seconds after the worker told police that ... a shot . valencia had fired into the air , and less than a minute later a police car slammed into him in a move that ended a crime spree and sparked nationwide discussion on the officer 's unusual tactic .
jarret stoll , 32 , was arrested friday at the swimming pool of a las vegas resort on a drug-possession charge . stoll was released from the clark county detention center late friday on $ 5,000 bail . the canadian player is a center and has been with the kings since 2008 .
the shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago , made up of some 4,000 tents and counting . thousands of yazidis now call this corner of iraqi kurdistan home , about 18 miles -lrb- 30 kilometers -rrb- from one of the front lines with isis , where one can hear the occasional reverberation in the distance of what we are told are airstrikes .
maggie doyne lived in a buddhist monastery , helped rebuild a sea wall in fiji , then went to india and worked with nepalese refugees . in 2006 , she purchased land in surkhet , a district in western nepal . today , kopila -- which means `` flower bud '' in nepali -- is home to about 50 children , from infants to teenagers .
britt mchenry posted an apology on twitter , saying she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation at a virginia business . `` as frustrated as i was , i should always choose to be respectful and take the high road . i am so sorry for my actions and will learn from this mistake , '' she wrote .
dr. sanjay gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years . his research has resulted in three cnn documentaries , culminating with `` weed 3 : the marijuana revolution '' airing at 9 p.m. et/pt sunday . gupta pointed out the 10 diseases where medical marijuana research could have an impact and how it helped to stop one young girl 's severe seizures .
the new england patriots quarterback was n't just there to support her in person , he expressed his emotions to the world on facebook . bundchen , 34 , announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend . she is the face of chanel and carolina herrera and has her own line of lingerie .
davion navar henry only dressed up in a suit and borrowed a bible from the boys home where he lived . then he headed to a st. petersburg , florida , church to make a plea for his own adoption . now 16 years old , he had lived his entire life in foster care , bouncing from one home to another . but the tampa bay times documented his journey , and a video of his plea went viral .
thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in durban . heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes after local residents accused immigrants from other african nations of taking their jobs . president jacob zuma has canceled a trip to indonesia and visited displaced foreign nationals in chatsworth to express his support .
the group of friends , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested sunday . `` they were not easily influenced . these are focused men who are intent on joining a terrorist organization by any means possible , '' said u.s. attorney andrew m. luger of the district of minnesota . recruiting for the isis terrorist network is a particular problem in minnesota 's community of somali immigrants .
jason warnock was driving through a canyon in lewiston , idaho , on wednesday when he saw the tree , then looked up to see an suv dangling over the edge of a cliff . the only thing holding the gmc yukon and its driver , 23-year-old matthew sitko , from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence . warnock then reached in and pulled sitko out to safety -- a moment recorded by le
the dancer , raised in california and texas , left her parents and eight brothers behind when she arrived in russia six years ago . in 2013 she left under a cloud -- media reports suggested she had claimed she was asked by an unnamed boshoi official to pay $ 10,000 to dance in even small roles .
photographer timothy bouldry captures what it 's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in india . the boragaon landfill is located in the city of guwahati , about 300 miles from bangladesh near the bhutanese border . for the past seven years , bouldry has traveled the world photographing landfills .
african metropolises have seen some of the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent . others include luanda , dar es salaam and accra , which is predicted to nearly double its millionaire count from 800 in 2012 to 1,500 in 2020 . if the growth continues , these cities could join an existing club of african wealth hubs hosting the so-called ultra-high net worth individuals .
a lawsuit filed this week alleges johns hopkins university and the rockefeller foundation helped conduct a similar study in guatemala from 1945 to 1956 . the subjects of the experiments were n't told they 'd been infected , the lawsuit says , causing some to die and others to pass the disease to their spouses , sexual partners and children . this is the second attempt to collect damages and has 774 plaintiffs , including people who were subjects in the experiments and their descendants .
j.j. abrams and the `` star wars : episode vii '' cast showed off for the audience and then capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film . the cast was appreciative of the welcome . carrie fisher was also there , though without her trademark princess leia hair buns .
kim richards was taken into custody by police at the beverly hills hotel on accusations of trespassing , resisting arrest and public intoxication . security personnel complained that she was bothering hotel guests about 1:30 a.m. ` real housewives of atlanta ' cast member 's mother dies . richards is expected to face misdemeanor charges .
the deputies were trying to arrest eric harris when reserve deputy robert bates shot him . unlike bates , they are not charged with a crime , but have come under criticism for pinning harris ' head to the ground as he said , `` i 'm losing my breath '' . sheriff stanley glanz said he was `` very concerned '' for their safety and that of their families .
willy allen luna was found guilty of first-degree murder friday for his role in the august 2013 drive-by shooting of christopher lane . lane , a 23-year-old college student in duncan , oklahoma city , was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by luna . a jury recommended friday that luna spend life in prison without the possibility of parole .
japan 's nuclear regulation authority had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the kansai electric power company 's takahama nuclear plant . but locals successfully petitioned the court in fukui prefecture , where the plant is located , raising concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake .
isis has been using abu ghraib and other cases of western abuse to legitimize its current actions in iraq as the latest episodes in over a decade of constant `` sunni resistance '' to `` american aggression '' and to `` shiite betrayal '' . as the iraqi government today struggles to regain the support of sunnis in its fight against isis -- or even renew intra-sunni trust -- this invocation of american transgressions by isis should be a sober
a new way to talk about climate change is emerging , which shifts focus from impersonal discussions about greenhouse gas emissions and power plants to a very personal one : your health . president obama joined u.s. surgeon general dr. vivek murthy and epa administrator gina mccarthy for a roundtable discussion tuesday at howard university 's college of medicine . murthy revealed to the group that asthma is a personal issue for him , as a favorite for him as a favorite
mike rowe meets up with chad pregracke , the founder of living lands & waters , who does just that . the part-home , part-dumpster has seven bedrooms , two bathrooms , a classroom and a kitchen -- and just happens to be made from a recycled strip club .
a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris in tulsa , oklahoma . bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead . law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body .
gov. mary fallin signed a bill on friday that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas if lethal injection is ruled unconstitutional or becomes unavailable . nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen , fallin 's office said in a press release . `` the person will become unconscious within eight to 10 seconds and death a few minutes later , '' said rep. mike christian , one of the bill 's authors .
florida 's gun censorship law was dragged into court soon after the governor signed it , and while a three-judge appeals panel upheld the law last summer , doctors can still ask about guns while the full 11th circuit court of appeals decides whether it will take up the case . in arizona , another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer .
the explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others . the claim appears to be the first in afghanistan by isis , cnn 's nick paton walsh said . it was made by an offshoot called isis wilayat khorasan . he was targeting government workers collecting their pay at the bank .
the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities . in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms -lrb- 550 pounds -rrb- of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of martinique .
robert kennedy jr. was in sacramento , california , to campaign against senate bill 227 , which makes it harder for parents to opt out of vaccinations . in his remarks at an anti-vaccination movie screening , he said , `` they get the shot , that night they have a fever of a hundred and three , they go to sleep , and three months later their brain is gone '' . a few days later , he apologized to people who were outraged on behalf of the
iraq is working to fortify the facility 's defenses , the task force said . over the past nine days , the coalition conducted 47 airstrikes in the area . meanwhile , peshmerga forces -- also with the assistance of coalition strikes -- cleared 84 square kilometers of isis-occupied territory in iraq on saturday .
steel from a construction project crashed onto the family 's car , killing josh and vanessa ellis and their 8-month-old son , hudson . authorities continued their investigation tuesday , but initial findings were that there was an ongoing construction project on the highway and a side jersey barrier `` came loose and fell onto the roadway '' .
tepco said the yellow seen on the images seemed to suggest a discoloration of the grating , though the cause was unknown . the first robot , which was sent in on april 10 , stalled after moving about 10 meters , according to a report and footage from the robot . tepco says the site 's still too dangerous for workers to enter .
the american pharmacists association voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy . this bolsters the association 's previous positions to oppose the use of the term `` drug '' for chemicals used in lethal injection cases . this was prompted by clayton lockett 's execution by lethal injection nearly one year ago in which he writhed on a gurney for 43 minutes .
carlotta asami , a spokeswoman for the united nations ' refugee agency , made the comments early tuesday . she and two of her colleagues had spoken to multiple survivors from the disaster who arrived in catania , italy . they said that as the cargo ship king jacob approached late saturday , migrants on the smaller boat moved to one side , hoping to be saved , and caused the vessel to capsize .
a clip of the video , which features a gay couple holding hands , got the 18 + rating from the independent tv rain channel in russia on monday . the channel told cnn that it did n't want to break the controversial law , which bans `` propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors '' and bars public discussion of gay rights and relationships within earshot of children . the former senator and first lady first declared her support for same-sex marriage in early 2013 , saying that ``
somalia-based islamist militant group al-shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack . group spokesman sheikh abdiaziz musab said the blast targeted and killed no government official or soldier . among the dead , he said , was a boy who shined shoes . the restaurant is across the street from the presidential palace .
daisy bentley , 23 , has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for those odd bits of paper that flutter to the ground when their owners are n't looking . her quest has uncovered a fascinating , if idiosyncratic , collection of shopping lists , requests , love notes and motivational musings . now a gallery in london has put a selection on display for the public .
italy announced the end of `` mare nostrum '' -- a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril . in the operation 's year-long existence , the italian navy and coastguard had rescued an estimated 100,000 people . but it proved expensive and politically contentious , and europe was not prepared to help italy shoulder the burden of the crisis .
the gulf of mexico 's seafood industry , which supplies the united states with roughly 40 % of its seafood , is finally starting to rebound . researchers documented substantial differences in appearance , and deformities in crabs that were affected by the spill including lesions so numerous they ate through the joints , forcing limbs to fall off .
the ship , the mu du bong , was detained after it ran aground off the coast of mexico in july . mexican government defended the move wednesday , saying it followed proper protocol because the company that owns the ship , north korea 's ocean maritime management company , has skirted united nations sanctions .
dzhokhar tsarnaev 's lawyers admitted from the beginning that their client had participated in the horrific terrorist attack . the outcome of this first phase may have been preordained , but nearly two years after the bombing , the trial has held boston and the region in thrall . the only issue to be decided is whether tsarnaev should be executed .
heather mack , 19 , was found guilty with her 21-year-old boyfriend , tommy schaefer , of killing sheila von wiese-mack on the indonesian island last august . the couple had loaded in a waiting taxi outside the resort . they told the driver they 'd be back soon , but after a lengthy wait he alerted hotel staff who inspected the bag . a forensic examination determined she had died from a blunt force to the face that fractured her
flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m. local time at hiroshima airport . twenty-three people had minor injuries after flight 162 landed . authorities are investigating initial reports that the airbus a320 may have hit an object on the runway during landing , causing damage to the rear of its body and the cover of the engine on the left wing .
drake appeared less than enthused after madonna 's prolonged smooch onstage at the coachella music festival in california on sunday . in an update monday from `` champagnepapi '' himself , the rapper clarified his reaction : `` do n't misinterpret my shock !! i got to make out with the queen madonna and i feel 100 about that forever '' .
the 34-year-old announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk , though not the fashion industry . bundchen has said she wants to spend more time with her family . on wednesday night , brady had a front-row seat at what was hailed as a historic moment in brazil 's fashion world .
on april 19 , 1995 , the alfred r. murrah federal building in oklahoma city , oklahoma , was bombed by two disaffected young americans . one hundred sixty-eight people died in the terrorist attack , including 19 children . cnn captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today .
in 2014 , the nepal climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell , unleashing an avalanche that killed 16 nepalis . in order to reduce risks , the route through khumbu icefall , the notoriously treacherous path where the 16 were killed , has been changed to one that takes longer but is expected to be safer .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , has been found guilty on every count . jurors also began to hear about the holes his bombs left in the hearts of the survivors and the families of the dead . this is the victim impact part of the case , and the testimony was heartbreaking . a father with a shock of white hair cried for the daughter he called `` princess '' .
bishop robert finn , who led the diocese of kansas city-st . joseph , missouri , was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse . finn was put on two years ' probation but was not forced to spend time in jail or pay a fine .
bobby burns got to work on his own version of `` batman v. superman : dawn of justice '' using classic superhero footage . within an hour of the trailer going up , my edit was finished and up on the internet . burns : ' i wanted to contrast the old with the new . it 's awesome to see so many people enjoying what i made ' .
`` the americans , '' 10 p.m. et wednesday , fx . every finale has delivered in a big way . critics and viewers seem to have taken to `` fresh , '' the first sitcom with an asian-american cast since the 1990s . the first history channel scripted series , which been renewed for a fourth season , wraps up on thursday .
new trailer for `` fantastic four '' shows sue and johnny storm 's father initiates the project that ends up giving the foursome their powers . they also end up in another dimension , and we see the early flirtation between sue storm and reed richards as well . the movie is due out august 7 .
the 2015 acm awards brought in the biggest audience for a live tv awards show ever . reba mcentire showed the entire cowboys stadium -- and many younger singers who do n't have half her energy -- how it 's done . blake shelton and luke bryan were quick to point out , everything is bigger in texas .
rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony in cleveland on saturday night . paul mccartney is there to honor ringo starr , and yoko ono is on hand as well . starr had been in town to play the same hall ; he admitted backstage he did n't remember the cops stopping the show during `` all my loving '' .
joss whedon produced and co-wrote the script for cabin with director drew goddard , a writer on whedon 's `` buffy the vampire slayer '' and a fanboy favorite in his own right . whedon reportedly may soon include sony 's upcoming spider-man projects . he 's suing for copyright infringement and wants $ 10 million in damages .
the backstreet boys have a documentary out , nbc is bringing the sitcom `` coach '' back to television . mariah was the queen of the 1990s , so it 's only right that she get in on the revival . the diva still reigns . lest we forget how much sparkle she can bring into our lives , check out this collection of mariah carey throwing shade .
the pair will reprise their characters from 2010 's `` tron : legacy '' . `` legacy '' was the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi film that took place inside a computer world known as the grid . while not a hit at the time , it later drew a big cult following and became an influence on filmmakers and pop culture .
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of baltimore known for drugs . an officer apparently took his taser out , and was prepared to use it on gray , but he never deployed it . none of the six officers involved in the arrest describe using force against the 25-year-old .
the vatican says pope francis may add another leg to his trip to the united states this september . the possibility would add a dimension of international intrigue to an already highly anticipated trip . francis , the first pontiff to hail from latin america , played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries .
the deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan 's eye . he photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city 's skyline and shared them on cnn ireport . the fires were started in southeastern siberia , by farmers burning grass in their fields . but on april 14 , it is believed that the flames quickly grew out of control because of strong winds and spread throughout the region .
the first step is to go to the food and drug administration 's website and find the official report for the recalled product you 're worried about . each report will list recalled items with their product codes , which are typically categorized by the universal product code -lrb- the number adjacent to the barcode -rrb- or the stock keeping unit . they will also include the recalled products ' use-by dates , and the geographical areas affected .
dallas mavericks owner mark cuban advised twitterers to have their blood tested for everything available -- and to do so every three months . following her mother 's cancer diagnosis , singer taylor swift urged her fans to remind their parents to get screening tests . arizona gov. doug ducey signed legislation to allow arizonans to get any lab test without a doctor 's order .
wang pingan neared the end of a two-wheel trek that covered thousands of miles through every major province in the vast country . despite police initially saying odds were stacked against the bike ever being recovered , shenzhen 's finest managed to track it down and return it . the bike had likely been sold twice before being recovered .
karni bt , 37 , was sentenced to death in march 2013 for killing her employer 's four-year-old child . the death penalty was delayed until the youngest of the victim 's sons reached puberty . rights groups say they suspect siti was mentally ill and cast aspersions .
prime minister tony abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds . observers were quick to point out that abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in australia . some commentators focused on abbott 's drinking technique but others suggested he was setting a bad example .
three british citizens arrested in the united arab emirates after they were found plane spotting near fujairah airport are to be released monday . the three have been in jail since february 22 . no charges were filed , and the men will not face deportation , their lawyer said .
boko haram has been waging a years-long campaign of terror aimed at instituting its extreme version of sharia law in nigeria . the last attack in cameroon by the nigeria-based militants was march 10 , when the assailants struck the locality of kerawa-mafa in a failed attempt to overrun a military base .
the commando asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals and because he was not authorized to speak . at 7:00 a.m. local time , the response team was told to assemble for a mission to garissa , the police commando told cnn . but kenya 's police air wing chief col. rogers mbithi denied that his unit caused any delay in the response to the university attack .
one that pope francis once owned just sold for $ 30,500 . the apple tablet had all the personal touches . the proceeds will go to a school in montevideo , uruguay . it 's not the first time a papal hand-me-down has gone for big bucks .
farage complains that britain 's membership of the european union means it is powerless to stop a flow of foreign immigrants into his `` small island '' nation . farage is the leader of the uk independence party -lrb- ukip -rrb- . in a video posted on youtube , prince jan zylinksi said he was fed up with discrimination against migrants for traffic jams on the m40 .
there are nearly 5,000 `` gems '' scattered across the country , ranging from museums to archaeological areas and monuments . there are another 42,000 that are at the mercy of mudslides , floods and natural calamities . the unesco-listed basilica of assisi , where st. frances ' tomb lies , is just the last of a series of national shames .
carlosberg city has been home to the famous carlsberg brewery since 1847 . prices range from just below copenhagen 's average $ 5,000 per square meter to about $ 12,000 -- well below other major european cities . the project has since attracted interest from all over the world .
florida fire rescue battalion chief al cruz grew to be more than 10 times that within the next 24 hours . by monday night , the fire had burned nearly 2,000 acres and was 50 % contained . several fire units and a helicopter with the capacity to drop 400 gallons of water at a time were battling the blaze .
a small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of le borgne , west of cap-haitien , on wednesday night . it began to sail toward the island of providenciales in the turks and caicos when it was caught in bad weather . the search for survivors is ongoing , civil protection spokesman joseph edgar celestin said .
photographer andres figueroa photographed a series of religious festivals that take place every july in the atacama desert . in his `` dancers of the deserts '' series , he chronicles these festivals , which attract about 200,000 people to some otherwise quiet mining towns in chile .
the original dr. seuss book sent a wave of nostalgic giddiness across twitter , and months before publication , the number of pre-orders for `` what pet should i get ? '' continues to climb . to keep up with demand , the book 's first printing was increased from 500,000 to 1 million copies , barbara marcus , president and publisher of random house children 's books .
dzhokhar tsarnaev 's trial will begin tuesday , determining whether he will receive the death penalty . there is often a debate about whether the u.s. judicial system is well equipped for terrorism trials . in the midst of our own situational awareness , the fog of war sometimes takes years to determine what in fact occurred .
former maryland gov. martin o'malley is intensifying his criticism of overwhelming democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton . `` every time hillary sort of adjusts her positioning from '08 to '16 -- her statement on the drivers ' licenses that we discussed and other things , '' said zeleny . `` those youtube videos on his channel will be a key part of the race -- the liberals love them , and some distance . '' .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward . the sentencing phase begins tuesday , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race . it is expected to last four weeks . the richards are urging the justice department to bring the case to a close .
phil rudd pleaded guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs in a new zealand court . the 60-year-old australian was arrested in november after police found methamphetamine and cannabis while executing a search warrant at his home . rudd made a surprise guilty plea tuesday before the trial began .
frida ghitis : we 're playing checkers on the middle east game board and tehran 's playing three-dimensional chess . she says iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior while we twist ourselves into knots over our tough choices . iran is n't 10 feet tall in this region , but by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce iran 's power , the united states is only making tehran taller .
recent spikes in hiv and hepatitis c infections among injecting drug users in rural indiana and kentucky . scientific evidence and sound public health practices prevailed as both states authorized the implementation of syringe exchange programs to help curb the spread of these diseases . the prevalence of acute hepatitis c among people under 30 rose from 36 % to 49 % in six years .
erika langhart had a zest for life when she was just 24 years old . by the time she finished college she had already visited 37 countries . her mom said she `` picked up the phone and answered it , ` hi schmoo , ca n't wait to see you ' '' .
glassfrog was found on the caribbean slopes of costa rica . it 's called a glassfrog because of its translucent belly . you can see its internal organs from underneath . the last time a new glassfrog was discovered in 1973 , the center 's facebook page said it was back in 1973 .
cristis mendel epstein , 69 ; jay goldstein , 60 ; and binyamin stimler , 39 , were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in new jersey federal court . goldstein and stimler were also convicted on charges of attempted kidnapping . the rabbis were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings of jewish husbands to persuade them through torture involving electric cattle prods and screwdrivers to grant `` gets
the jury in the high-profile trial resumed deliberations wednesday after deliberating about an hour-and-a-half on tuesday . the way defense lawyer james sultan laid it out for the massachusetts jury in closing arguments earlier tuesday , why would a young man with a $ 40 million contract kill odin lloyd less than a mile from his own home ? did those who sultan described as inept and biased police officers and prosecutors simply become fixated with the former tight end with
best did n't become famous until 1979 , when `` the dukes of hazzard 's '' cornpone charms began beaming into millions of american homes almost every friday night . although rosco was slow-witted and corrupt , best gave him a childlike enthusiasm that got laughs and made him endearing .
the aircraft went down overnight about 2 miles east of the central illinois regional airport in bloomington , mclean county sheriff 's office sgt. bill tate said . that 's about 5 miles from the campus of illinois state , where ward and leetch both worked . the last post from a twitter account that purportedly belongs to ward features pictures from lucas oil stadium , where duke beat wisconsin in the title game .
the bronze figure of comedian and area native lucille ball has elicited comparisons to a `` walking dead '' zombie and inspired the facebook campaign `` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue '' . poulin publicly apologized monday for his `` most unsettling sculpture '' in a letter to the hollywood reporter .
kenya and al-shabaab have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the u.s. embassy in nairobi . but it was also yet another pave stone in the long path of violence between kenya and the somali militants . in october 2011 , kenyan defense forces invaded somalia , where al qaeda is based , with the crushing operation linda nchi .
khaled batarfi , a senior al qaeda figure , was among the escapees . dozens of attackers took control of government buildings , including the city 's central prison , central bank and radio station . last month , hundreds of inmates escaped from al mansoorah central prison in aden after clashes between shiite houthi rebels and forces loyal to ousted sunni president abdu rabu mansour hadi .
the petition , which was started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of izmir , so far has almost 5,500 signatures . it adds that `` uneducated padawan '' -- the novice jedis in george lucas ' `` star wars '' film franchise -- `` are moving to the dark side . ... to find the balance in the force , we want a jedi temple '' .
frances bean cobain worked as an intern in the new york offices of rolling stone one summer a few years ago . she recalls providing research assistance on a cover about the jonas brothers and working in a cubicle across from a wall with a giant painting of kurt . `` yeah , '' she says with a grin and mock-exasperation , `` looking at my dad every day '' .
an initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies had at last landed in yemen 's capital , sanaa . the conflict is exacting a heavy toll on children and families , unicef said in a statement . aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed , but getting them into the country in the midst of regional turmoil was difficult .
canadian forces are part of the u.s.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group 's bloody advances in iraq and syria . the cf-18 hornets bombed near isis ' de facto capital of raqqa , canada 's department of national defence said wednesday .
the fbi is involved in the investigation of the slaying of the 50-year-old unarmed african-american man by the white police officer . michael slager , 33 , has been fired , officials said wednesday . his wife is eight months ' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance until the baby is born .
about 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as `` the roads are cut off and we wo n't be able to reach them for a few days '' . the storm system also brought destructive flooding that washed away houses and brought down trees onto streets and buildings . the powerful storm has already claimed four lives .
the complaint was filed thursday morning by graham mccready , an accountant described in the new zealand press as a `` serial litigant '' . key publicly apologized to bailey , a waitress at his local cafe , for repeatedly tugging on her ponytail , after she complained about his behavior in a blog post .
a week ago , laney griner , justin 's wife and sammy 's mother , created a gofundme campaign with a goal of $ 75,000 to help cover the medical expenses that go along with a kidney transplant . by wednesday it had topped its goal . griner told the daily dot that her husband was diagnosed with kidney disease in 2006 and suffered complete kidney failure three years later .
three of the teens , all of them either 18 or 19 , have since been released `` pending further enquiries '' . sevdet besim , 18 , has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act . the other suspect , a 19-year-old , has not yet appeared in court .
aaron hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges , setting the stage for his trial in fall river , massachusetts . he 's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of odin lloyd . lloyd was a semi-pro football player for the boston bandits .
espn reporter britt mchenry has since apologized on twitter , saying she forgot those `` golden rule '' lessons from childhood or that she has n't really lived her life with that mantra . but some of her comments imply that she may have the dangerous thinking that she , by dint of her career , is better than people who do n't get paid what she does or have the same kind of career or educational opportunities .
alfred taubman was born january 31 , 1924 , in michigan to german jewish immigrants who hit hard times during the great depression . in his autobiography , `` threshold resistance : the extraordinary career of a luxury retailing pioneer , '' he said that when he looked over the horizon , i saw that there was money to be made by people who could build and own stores or , better yet , groups of stores .
a university of washington climate scientist and his associates have been studying the blob -- a huge area of unusually warm water in the pacific -- for months . in the fall of 2013 and early 2014 we started to notice a big , almost circular mass of water that just did n't cool off as much as it usually did , so by spring of 2014 it was warmer than we had ever seen it for that time of year . it 's not the only one ; there are two others that emerged in
the tiny settlement of tristan da cunha is seeking the help of architects and designers the world over to secure its future well into the 21st century . the uk overseas territory is holding an international competition to improve aging infrastructure and make the island self-sustainable . those with experience of renewable energy in remote regions , modern housing and developing cost-effective agrarian systems are encouraged to apply .
enoch gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight in the town of cottonwood , arizona . police sergeant jeremy daniels was hit in the leg by a bullet fired during the melee . officers wanted to question them about the alleged assault of a walmart employee who was going into the store bathroom .
the issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional , both for armenians , who are descended from those killed , and for turks , the heirs to the ottomans . for both groups , the question touches as much on national identity as on historical facts . in addition , some turkish leaders fear that acknowledgment of a genocide could lead to demands for huge reparations .
in his obituary , his family made just two requests : please donate to a children 's hospital , and please do n't vote for clinton . upright , a staunch republican , died monday at a north carolina hospital . his daughter jill mclain said it was natural to put that line in her father 's tribute .
former secretary of state confirmed on sunday what the political world has expected for months -- eight years after her first failed white house bid . `` i 'm hitting the road to earn your vote , because it 's your time , '' clinton said in a video released sunday afternoon officially kicking off her campaign . but while the enthusiastic support from the industry will be a financial boon for clinton 's newly launched campaign , it will also pose a delicate balancing act when it comes to appeasing a
lewis hamilton stole pole position for sunday 's chinese grand prix . hamilton beat nico rosberg by a slim four hundredths of a second margin . the german will start in third after the ferrari driver surprisingly won the malaysian gp two weeks ago .
ly sivhong fell to the genocidal khmer rouge regime of the communist party of kampuchea on april 17 , 1975 . she was separated from her mother and two of her sisters who , along with virtually the entire population of phnom penh , were sent on a forced march into the countryside to work . but about 20,000 people died from execution , starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint , according to war crimes prosecutors .
somalis flee al-shabaab and clan warfare ; syrians have given up hope . motivations among tens of thousands making the trek to the mediterranean coast are as many and varied as the nationalities involved . but in 2014 more than 80 % of them headed for the libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation .
the man was identified later as sid ahmed ghlam , french interior minister bernard cazeneuve told tf1 . ghlam asked for medical help at his home in paris ' 13th district sunday morning , claiming he had accidentally injured himself when he mishandled a weapon . but authorities found more than a man with a gunshot wound in his thigh .
valerie braham was laid to rest in jerusalem 's givat shaul cemetery . her husband , philippe braham , was one of 17 people killed in january 's terror attacks in paris . the terrorist , amedy coulibaly , recorded the attack on camera .
mohammed abu khdeir 's name appeared this week on the wall at jerusalem 's mount herzl , the site of the national cemetery , as the nation prepared to mark its memorial day on wednesday . his family and others complained to the national insurance institute of israel -- the country 's social security administration , which maintains the memorial site .
ben stiller , who plays the title role of male model derek zoolander , dropped the news by sharing a photo of `` little penny '' cruz as a child and saying he was `` excited '' to welcome her to the cast . it is scheduled for release in february 2016 .
saudi arabia had launched airstrikes on houthi positions across yemen , hoping to wipe out the iranian-allied rebel group that has overthrown the government and seized power . the saudis say they want to restore the yemeni government , a key u.s. ally in the fight against al qaeda , which was kicked out of the capital this year .
the white house announced thursday that adam gadahn , 36 , was killed in a u.s. government counterterrorism operation . neither he nor al qaeda operative ahmed farouq , who died in what the white house said was `` likely a separate '' operation , was specifically targeted . his parents changed their name from pearlman to gadahn after their marriage .
the 2013 attack , known as `` dark seoul , '' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters , disrupting network systems and wiping their hard disks clean . live footage of the breaches showed computer screens at the media companies completely down , while bank customers were unable to make withdrawals , or transfer money online .
a number of politicians have officially announced their candidacies and the outline of their messages is starting to emerge . hillary clinton , who announced last week , even jumped into her black van for a road trip out to iowa , including a pit stop at chipotle along the way . sen. ted cruz impressed many observers when he announced his candidacy at liberty university .
the headstone was tipped over this week , just a couple of days after she announced her second presidential bid . police are investigating , but no other headstones were knocked over . mcgloin said he 's tended to the grave site at the washburn street cemetery in scranton , pennsylvania , since rodham was buried there in 1993 .
kevin cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his reddit page . when his family first arrived at omaha 's henry doorly zoo gorilla exhibit , he noticed one of the gorillas had a cut below his eye that was `` bleeding a little bit '' . then the gorilla -- named kijoto -- charged toward the window and smacked into it , he said .
steve woolfenden checked leo for other injuries and thought , `` let 's get out of here '' . that was before he noticed his achilles tendon , which resembled transparent tape covered in blood , and his left tibia protruding from his boot . the defense , led by famed death penalty opponent judy clarke , is expected to try to soften that portrayal by calling witnesses to explain tsarnaev 's difficult upbringing .
the health and wealth of the ocean are assessed in a wwf report released thursday , reviving the ocean economy . the report is the result of a hard economic analysis performed by the boston consulting group built on a foundation of the latest ocean science provided by the global change institute of the university of queensland .
tehran and riyadh each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the middle east . in its most recent incarnation , the iranian-saudi conflict by proxy has reached yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic . for tehran and its regional allies , the saudi military intervention in yemen is the moment the sunni arab nation finally woke up to repel the expansion of shia-iranian influence . yet both sides have
a boatload of 900 migrants who embarked from libya are now feared dead in the latest sinking . over 10,000 were rescued off the coast of italy in the last week alone . many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from italy 's former colonies in north and east africa .
the u.s. is not where it needs to be and instead finds itself constantly responding to crises instead of heading them off because of the failure to prioritize long-term investment in special operations units in key partner nations . the trouble is that little of our foreign military financing -- including the recent counterterrorism partnership funds -- goes toward this vital facet in our efforts to counter extremism .
vidarbha , in the eastern region of maharashtra , is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis . more than 500 have died since the start of this year ; there are a number of reasons for the hopelessness among farmers . unseasonal rain and hail destroyed many crops earlier this year .
plane made emergency landing in buffalo , new york , on wednesday . passenger received medical attention before being released . federal aviation administration initially reported a pressurization problem . skywest also said there was no problem with the plane 's door , which some media initially reported . plane descended 28,000 feet in three minutes .
the city known for excess of everything -- drinking , eating , dancing in the street until all hours -- went smoke-free as tuesday became wednesday . the new orleans city council passed its ban against smoking in most places across the city -- including bars , casinos and restaurants . fines start at $ 50 .
the 10 inmates , from australia , france , ghana , the philippines , brazil , nigeria and indonesia , had their petitions for clemency denied by president joko widodo in late 2014 . the executions were planned for earlier this year but were postponed after several inmates filed separate legal challenges . the indonesian supreme court rejected reviews filed by french national serge atlaoui and ghanaian martin anderson .
comedian ricky gervais tweeted the photo with a question . in the past three days , his tweet has been retweeted almost 30,000 times . francis , who has appeared on the nbc sports network outdoor lifestyle show `` eye of the hunter , '' was the subject of an interview with huntinglife.com .
scott kelley , 50 , was taken into custody at the atlanta airport wednesday after arriving on a flight from costa rica . his wife , genevieve , who 's charged with the same crimes , turned herself in to authorities last year , just a few months after the case was featured on cnn 's `` the hunt '' .
the whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles -lrb- 22,500 kilometers -rrb- , according to a release from oregon state university . it left her primary feeding ground off russia 's sakhalin island to cross the pacific ocean and down the west coast of the united states to baja , mexico . the previous record was set by a humpback whale that swam a mere 10,190-mile round trip between the
the souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley , about 40 miles outside downtown boston , opened in 1998 , with a matrix of 366 cameras recording live 24 hours a day and a microwave detection perimeter with taut wire . legal advocates for inmates describe souza as sterile and violent at once .
adrianne haslet-davis and her husband , adam davis , were standing near the finish line on the day of the boston marathon bombing . her feet were sore from wearing 4.5-inch heels . she told a federal jury wednesday that `` we were so in love and happy together '' .
the women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements and activities restricted . the five members of china 's women 's rights action group were detained in beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou . the united states had urged china to free them , and the international community harshly criticized keeping the women in custody .
white house will celebrate earth day and promote its work to fend off climate change . james hansen , the former head of nasa 's goddard institute for space studies , said in 2013 that `` continued opposition to nuclear power threatens humanity 's ability to avoid dangerous climate change '' . epa 's modeling is divorced from reality .
in about five years , so many young americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers . maj , gen. allen batschelet , who is in charge of u.s. army recruiting command . obesity , he told me , `` is becoming a national security issue '' .
the samoas -lrb- now called `` caramel delites '' -rrb- is the most popular cookie , contains refined white flour , sugar , partially hydrogenated oil , and high fructose corn syrup . the first ingredient in those delites is sugar , but they also contain corn syrup , high fructose canola oil , another cookie ingredient , is of concern .
the #firebrittmchenry hashtag was already trending on twitter , where she was called everything from classist , class-less , and `` ugly on the inside '' to a `` sad , self-hating coward '' . mchenry quickly issued an apology , blaming the incident on a moment of intense frustration but admitting her mistake and accepting responsibility .
walter scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $ 18,000 in unpaid child support , according to court records . danny cevallos : skipping child support court should not be in the traditional sense , though states do criminalize it . he says it 's rightly a civil matter .
according to one female businesswoman in texas , hillary clinton should n't be president because her hormones might make her so irrational she 'll start an unnecessary war . if rios is concerned about hormones impacting decisions in the oval office , she 'd be better off worrying about the male candidates for president .
president barack obama explained u.s. foreign policy moves on iran and cuba , which friedman described as the `` obama doctrine '' . by capabilities , the president must mean the tools , whether diplomatic , economic or military , to protect and defend u interests . instead of the `` new beginning '' that the president outlined in his 2009 interview , the new beginning remains mired in a contradiction between principles and action on the ground .
robert bates , 73 , was a reserve deputy sheriff , which allowed him to `` work full time jobs in the community and volunteer ... time in a myriad of events such as the special olympics and tulsa state fair '' . he had taken part in more than 100 operations with the violent crimes task force , according to his lawyer .
hillary clinton 's campaign released a video announcement/campaign ad sunday afternoon that she will make women and being a woman central to her outreach . vox has posted a handy `` by the numbers '' for her campaign video , and there are 38 people besides clinton in the two-minute ad . this is all fine and predictable - if you acknowledge that the proportion of men who vote in every presidential election since 1980 . but in reality , she does n't have to wonder if a woman-
rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his two signature issues : immigration reform and cuba relations . unless he can offer new ideas , his climb to the republican nomination will be steep . instead , rubio says he favors a piecemeal approach , starting with securing the border .
madylin sweeten , best known for his role geoffrey barone , was born in may 1995 in brownwood , texas . he was weeks away from his 20th birthday . the show was about the adults , and the children , especially the twins , had bit parts , adorable cameo moments .
the nfl launched an investigation into the patriots to determine why 11 of the 12 game balls they provided for the afc championship game were underinflated . in january , the league hired attorney ted wells -- who also investigated the miami dolphins bullying scandal -- to run the investigation . on monday , cnn reached out to wells and the nfl for an update on the investigation but has not heard back .
london metropolitan police said the thieves appeared to have gained access to the vault of hatton garden safe deposit ltd through the shaft of an elevator that is used by several businesses in the building . the thieves disabled the elevator on the second floor of the building -- which would be the same as the third floor in the united states -- then climbed down the elevator shaft into the basement . a former police official in london has speculated that the loss could run to 200 million pounds , or 300 million dollars .
london 's jewelry district said they knew a burglar alarm went off but did n't respond . southern monitoring alarm company called the metropolitan police service . the call was recorded and transferred to the police 's cad -lrb- computer-aided dispatch -rrb- system . the theft was so big that police have n't come up with a value for what was stolen .
the 42-year-old actress and star of the hit tv sitcom `` modern family '' split from businessman nick loeb in may 2014 . loeb is suing the colombian-born actress to prevent vergara from destroying their two embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization . the suit does n't identify the names of the actual litigants .
on april 20 , 2010 , a final cement seal of an oil well in the gulf of mexico failed , causing what has been called the worst environmental disaster in u.s. history . for 87 straight days , oil and methane gas spewed from an uncapped wellhead , 1 mile below the surface of the ocean . the federal government estimated 4.2 million barrels of oil spilled into the gulf , but bp argued in court that it was much lower . a judge ruled bp
kenyan interior minister joseph nkaissery said the university will be able to confirm saturday if everyone has been accounted for . thursday 's attack by al-shabaab militants killed 147 people , including 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel . the find sparked an additional search of the building .
italian authorities launched a `` vast anti-terrorism operation '' friday . some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with osama bin laden before his death in pakistan in 2011 , wiretaps showed . wiretaps and other intelligence revealed that the group planned to carry out terrorist attacks in afghanistan and italy .
the outfit , a gray two-piece ensemble , was sold at an auction in beverly hills , california , on saturday . it was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of `` gone with the wind '' memorabilia on sale in the auction . they come from the huge collection amassed by james tumblin , who used to work at universal studios .
in zaria , a team of students from the ahmadu bello university are applying the final touches to the `` abucar 2 '' . the compact creation , which was built over five months , will travel to the netherlands in may to compete in the european leg of this year 's shell eco-marathon .
ashish thakkar started small with a little computer shop that kept him busy after leaving school at 15 . these days , his mara group spans over 20 countries and he 's been called `` africa 's youngest billionaire '' . the powerful duo raised $ 325 million through a share flotation - well above the $ 250 million target .
brazilian police arrested joao vaccari neto at his home in sao paulo . vaccari faces charges of corruption and money laundering . former executives who have turned state 's evidence claim construction companies paid large sums under the table to petrobras officials and politicians . anger over what has ballooned into a multi-million dollar corruption scandal has eroded rousseff 's approval rating .
hillary clinton 's online declaration for president means the focus will now shift to the campaign and to what kind of president she might be . nowhere will the speculation be greater than in the area of foreign policy , certain to be a major issue in the upcoming campaign . clinton will have to negotiate and traverse several tricky and rocky paths to ensure that her state department career remains an advantage .
the president is headed to panama for a regional summit , and julie pace of the associated press reports one of the big questions is whether he 'll make history and have a face-to-face meeting with cuban leader raul castro . with the launch , jonathan martin of the new york times reports , will come a carefully orchestrated effort to reintroduce clinton -- with an emphasis on her childhood and her earlier work on children 's issues .
the agency said it was evaluating the spectacular nighttime eruption , but indicated it was `` stronger than the first one '' . a 12-mile -lrb- 20 kilometer -rrb- exclusion zone was established around the crater . military and police forces were assisting with the evacuations of more than 4,400 residents .
koreans , drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like . but when someone offers you a glass of soju , it 's an invitation that means that they want to listen to you . drinking is such a big part of korean life that seoul traffic is said to correspond with the city 's drinking culture .
gov. mike pence issued an order in march for scott county , which then had 79 confirmed cases of hiv since mid-december . the increase has been linked to injection drug use , primarily of the prescription opioid opana . officials expect more cases as more individuals are tested , particularly because it can take up to three months for hiv to appear in a person 's system after initial infection .
a - being a global leader in imprisoning the highest number of human beings - its own citizens . it 's an obvious answer . but the unfortunate reality is that the united states leads the world in incarceration , not education . our country has shown time and again a nearly unlimited capacity to reinvent itself and move closer to the ideals on which our society was founded .
tapper is the next anchor of cnn 's sunday morning political interview program `` state of the union '' . he will take over the program in june ; he 'll remain the channel 's chief washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast `` the lead '' . among his peers , tapper is seen as an authority on politics , something a program like `` the state '' demands .
the airstrikes thursday targeted rebel positions in three parts of sanaa . the attacks caused no casualties , but did destroy all three military compounds . saudi arabia announced the end of its air campaign against houthi positions . the saudis say they want to restore the yemeni government .
the frantic 911 call came just as the alaska airlines flight had taken off from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon . the caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane 's cargo hold . the pilot radioed air traffic control and said he would make an emergency landing .
authorities detained the women in three cities -- beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou -- a few days ahead of events planned for international women 's day on march 8 . protesters in several cities have called for their release and taken to social media with the phrase `` free the five '' as a hashtag . amnesty international said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum prison term of five years .
hillary clinton opened a long communications campaign not only to `` rebrand '' herself but to completely reframe who she is . many in the press and on late-night television scratched their heads this week ; others were scathing . since the media will likely be the stand-in primary opponent for hillary , their belief in her authenticity is a critical factor in whether she can reframe herself in voter 's eyes .
the united states has unveiled details about its proposal to reduce u.s. greenhouse gas emissions by 26 % to 28 % below 2005 levels by 2025 . this common-sense and achievable plan to decarbonize the economy will result in significant cost savings from cleaner technologies . china unveiled its intent to peak its carbon emissions around 2030 and to double its share of zero-carbon energy to 20 % .
ahmed farouq died in a u.s. counterterrorism airstrike in january . he was the deputy emir of al qaeda in the indian subcontinent , or aqis . the branch made its presence known in september 2014 , when militants infiltrated pakistan 's navy and tried to hijack one of its ships .
kagoshima district court found no `` irrationalities '' in new safety standards set out by the government in the wake of the 2011 fukushima meltdowns . by dismissing resident 's demands , the court ruled that the sendai nuclear power plant could restart . the first of two reactors is scheduled to go back online in july .
sissa abu dahou was forced to fend for herself in egypt 's patriarchal south , where decades ago it was unheard of for women to earn their own living . the grandmother of two has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative muslim state .
director david ayer gave us the first full look at jared leto . the oscar winner cut his hair and shaved his face for the role . he will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since the late heath ledger . the movie hits theaters august 5 , 2016 .
the massachusetts senator is the same potentate to whom hillary clinton has been religiously prostrating . warren has publicly criticized so-called `` fast track '' trade authority that would allow the white house to negotiate massive , multination trade deals with little congressional oversight . the authority would pave the way for trade pacts such as the trans-pacific partnership , which is modeled on the north american free trade agreement .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is accused of killing and maiming children and adults indiscriminately . prosecutors have listed , as they must , the aggravating circumstances that make this horrific mass murderer deserve the harshest punishment . tsarnaev displayed both cruelty really provides us a lens into the worst of the worst .
` the dark knight returns ' published in 1986 , is widely credited for resurrecting batman in pop culture . now popular comic book writer frank miller is returning to his best-known story . `` batman remains my favorite comic book hero and a sequel to dark knight is going to be daunting , '' said miller in a press release .
five nursing students were killed in the wednesday morning crash as they were traveling to a hospital in savannah . fellow nursing students brittney mcdaniel and megan richards were injured as was another person , who was not identified by the georgia state patrol . clinicals include hands-on instruction at a health care facility .
molly schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks , three baked potatoes , three side salads , three shrimp cocktails -- far outpacing her heftier rivals . the nebraska native , 35 , is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit and once gobbled 363 chicken wings in 30 minutes .
the jury foreperson announced the first-degree murder conviction in the 2013 shooting death of hernandez 's onetime friend odin lloyd . lesa strachan said she was struck by the viciousness of multiple gunshots . the 25-year-old defendant has now gone from a $ 40 million pro-football contract to a term of life without parole in a maximum-security prison .
warren weinstein was accidentally killed in a u.s. drone strike in january . the 73-year-old development expert appears to have been the only american held hostage by al qaeda . a senior pakistani official told cnn that weinstein 's capture , either directly to pakistan , made it hard for the united states to negotiate .
homeopathic medicine is based on the idea that `` like cures like , '' meaning if something causes a symptom in your body , if you take a diluted form , it will boost your body 's ability to fight it . critics say the current fda system is a good one and that the products available today are of high quality .
nearly 2 1/2 million americans are in prison . most disturbingly , 40 % of our country 's prisoners are african-americans , who only make up 13 % of the general population . the federal criminal code includes over 4,500 laws and counting , not to mention government regulations for which there are criminal penalties .
one of us is a college student , while the other is a former congressman from south carolina and father of five children . we share an unwavering belief that the united states must lead the world on climate change and seize opportunities for unity , growth and progress . we believe that president kennedy 's courageous leadership in space exploration holds lessons that can help us forward .
larry johnson was flying with his brother , his girlfriend and his 8-month-old son when he says a flight attendant came over the speaker asking for someone who was medically trained to help with a sick passenger . minutes later , johnson says , the attendant announced there was a pressurization problem and told passengers to prepare for the emergency landing . three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight .
the captors , who never referred to themselves as `` al qaeda , '' began demanding prisoners be released in exchange for weinstein 's release . the militants also wanted the release of local militants who hailed from the pakistani province of waziristan , the source said . the men on the other end of the phone spoke pashto with an accent typical for the border region .
the cases have all occurred in nigeria 's ondo state since april 13 . those affected are between the ages of 25 and 60 . symptoms include headaches , blurred vision , loss of sight and unconsciousness . doctors plan to carry out toxicological tests on one of the victims who died in a hospital .
the planet has been mapped , circumnavigated , measured and tagged in every way imaginable . but there are still adventurers exploring forgotten corners of the globe , and some find astonishing things . one such explorer is part magellan , part indiana jones , who has spent much of his 60 years beneath a hot sun at excavations .
kim will be in the russian capital for may 9 victory day celebrations . this would mark kim 's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of north korea in late 2011 . last month , a russian official speaking on condition of anonymity told cnn that the invitation was accepted .
the sum total of television programming , beer advertising , political grandstanding and opportunistic marketing suggests that the historical legacy of australia 's involvement in the first world war boils down to a simple equation : young -lrb- man plus distant beach equals sacrifice -rrb- . to widen the scope of historical tribute , and also recall the words and deeds of the australian men and women who fought against the prescribed route of militaristic sentiment , is to risk being branded disrespectful and divisive .
giovanni lo porto worked with the german aid organization welthungerlife , a 53-year-old group dedicated to fighting hunger and poverty worldwide . his work and his life came to a halt on january 19 , 2012 when four armed men burst into the building where he lived and abducted him along with colleague bernd muehlenbeck . the native of the sicilian city of palermo died along with a fellow al qaeda hostage , american warren
netanyahu made the request at president reuven rivlin 's jerusalem home . `` we have made progress and are on the way to forming a government , '' netanyahu said . last month , netanyahu 's likud party snared 30 of the 120 seats in the knesset .
journalist and author sandra mackey died sunday , her son said . she was an undercover reporter working for u.s. newspapers from saudi arabia as her husband , dr. dan mackey , worked in a riyadh hospital . her book `` passion and politics : the turbulent world of the arabs '' helped bridge gaps in understanding between arabs and americans .
earthquakes are a fact of life in the south asian country , with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year . with the last major earthquake in 1934 , the concern was not if , but when the next `` great '' earthquake would hit . in a landlocked country like nepal , where infrastructure is fragile to begin with , the consequences of such an earthquake had the potential to be `` much more serious '' .
the investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information that led officials to believe a possible plot could be in the works . it 's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational . the exact nature of the threat could n't be learned . some cities around the united states have increased their security as a precaution .
sabeen mahmud locked up the second floor cafe in karachi for the night . two gunman shot her dead at point-blank range late friday . mahmud 's exuberant exercise of it made her stick out nationwide . she had become a pakistani figurehead for humanism , love and tolerance .
the hunky character played by patrick dempsey died on thursday night . he was n't shot down over the sea of japan , nor did a helicopter fall on his head . instead , he died following a car crash after helping victims of another accident . dempsey still has a year left on his contract .
former new england patriots tight end aaron hernandez was convicted of first-degree murder in the 2013 slaying of odin lloyd . he walked into court with an air of bravado , his head held high like the $ 40 million , nfl superstar he was just a couple of years ago . his own attorney , james sultan , admitted that herndegree `` witnessed '' the killing of lloyd , but said his client did not commit the crime .
fadime gurgen , 55 , says her family has had close friendships with armenians going back generations . ninety-one percent of turks do not believe the events of 1915 -- when , according to armenian , 1.5 million ethnic armenenians were systematically killed in the final years of the ottoman empire . it 's a sentiment shared by the turkish government , which denies that a genocide took place , maintaining that hundreds of thousands of turkish muslim
fethiye cetin discovered her armenian ancestry at the age of 9 . she was separated from her brother , adopted by the officer and fed the first warm meal they had in days . heranus and her family were among a massive stream of women and children being forcibly marched by ottoman soldiers .
more than one million armenians were killed during the last days of the ottoman empire . the turks continue to deny that ethnic cleansing occurred , saying the leaders had no choice but to deport them from their homes and put them on the road that led to their deaths . pope francis recently called `` the first genocide of the 20th century '' .
bimpe nkontchou is a british-nigerian wealth manager based in london . her research shows that over the past three years africans have spent over $ 900 million on luxury residential property in the capital . their investments are expected to gain even bigger value in the coming years .
former olympic champion bruce jenner told abc 's diane sawyer and the world on friday night that `` yes , for all intents and purposes , i 'm a woman '' . paparazzi have been stalking the former champion for months , breathlessly documenting his increasingly feminine appearance down to his lip gloss , pierced ears and french manicure . his family owned the moment , being the reality tv mavens they are -- the jenners and the k
fritz bauer , the german-jewish attorney general of hessen , expressed the simple hope that `` sooner or later , one of the accused would step forward and say : ` what took place -- it was horrific , i 'm sorry ' . then the entire world would exhale , as would all the survivors of those killed at auschwitz , and the air would be cleared . sadly , bauer observed , `` it has not been uttered , nor will it be '' .
in the west , isis is widely known for its terrorist actions . but for some communities , the group is picking up garbage and directing traffic . the video is at the top of this story . cnn 's richard roth asks about a sweet tradition that 's leaving some with a bitter taste .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on the cnn student news roll call . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the next show .
protesters have vowed they 'll keep taking to the streets until they get justice . to start , protesters say they 're looking for answers about what happened to freddie gray , and why . but it seems like the questions in the controversial case just keep growing . another march is planned for saturday .
a 14-year-old boy was taken into custody after encouraging an attack on an australian parade honoring the war dead . the teenager , arrested in blackburn , lancashire , was not named `` because of legal reasons '' . he was charged with two counts of inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism overseas .
nepal has also made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years . in fact , i remember a time just last may when i sat with a group of mothers and their tiny babies as they told me how proud they were that they had . so you can imagine the indescribable sadness i experienced waking up this morning and seeing the news reports that nepal had been hit by its worst earthquake since 1934 .
the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in houston on april 8 . parents danielle and adam and big sister blayke are now a family of eight . the babies are named ava lane , hazel grace , olivia marie , parker kate and riley paige .
dr. mark caruso is one of more than 44 million americans taking part in a medical ritual : visiting the doctor for an annual physical exam . vega , a strapping man with a thick black beard , is feeling good , but he came to see the doctor today because his wife thought he should -- she even made the appointment . it is free to him under his insurance policy with no co-pay , as most preventive care is under the affordable care act .
the suit , filed in u.s. district court in washington , argues that those guidelines go too far and are too vague . they violate the first amendment because they pre-emptively restrict free speech and exceed the scope of the tobacco control act . the companies claim the administration does not comment on litigation .
the file sharing website is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video `` me at the zoo '' was uploaded on april 23 , 2005 . the site gets billions of views every day and the most popular youtube channels draw larger audiences than many tv networks . in 2015 , youtube is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in `` youtube spaces '' .
psychologists john kounios and mark beeman 's book `` the eureka factor '' explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after `` aha ! '' moment . they are processed mostly in the brain 's right hemisphere . insights occur when a subconscious remote association suddenly pops into awareness .
the hashtag #kyliejennerchallenge has been trending on twitter in recent days , with posters showing off the often disturbing results of their efforts . but now we have twitter and hashtags , so these things seem to somehow involve a member of the kardashian clan . used to be , youtube would teach the kiddos how to put on eyeliner or style their hair like a favorite star .
richard corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke . his all-time top 100 movies list contained everything from `` pulp fiction '' to `` finding nemo '' to jackie chan 's `` drunken master ii '' . he also did n't care much for sentimental , uplifting movies that often become mainstream hits and win oscars .
robert downey jr. and jeremy renner found themselves in hot water wednesday over comments they made in a similar junket interview . when asked by digital spy about the character black widow 's flirtations with the other superheroes , renner responded `` she 's a slut , '' and evans , laughing , added that she is a `` complete whore '' . by thursday , both actors apologized .
geoffrey lewis , 79 , died tuesday , family friend michael henderson said . he began his long association with eastwood in `` high plains drifter '' . he also appeared with the actor in `` thunderbolt and lightfoot '' -lrb- 1973 -rrb- .
netflix confirmed tuesday that a second season will be coming in 2016 . the show focuses on attorney matt murdock -lrb- played by charlie cox -rrb- who was blinded as a child , as he fights injustice by day using the law . by night , he continues the fight , becoming the superhero daredevil and using his powers to protect the new york neighborhood of hell 's kitchen .
david ayer is directing the feature , which already boasts actors jared leto as the joker , will smith as deadshot and margot robbie as harley quinn . also in the lineup are joel kinnaman , cara delevingne , viola david , adam beach , ike barinholtz , adewale akinnuoye-agbaje and scott eastwood . common is currently on screen with warners ' liam
fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic to be directed , executive-produced and choreographed by kenneth ortega . the project , tentatively titled `` the rocky horror picture show event , '' is casting-contingent . the special will be filmed in advance and not air live , but few details beyond that are known .
alice barker was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s . there were motion pictures made of barker , but she had never seen any of them . her photographs and memorabilia had all been lost over the years .
david chase went through the famous final scene for dga quarterly and revealed the reasoning behind each shot . chase 's details are a master class on how to build tension in a seemingly nondescript situation , however . he picks a song on the jukebox : journey 's `` do n't stop believin ' '' .
an internal inquiry by the tulsa county sheriff 's office in 2009 concluded that reserve deputy robert bates was shown special treatment . bates is the volunteer deputy who fatally shot suspect eric harris instead of stunning him with a taser on april 2 . an attorney for bates , clark o. brewster , told cnn 's anderson cooper that he disputed the findings in the report and maintained that his client had the proper training .
the chase , which took farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the hudson river , ended with `` snipers '' from the animals ' farm gunning down the buffalo from the side of the road . the bull of the heard weighed over 1,300 pounds and a collision with a car could easily have been fatal .
robert champion , 26 , died in november 2011 after a band hazing ritual in which he was beaten aboard a school bus . a jury deliberated about 2 1/2 hours before returning guilty verdicts against benjamin mcnamee , 25 ; aaron golson , 22 ; and darryl cearnel , 28 . until then , they 'll be held in the county jail .
cathay pacific was forced to cancel a scheduled flight from london to hong kong after one of the pilots was arrested . the pilot , who has not been identified , was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on saturday night . he was then taken into custody at a local police station where he was later bailed and ordered to return in may pending an investigation .
earthquake struck around midday on saturday in the lalitpur district of kathmandu . hundreds of people were already confirmed dead , not to mention the hundreds who suffered injuries . anderson , an american who was in nepal for trekking and meditation , was in his hotel room when the quake struck .
the buddae-jjigae -- or `` army stew '' as it 's often called -- dates back to the scarce years of the korean war when local cooks had to get inventive with u.s. army rations . while jiigae can refer to any variety of stews , this particular version just happens to feature a variety of canned , precooked meat , most notably spam in all its glazed and gelatinous glory .
the tsa 's aviation security advisory committee said that full employee screening would not `` appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection '' . full physical screening of employees also `` is incapable of determining a person 's motivations , attitudes and capabilities to cause harm , among other limitations '' . only two major airports in the u.s. -- miami and orlando -- require employees to be screened through metal detectors .
the old process was in violation of the fifth amendment 's guarantee of due process . the decision was part of an american civil liberties union lawsuit brought on behalf of 13 americans on the list . but the aclu is n't satisfied with the government 's new policy , outlined in documents filed monday in federal courts in oregon and virginia .
betty whitehead willis played a major role in creating some of the most memorable neon work in the city . born about 50 miles outside of las vegas in overton , she attended art school in pasadena , california , before returning home . today it can be found on everything from t-shirts to refrigerator magnets .
amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company , snapped the lucky shot . in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice . families will have to find a new way to cheer up mourners , because the strippers are the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice .
anthony doerr 's `` all the light we can not see '' won the pulitzer prize for fiction monday . the novel centered on the world war ii bombing of st.-malo , france , and two characters on opposite sides of the war . it 's his second novel and fourth work of fiction , including two short story collections .
melissa atkins wardy , author of `` redefining girly , '' heard from a frustrated mom on facebook , she wanted to buy `` big hero 6 '' fabric . the fabric did n't include two of the heroes from the movie : the female characters , honey lemon and gogo . veronica decided to send an email to springs creative , the company that makes the fabric , saying that as a woman and an engineer she was offended .
this is three of an ongoing series : a catholic reads the bible . lot is the central character in the grim story of sodom and gomorrah 's demise in chapter 19 . in the preceding chapter , abraham asks god to agree that if he can find 10 good people in the town , god wo n't smite it .
mark goodacre is a professor of new testament and christian origins in the department of religious studies at duke university . he was one of many on-camera experts on cnn 's `` finding jesus '' facebook page during the season finale about mary magdalene . he also appeared in each episode of the program .
the couple had a little fun with the name coincidence and posed by a burger king restaurant sign for a photo . they were invited on skype on monday to learn of a surprise : burger king will pay for their whole wedding . burger king , now 24 , and ashley king , 23 , met in kindergarten and grew up together in new berlin .
vijay chokal-ingam , who is of indian descent , is pitching a book about his experiences as a `` hard-partying college frat boy who discovered the seriousness and complexity of america 's racial problems while posing as a black man . he says he hatched the plan in 1998 after realizing his grades were n't going to be good enough to get into med school as an indian-american .
kinnelon police officers mark ehrenburg and ricky ferriola cut the seat belt from her , then dragged the woman 's limp body away from the crash to start emergency medical care . not a minute later , flames licked out of the car . all three were lucky to escape the flames .
president obama promised to use the word `` genocide '' to describe the 1915 massacre by turks of armenians . in 2006 , after the u.s. ambassador to armenia was asked to resign for using the term armenian genocide , then-sen . now , as was the case with bush , obama regards turkey -- the only muslim majority country in nato -- as a crucial ally when it comes to syria , isis , iran and other middle east issues
climate experts say we risk fundamentally changing life on this planet if we do cross that 2-degree mark . yet for all of its importance , i do n't think the threshold is as famous as it should be . until 5 p.m. et monday , you can vote on the first story i 'll report for the series .
in ohio , we have been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues that have held our state back in the past -- social services , criminal justice , economic competiveness , infrastructure . we 've gone from 89 cents in our rainy day fund and an $ 8 billion shortfall to now having one of the nation 's strongest state budgets and a nearly $ 2 billion surplus .
how can the people in iowa and new hampshire get to know the `` real hillary , '' the midwestern methodist ? -lrb- as a friend told me , she 's someone who `` likes to sing ` god bless america ' on new year 's eve '' . -rrb- and how to open the minds of people about someone already has an opinion about ? no doubt , that the staff asked in 2008 when she ran against the newbie barack ob
nearly 6 in 10 americans say that businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would all other customers . that 's a shift from a pew research center poll conducted last fall which found just 49 % thought businesses ought to be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons . since the pew poll last fall , indiana 's religious freedom restoration act , signed into law in late march by republican governor mike pence , sparked a nationwide
nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution . `` seventy-two hours notification means three days , at least , to go to the execution . it may be longer . in other words , there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification , '' tony spontana said .
the tom selleck drama concludes its two-part season finale , although its future is in question . sheldon and leonard 's moms are back on `` the big bang theory , '' and that ought to make for one of the best episodes this season . scarlett johannsson is the host , the day after her new blockbuster `` avengers '' movie opens nationwide .
dr. kristen lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby 's head and posted a proud photo this week on facebook of herself smiling , as she dangled its limp body by the arrow 's shaft . callers rang the phones hot at washington county 's animal clinic to vent their outrage . then an animal rescuer said that the pet was probably not a feral cat but the pet of an elderly couple , who called him `` tiger '' . l
five people were initially reported missing , but one of them has since been rescued , the coast guard said . more than 100 sailboats took part in the dauphin island race and as many as 50 people in all were rescued from the water . besides overturned sailboats , one vessel hit a bridge .
the devastating earthquake that hit nepal on saturday set off avalanches that left large numbers of climbers dead , missing or trapped on mount everest . aftershocks , including a strong one sunday , are continuing to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside , complicating rescue efforts .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fight in las vegas on may 2 . the cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $ 1,500 but demand for the fight is such that some seats could fetch as much as $ 11,000 . kenny bayless has been named as the referee of next month 's fight .
st. louis police have charged ronald williams , 21 , with assault . a 15-year-old has also been arrested , according to authorities . there had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime because the victim was white and the people who attacked him were black . but that wo n't be happening .
residents of kathmandu sure do n't . you can see some structural damage to buildings , but it 's not as visual as the haiti earthquake -lrb- of 2010 -rrb- . there are probably 100 people in there . the guests are in a big tent used for functions on the lawn . so people are outside in the rain with no shelter .
jon `` bones '' jones is wanted for `` his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident '' . a pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident , police said . police stressed that they can not confirm whether jones was involved in the crash .
in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice , but is now the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice . another report suggested another motivation : that the performances `` add to the fun '' . china 's ministry of culture issued a statement thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases .
dzhokhar tsarnaev 's defense team began what could be a two-week campaign to avoid the death penalty . `` no punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime on the survivors and the victims ' families , '' attorney david bruck said . bruck told jurors there are only two punishments for them to choose from : death , or life in prison without any possibility of parole .
in the past few days , news from the network of friends and family across the world came in that 20 new dots needed to be scratched in -- for the 20 friends who 'd drowned off the shores of italy . for the camp 's 10,000 residents , this is supposed to be just the first stop on their journey to resettlement through the united nations . many say it 's been years and they 're tired of waiting for those willing to pay , there 's another route to a
the 73-year-old american aid worker had been accidentally killed in a u.s. drone strike targeting al qaeda . his wife said she was still searching for details about his whereabouts and pushed for his release . his employer , virginia-based consulting firm j.e. austin associates inc. , described him as a world-renowned development expert .
a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued from friday to monday , according to the italian coast guard . on tuesday , a spokesman with save the children said the group fears 400 migrants could be missing , citing testimony from survivors who said their ship capsized in the mediterranean sea about 80 miles off the libyan coast . there has been a rising wave of desperate migrants from africa and middle east hoping to make it to europe .
kathmandu was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years . death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs , inexorably . communications are down and so many here are desperate to make it out to their stricken families . neighbors stare forlornly at their former homes , now collapsed piles of rubble .
on july 20 , 2012 , a gunman opened fire on the audience at the century aurora 16 multiplex theater in aurora , colorado . twelve people were killed and 70 were injured . on monday , shooting suspect james holmes goes on trial for 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder .
no one was injured in the shooting , and no arrests have been made . officers were called to a parking lot in atlanta 's buckhead neighborhood . they arrived at 3:25 a.m. and located two tour buses that had been shot multiple times . witnesses provided a limited description of the two vehicles suspected to be involved : a `` corvette style vehicle '' and an suv .
india began planning a massive cross-border aid mission within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake . with each hour , the scale of the devastation in nepal became clearer -- some 3,862 people are known to have died so far . on sunday alone , india delivered 187 tons of supplies , including 50 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine .
the peacemakers -- clergy , gray 's family and brave residents -- placed themselves in the rioters ' way . their message was the same . but the messengers were a finger in a dam that quickly crumbled , as rowdy groups swelled into a full urban riot . it overshadowed the message peaceful protesters delivered on prior days -- justice for gray .
the woman is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd , smacking him in the head repeatedly , and screaming at him . as he tries to walk away , she follows him , screaming , `` get the f -- over here ! '' eventually , he turns toward her , his face no longer covered . but police commissioner anthony batts thanked her in remarks to the media .
irwin horwitz , an instructional associate professor in the university 's department of maritime administration , said he had finally reached a breaking point . in the email to students , horwitz said that students spread hurtful rumors about him , his wife and colleagues , and that he felt the need for police protection in class .
arthur baldwin , 29 , was arrested at a woman 's residence in southeast washington . he has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended , the secret service said . baldwin is assigned to the foreign missions branch , according to u.s. secret service spokesman brian leary .
more than 9,000 injured . eight million affected across nepal . some of the grim figures are likely to get even worse as hopes of rescuing any more survivors diminish every hour . as the country coped with the fallout of the quake , another natural disaster struck tuesday afternoon in a popular trekking area north of kathmandu .
the main highway that heads east out of kathmandu shows massive cracks . one lane is bisected by gaping , half-meter -lrb- 1.5 feet -rrb- fissures . it takes an age , though picking our way along damaged roads to a small village community , ravi opi .
nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women tuesday in the sambisa forest , the nigerian armed forces announced on its official twitter account . the armed forces could not immediately confirm if any of the rescued girls were among the 200 schoolgirls the militant group boko haram kidnapped in april 2014 . the 2014 mass abduction from chibok led to an international social media movement , #bringbackourgirls , to rescue them .
the nepali pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series when the magnitude-7 .8 earthquake broke out . the team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets , surveying destruction to homes and historic sites . for their next prank based on nepal 's ban on plastic bags , ashish prasai and akash sedai were in jawalakhel , sedai said in an email to cnn .
south korean prime minister lee wan-koo offered to resign on monday . he has transferred his role of chairing cabinet meetings to the deputy prime minister for the time being . park heard about the resignation and called it `` regrettable '' . lee and seven other politicians with links to the south korean president are under investigation .
robert downey jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a british journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie downey was there to promote . the journalist instead started asking personal questions about the actor 's political beliefs and `` dark periods '' of addiction and jail time .
sonit awal was at home in muldhoka , bhaktapur , when the 7.8-magnitude quake sent tremors through nepal and neighboring countries . his face was exposed during the whole ordeal , though a hooded top and shawl protected his head and body during the cold night spent under rubble .
sen. bernie sanders of vermont could make an announcement within days , reports cnn 's nia-malika henderson . sanders has been exploring a run for months , and was a hit this weekend at a big south carolina democratic event . few think vice president joe biden is willing to risk a third losing bid for the democratic presidential nomination .
the 10 were arrested in swat , a district of pakistan 's khyber pakhtunkhwa province , pakistani army spokesman maj. gen. asim bajwa said last september . that was nearly two years after the then 15-year-old yousafzai -- who was despised by taliban militants for her outspoken support of girls ' right to an education .
residents in melamchi , central nepal , stand on the distinctive steeply terraced hillsides and wave furiously as the relief flight passes overhead . the mission , a joint effort between indian air crew and a nepalese army medical team , is only the third of its kind to reach the village since saturday 's massive 7.8-magnitude quake . some 18,000 houses were destroyed and 100,000 people have been displaced in the surrounding area .
a majority of them are nepalese , indian and chinese residents , but a handful are adventurers , trekkers and vacationers who have not been heard from since the catastrophe . technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries , ask for help and search for their missing loved ones . on cnn ireport , dozens of people have filed reports pleading for information that might help them locate their missing friends and relatives .
the executions will result in short to medium term frictions between canberra and jakarta at the highest levels . those sympathetic to the dilemma faced by indonesia 's president joko widodo will argue that he was politically bound to allow the executions to take place . the widespread australian perception is that the president owed his power to pdi-p chairperson and former president megawati sukarnoputri .
the death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times . but to kill two people who had clearly made the most of their long periods of incarceration to transform themselves and make amends for their actions looks gratuitous and cruel . indonesia 's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states -- or , more accurately , to those who control the coercive apparatus of the state .
the state 's attorney 's decision on whether to file charges against the six officers involved in the arrest will not be immediate . no reports will be made public , police commissioner anthony batts said , echoing an assertion he made last week that even after the prosecutors receive the files , the task force assigned to gray 's death will continue investigating .
a man and a woman had been arrested in the frankfurt-area town of oberursel on suspicion of planning a boston-style attack . the suspected target , according to florian flade , was a race planned for friday . police recovered a pipe bomb ready to be used , 100 rounds of 9mm ammunition , a gun , the essential parts of a g-3 assault rifle and 3 liters of hydrogen peroxide .
a large crowd erupted in cheers as pemba tamang was carried out on a stretcher . he was wearing a new york shirt and a blue neck brace , was blanketed by dust and had the look of a deer in the headlights . rescuers had been working for five hours to locate tamang after they heard his voice coming from under the debris .
marilyn mosby , 35 , faces what is likely to be the toughest case of her nascent career -- deciding whether criminal charges should be filed against baltimore police officers in the controversial death of freddie gray . gray , 25 , died in police custody from a fatal spinal cord injury , one week after he was arrested . six officers involved in his arrest have been suspended with pay pending an investigation .
kim bok-dong was a 14-year-old girl when the japanese came to her village in korea . she says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl should ever have to do . she is determined to share her story with anyone who will listen .
the walkout occurred wednesday on the set of `` the ridiculous six '' near las vegas , new mexico . the script called for native women 's names such as `` beaver 's breath '' and `` no bra '' and an actress portraying an apache woman to squat and urinate while smoking a peace pipe .
the address marks the first time in history that the head of the japanese government will address the entire u.s. congress . so far , prime minister abe 's appearance has garnered much less attention than last month 's speech to congress by israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu .
cnn cameraman parading isis flags in a valley not far to the south of kabul . they are the first images of their kind shot by western media inside afghanistan . one u.s. military officer said the militants currently have limited capability but are trying to recruit disillusioned taliban in several areas around the country 's east and south .
les moonves ' waiter , gabriel salvador , was the one serving up a mouthwatering opportunity that had nothing to do with the shrimp diavolo . instead , he was offering moonves an `` in '' to the most coveted match-up in boxing : floyd mayweather vs. manny pacquiao .
judge jerry baxter said of the sentences he handed down to the three defendants april 14 : `` i 'm not comfortable with it '' . baxter had come under fire from some community leaders for giving prison sentences to eight teachers and administrators . they 'd been accused of taking part in an effort to raise tests scores at struggling schools by erasing wrong answers and putting in correct answers .
the comic book 's psylocke was created by chris claremont and herb trimpe for the british `` captain britain '' series . munn will join a cast that includes james mcavoy , michael fassbender and jennifer lawrence in the movie .
blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the indianapolis metropolitan police department -lrb- impd -rrb- . in a statement , the department said the change is being made as part of its constant effort to ensure `` accountability , professionalism and transparency '' . as police departments around the country see more protests over the use of lethal force , impd officials acknowledge that this is a time of `` increased scrutiny of police operations and tactics '' .
congolese immigrant tarsis mboma thale has a small business selling t-shirts in johannesburg , south africa . thale 's job normally requires him to walk the streets of the city he has called home for the past few years . at the moment , he says , this is not an option because he is simply too afraid .
iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian . mahmoud ahmadinejad , the former president of iran , famously said during a 2007 trip to the united states , `` we do n't have homosexuals , like in your country '' . others have been pressured to undergo gender reassignment .
the '' avengers '' character -lrb- played by jeremy renner -rrb- was a guest on `` the tonight show starring jimmy fallon , '' where he got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills . he crooned to a reworked version of `` thinking out loud '' . nope , thor would definitely thump him in a fight .
marion `` suge '' knight pleaded not guilty thursday to murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run in january . his attorney asked the court to further reduce knight 's bail , now set at $ 10 million , but los angeles county judge ronald coen denied the request . knight , 49 , faces up to life in prison if convicted .
the awards are set to be handed out june 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on cbs -lrb- tape-delayed on the west coast -rrb- . past tony winner and three-time nominee mary-louise parker unveiled the nominees with bruce willis . the full list of nominees is below .
jared leto 's interpretation of the joker is an internet sensation . set for release august 5 , 2016 , `` suicide squad '' is based on the dc comics series and also stars will smith , margot robbie and viola davis . twitter users got their first look at leto in character friday night , and the memes started almost immediately .
the uber private rapper/entrepreneur broke out of his usually reserved social media shell over the weekend to defend the performance of his new music streaming service , tidal . using the hashtag #tidalfacts , he attempted to refute talk that the company has been doing a less than stellar job in taking on competitor spotify .
universal announced thursday that the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on feb. 10 , 2017 . the third film in the series will debut february 9 , 2018 . niall leonard , who is married and has two sons with the british author , will write the script for the second film .
bullock , 50 , joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor , including last year 's cover girl , lupita nyong ` o and gwyneth paltrow in 2013 . the cover story focuses on bullock 's home life with her son , louis , 5 , and her efforts to stay healthy and fit past her 40s .
hawking has partnered with the silly lads of monty python to recreate the signature `` galaxy song '' from their 1983 film `` the meaning of life '' . the collabo is in honor of saturday 's record store day , when the 7-inch single will be available for sale . the accompanying video is guaranteed to be the most awesome thing you see today .
dzhokhar `` jahar '' tsarnaev 's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part two years ago in the boston marathon bombings and murder of an mit police officer . the sentencing phase of the federal case will resume monday . tsarnaev was convicted april 8 on all 30 counts , including 17 that carry a possible death penalty .
the birth of any baby is cause for celebration , but given recent changes in the laws of succession , her arrival would be a historical one . 32 % of americans predicted the name was a shoo-in , and in the uk the odds of a baby named after her late grandmother change almost daily as diana becomes an increasingly popular choice .
as of today , 70 % of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess . based on the so called `` kate effect , '' the great british high street is no doubt salivating at the prospect of record sales should hrh princess fill in the blank .
iran 's elite revolutionary guard 's quds force is already training , advising and supporting iraqi shia militias in their fight against isis . today he is a celebrity to many iraqis and iranians , that is symbolic of the gulf that still exists between iran and the u.s.
in a two-hour special that aired friday , the olympic gold medalist and `` keeping up with the kardashians '' star said he has the `` soul of a female '' even though he was born with male body parts . thompson , who had two sons with jenner during their five-year marriage , was one of many relatives to cheer him for publicly sharing what she had known for decades .
sen. bernie sanders is now running for president in the u.s. senate . he is barely known to the general public , which makes him a long shot indeed to win election to the highest office in the nation . he spoke with a throaty brooklyn accent , and he was jewish -- not your typical vermonter .
the miami riots of 1980 were the first major `` race riots '' since the wave of riots spread across the nation in the 1960s . that was true in miami in 1980 after the acquittal of four police officers in the beating death of unarmed motorcyclist arthur mcduffie . james powell was assassinated , and 125 other cities erupted in flames .
in new york city , mayor bill de blasio has launched an ambitious pre-k education program to broaden access for all of the city 's residents . the drive for same-sex marriage equality took hold in the states before reaching the federal level . this is just the tip of the iceberg .
kathmandu was at her uncle 's place in ramkot , some 12 kilometers east from my family home . after escaping the building for the safety of open air , my first thought was for news of friends and family . another tremor -- the first of many to aftershocks that have continued to strike an already traumatized city -- shook the house .
photographer fabien le coq noticed an unusual tree . he positioned himself at the base of the tree and turned his camera upward , filling the frame with the trunk and its spindly branches . this was the start of the photo series `` treesome , '' an embodiment of le cox 's unique way of interacting with the world around him .
timothy mcveigh and terry nichols , former u.s. army soldiers , were convicted of the attack on april 19 , 1995 . the fbi 's goal , of course , is to prevent `` homegrown attacks '' before they happen . when acts of domestic terror do occur , . the . fbi investigates and tries to catch those responsible .
mui thomas , 22 , suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection . she was born with harlequin ichthyosis , which means her skin is extremely thick , dry and flaky -- resembling fish scales . she has a full-time job , plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker .
nigeria 's town had recently been freed from boko haram in a joint military operation . a provincial government committee was visiting the area as part of an effort to assess the level of destruction in towns . the victims included men , women and children murdered when they were seized in november .
the day is widely seen as marking the start of a free south africa after the fall of apartheid . this year 's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks earlier in april . many south africans used twitter to denounce the recent violence ... whilst others remembered iconic south african freedom fighter nelson mandela .
gen. khalifa haftar said libyan authorities had not been consulted . the decision was taken without consulting the legitimate libyan side . the european union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats . the capsizing of one vessel last weekend left an estimated 900 people dead .
prosecutor javier de luca dropped the case against president cristina fernandez de kirchner . nisman alleged that argentina 's government agreed not to go after iranian suspects in the bombing in exchange for a favorable trade deal . his death sparked outrage and conspiracy theories aplenty .
ciudad juarez , mexico , was once known as the murder capital of the world . back in 2010 , at the height of cartel violence , the city averaged 8.5 killings per day . five years later , local officials say the city is much safer , and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists and investors back to juarez .
shinzo abe surprised nobody by missing a great opportunity to dispel worries and tensions he raises with his revisionist views on history . this `` abenesia '' is harmful to japan 's international image , riles china and south korea and thereby undermines the bilateral security agenda . washington deliberately set the bar on history very low for abe because the obama administration is more focused on the shared perception with tokyo that contemporary china is a threat .
the spacecraft that lost contact with flight controllers will re-enter the earth 's atmosphere in about a week , roscosmos said . the progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and will begin its combustion in the atmosphere between may 5 and may 7 . russia said it is working on its next supply flight to the iss .
the british-led war games are code named joint warrior and the numbers are all big : 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines as well as 70 aircraft . nato says the planning started long before russia began behaving as an adversary . commanding officer rear adm. brad williamson says russia 's behavior is an added motivation to do well in these exercises .
the airstrikes were carried out in the occupied golan heights against four militants who crossed into the area from syria . the golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory despite israeli governmental control . it is home to 41,000 residents , including jews , druze and alawites . it was not immediately known what militant group the men belonged .
the founder of weight watchers died wednesday at her home in florida . nidetch described herself as an `` overweight housewife obsessed with cookies '' . through the program of regular weigh-ins , peer support and accountability , not only did she lose 72 pounds , but she inspired millions more to shed pounds .
jeff courcelle came home from work to find 5-year-old mocha hovering over a pile of screws , metal pieces , three watch heads and some chewed leather straps . the 80-pound doberman pincher had pulled down a basket of wrist wear from a shelf in their bedroom and eaten nearly all the contents . the couple took her to the mspca 's angell animal medical center , where a veterinarian performed a 3-hour endoscopy to explore
mary doyle keefe became the symbol of american women working on the home front during world war ii . the 92-year-old died this week at her home in simsbury , connecticut . keefe posed for the famous painting that would become the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29 , 1943 .
anamarie shreeves , 26 , is the site manager for the nonprofit keep atlanta beautiful . she creates almost no waste . the small amount of waste does create goes straight into a 32-ounce mason jar that sits three-quarters full right next to her kitchen sink . this is all the waste she has collected in nearly half a year .
the puzzling problem went viral after singapore television host kenneth kong posted it to facebook . some are even saying it 's the math equivalent of the `` what color is the dress '' debate . that 's assuming you want to celebrate with cheryl after she 's put you through all that trouble .
kate parker , a photographer , asked ella , now 9 , to sign up for her own . the next day , parker got chills from her daughter 's direct stare . the photo is one of parker 's favorites from her series , `` strong is the new pretty '' .
the u.s. supreme court will hear oral arguments tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the constitutional right to marry . the question at the core of obergefell v. hodges is one of the most consequential debates of the early 21st century , and one that is already helping to shape the 2016 presidential race . roberts has a solid conservative record and would seem an unlikely vote to support a constitutional right .
earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on earth today . seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9 , which would actually makes it about 40 % larger than the previous major event nearby in 1934 . unfortunately , it is quite possible the number of dead in kathmandu could rise to match it .
ben powers died april 6 in new bedford , mass. , his family announced . powers joined the cast of `` good times '' for its sixth and final season from 1978 to 1979 . his character and thelma wed in the third episode of that season , but he straining their relationship .
johanna basford 's `` secret garden : an inky quest & coloring book '' now at no. 3 on amazon - along with her second effort , `` enchanted forest '' . farrarons and basford are based in the uk , with the publication of titles like virginia-based art therapist lacy mucklow .
heavy drinking among americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012 , largely due to rising rates among women . the centers for disease control and prevention defines heavy drinking as exceeding an average of one drink per day during the past month for women and two drinks per day for men . the increases are driven largely by women 's drinking habits as social norms change , researchers found .
cassandra c. was ordered into custody of the connecticut department of children and families by a judge in december . she ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo , claiming she did not want to be treated . earlier this month , cnn reported that she was in remission , feeling well and her treatment was almost complete .
jordan spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas that enhance swing power and fluid control while decreasing the risk of back and knee injuries . mid-back mobility and integrated core strength as the foundation for expressing his swing mobility . try these three yoga-based moves i use with my pga clients to address the key areas of the swing .
the actress said smoking marijuana is `` good medicine '' for relieving the pressure in her eyes . she attended the tribeca film festival in support of her documentary `` roseanne for president ! '' directed by eric weinrib . barr also defended her use of pot , saying , `` it 's expansive . it does n't close that down '' .
acaminophen is the main ingredient in tylenol , most forms of midol . but their new research led them to the conclusion that it also blunted joy -- in other words , that it narrowed the range of feelings experienced . half of the participants in the study were given a placebo with the same appearance .
the 62-year-old comic talked about her struggle with macular degeneration and glaucoma -- two eye diseases that get progressively worse over time and can steal vision . barr 's doctors have n't provided a timeline , but her symptoms are worsening : `` my vision is closing in now '' .
the bill will now go before gov. david ige , whose signature would make it law in hawaii as of january 1 , 2016 . forty-six u.s. states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone 18 or older , while alabama , new jersey and utah require customers to be at least 19 .
the institute is working with state health leaders to control the `` severe outbreak , '' which has spread among users of a prescription opioid called opana . as of friday , 142 people have tested positive for hiv , with 136 confirmed cases and six more with preliminary positive test results . this is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people . since the rampant hiv outbreak was first noticed in mid-december , the state has tried to flood the area
since mid-december , 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry , backyard chickens , and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds . that number will likely grow as birds with the disease fly from one state to the next . in the united states , some 3.5 million birds had already been euthanized to prevent the spread of the disease .
kathmandu valley 's other pagodas , stupas and shrines -- also built mostly of red brick hundreds of years ago . worst architectural losses have included the majestic shiva temple pagoda and its twin , the narayan pagoda , which dominated durbar square . but now the two structures have been obliterated and the scene comprises pathetic piles of rubble , a bulldozer shoveling a path for vehicles , shocked and miserable witnesses and a sense of irreplaceable visual and spiritual
susie clark , who is from evening shade , arkansas , saw a 3.69-carat diamond in the plowed field on april 23 . the diamond is the largest found at the state park so far this year . clark named it the hallelujah diamond .
jacob lawrence 's groundbreaking work `` the migration of the negro '' is a series of 60 small paintings with text depicting the lives of millions of pre-world war ii blacks . no. 22 was painted before hip-hop became the piñata for conservative talk show hosts to bash and before sagging pants became a popular fashion statement . now , some people are partially blaming the 2013 movie `` the purge '' for the uprising in baltimore as if the 1996 riots happened on a different planet
kim 's first official international trip since his father 's death has been canceled . kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said the trip would not happen . kim runs one of the most brutally repressive regimes on earth . he feels the need to reassert his authority and keep his eye on the centers of power .
photographer ken hermann visited the market for his project `` flower man '' which is a series of portraits that casts light upon the people behind the petals . when hermann was in kolkata working on another assignment , he went to the market as a tourist . after that first encounter with malik ghat , his captivation with the market did not diminish and he became intent on returning .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix with a peerless pole-to-flag win under shanghai 's sunny skies . reigning world champion nico rosberg came home second for mercedes to snuff out the threat from the chasing italian racers . vettel finished third to collect his third straight podium of 2015 .
irwin horwitz , a nontenure-track professor at the texas a&m university galveston campus expected his missive would create some conflict . in an email to his students , horwitz accused them of `` backstabbing , game playing , cheating , lying , fighting '' . the story went viral . suddenly , his name was spreading on twitter , facebook and reddit , accompanied by the kind of strong , unvarnished opinions that you can make about people you 've never
a growing number of japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country 's shrinking workforce . aiko chihira is an android manufactured by toshiba , designed to look and move like a real person . the robotic polygot could prove useful serving foreign customers during the 2020 tokyo olympics .
joni mitchell , who was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1997 , was taken to ucla medical center a month ago after being found unconscious in her home . she remains at the hospital , according to leslie morris ' court petition . whether the folk and jazz singer is conscious remains a matter of some confusion .
richard dysart died of cancer at his home in santa monica , california , according to his wife , kathryn jacobi dysart . dysart was a noted tv and film character actor , and stage star , winning a drama desk award for playing coach in jason miller 's pulitzer prize-winning play .
the as yet not titled eight-part , one-hour series is set to premiere july 26 . jenner , who along with his family has starred in the hit e!as `` keeping up with the kardashians , '' recently went public with the fact that he is transgender . the pair announced they had filed for divorce in september 2014 after some time of living apart .
baltimore police said rioting at a shopping mall and elsewhere monday started amid rumors , spread on social media , of a `` purge '' led by large groups of marauding high school students . the term appears to be a reference to 2013 's `` the purge : anarchy , '' about a dystopian future america where on one day each year , all laws are suspended for a 12-hour period and all crimes , including murder , become temporarily legal . in the movies , set in los
the six-hour journey from kathmandu to near the epicenter of nepal 's devastating earthquake is not for those who get easily carsick . all of their faces with empty looks are still expressing the terror they went through and the pain they are suffering . the hospital campus is simply not big enough to handle such calamity .
the results of the obama white house 's innovative efforts to make the world a better place can be accounted for in the ever-growing numbers of victims of radical islam in the middle east , north africa and south asia . not to mention here in the united states , canada and europe . is it not a tragic irony that the arab spring-era policies of a nobel peace prize recipient accommodated the transition of syria into the world 's newest jihad theater while
kathmandu mother-of-four was at home when 7.8-magnitude quake struck . in the wake of the disaster , which has left at least 4,500 people dead across nepal , sitoula endured 36 long hours trapped in a room on the ground floor . remarkably , she escaped without injury , apparently protected by a beam .
freddie gray was arrested on the morning of april 12 without incident , according to police . he subsequently slipped into a coma , dying a week after his initial arrest . police released a more detailed timeline of events on monday , and officials speaking at a news conference elaborated on specifics of the events .
cornellian is one of the worst of the `` predator colleges '' -- schools that offer dubious degrees , saddle students with high amounts of debt and gobble up tens of billions of dollars in federal money every year . there are about 1.3 million students enrolled in for-profit colleges , many of which have questionable track records , and their students need help transitioning into legitimate postsecondary schools .
c-span 's live telecast of the white house correspondents ' association dinner was hosted by cecily strong of `` saturday night live '' . more than 2,000 credentialed white house journalists and their mostly celebrity guests convened for the occasion . obama said his advisers asked him if he had a bucket list .
a new book called `` clinton cash : the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make bill and hillary rich '' will prompt team clinton to put its candidate on the road . it 's not that the alleged conflicts are n't potentially serious ; as i recently noted in these pages , they are . according to the wall street journal , in 2014 the clinton foundation received money from the united arab emirates , saudi arabia and oman , among
the miami-dade police department set up the camera as part of an ongoing police investigation into luggage thefts by the very airport workers who are supposed to get bags safely onto planes . email your story ideas and tips to cnntips@cnn.com . `` it 's a problem we all face , '' said police lt. pete estis .
the visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked kim 's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of north korea in late 2011 . kim also could have had the chance to rub elbows with the heads of about 30 other governments , including the leaders of china , cuba , india , germany , vietnam and venezuela .
christopher scarver , who was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing jeffrey dahmer and another man at columbia correctional institution in 1994 , said the confessed cannibal would leave the fake limbs around the prison where others would find them . in a separate story , the pastor , roy ratcliff , as saying the convict would make jokes about this cannibalistic past .
parent company geely automobile is seeking to prove that a chinese company can manage a global auto brand . geely 's gambit will be watched to see if it paves the way for other chinese car manufacturers to crack developed markets . china surpassed the u.s. as the largest market for car sales globally in 2009 , and most major automakers build cars in china .
li lifei , 26 , has his eye on a volkswagen tiguan but shanghai , like many large chinese cities , rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies . to register for a license plate auction , prospective car buyers like li must put down a deposit in exchange for disc containing software they can use to bid online . at the most recent auction on saturday , li said the final price was 80,600 yuan -lr
gregorio billikopf , a retired university adviser on agricultural issues , lives across lake llanquihue from the volcano . the explosion produced an extensive plume , but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on april 22 and april 23 . last week , military and police forces helped evacuate more than 4,400 residents , the interior ministry said .
venezuelan native maickel melamed completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. tuesday . he was the last participant to complete the race , cnn affiliate wcvb reported . melamed was born with muscular dystrophy , which causes progressive weakness and loss of muscle mass throughout the body .
google 's popular real-time traffic app , waze , uses gps navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams , automobile accidents , stalled cars , and through its `` traffic cop '' feature . most people undoubtedly use waze 's police-finding feature to avoid traffic tickets , but the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers . in the days before he assassinated new york police officers rafael ramos and wenjian liu at point blank range while
the oscar-winning cinematographer spent more than a decade collaborating with director peter jackson on the six `` lord of the rings '' films . the sydney native suffered a heart attack monday . lesnie also shot `` rise of the planet of the apes '' -lrb- 2011 -rrb- , directed by rupert wyatt .
lois lilienstein was born in chicago in 1936 and moved to toronto in 1996 with her son and her husband , ernest . she joined sharon hampson and bram morrison to launch their singing trio in 1978 . the 30 most popular film producers in hollywood .
the singer is believed to have drowned at a beach in montego bay on thursday , the jamaica constabulatory force said . the statement listed his age as 54 , but other reports say he was 55 . kemp was scheduled to perform on the tom joyner foundation fantastic voyage , parent company reach media inc. said in a statement .
percy sledge died of natural causes in baton rouge , louisiana . in a career that started in the 1960s , sledge had a number of hits , including `` take time to know her , '' `` warm and tender love '' and `` it tears me up '' . over a mournful , slowly rising instrumental track provided by organist spooner oldham , drummer roger hawkins and guitarist marlin greene .
silas randall timberlake 's maternal grandfather bill bomar died in 2012 , while randall is the musician 's own middle name . the couple announced the pregnancy in january , with an instagram post . it is the first baby for both , with randall 's father 's first .
the female-skewing cable network has greenlit `` the unauthorized full house story '' -lrb- working title -rrb- . it will look at the rise of the cast -- including john stamos , bob saget and ashley olsen -- and explore the pressure they faced to balance idyllic family life on the show . casting will begin immediately .
the avengers , the third highest-grossing film of all time , is already scheduled for release in may of 2018 and 2019 . hands-on producer kevin feige and his associates have built a cinematic empire quite unprecedented in hollywood history . so while sideline enterprises like the new `` daredevil '' tv series continue to pop up , the company can be so confident in the enduring appeal of its theatrical mainstays .
` furious 7 ' is the seventh installment of the `` fast and furious '' franchise . but minus the off-screen tragedy , is `` furious 7 '' worth racing to the theater ? the usual flaws -- plot bumps , muscle acting , tweet-length dialogue -- fade in the face of the camaraderie on and off screen .
the 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on the bbc series `` ordinary lies '' and the long-running british soap opera `` coronation street '' . the `` fhm 100 sexiest women in the world '' issue goes on sale thursday , april 30 .
the uss independence was scuttled in january 1951 during weapons testing near california 's farallon islands . researchers from the national oceanic and atmospheric administration went looking for it again in march as part of a project to map about 300 wrecks that lie in and around the gulf of the farallones national marine sanctuary .
the top performer was southwest airlines , which offered the most award tickets , 11.9 million , and the highest percentage of award tickets -- 11.5 % of 103.1 million total passenger seats . many jetblue customers fly the airline only once or twice per year , making it hard to accumulate miles .
loretta lynch will take the reins of a justice department that has been walking a fine line between nudging local police departments in the direction of better community relations . the first order of business will be to re-establish order in baltimore , where the national guard has been mobilized and a state of emergency declared .
alondra luna nuñez was returned to mexico on wednesday after dna tests showed she 's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter . mexican federal police seized alondra on friday in the colonial city of guanajuato , believing she was the daughter of a mexicans national living in houston .
justice ruth bader ginsburg alluded to s&m as `` dominant and a subordinate relationship '' when it was `` marriage between a man and a woman '' . mary bonauto , the attorney arguing on behalf of the four same-sex couples who petitioned the supreme court , said in response : `` that 's correct '' .
koch industries ' recent announcement that it will `` ban the box '' -- i.e. , remove from its job applications the check-box that asks about convictions -- is a big step forward in the movement to break down barriers to employment for job-seekers with records . two generations of the war on drugs , zero tolerance , and aggressive policing have left 70 million adults with arrest or conviction records that undermine their ability to be considered for jobs .
the royal wedding of tennis legend andy murray took place at dunblane cathedral . cheering crowds spilling onto the streets to support their home-grown talent . the grand slam and olympic champion donned a traditional blue and green tartan kilt while his bride dazzled in a vintage-style gown by british designer jenny packham .
amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company in new york , snapped the lucky shot . she posted the picture to twitter , and within a few hours , it had already received hundreds of retweets . this would be a double rainbow that has been reflected in the sky , due to a smooth body of water underneath the rainbow .
gulnaz 's plight disappeared from the world 's gaze once she was pardoned and released courtesy of a presidential pardon . instead of a new start , what followed for gulnaz was a telling sign of where women 's rights stand in afghanistan despite the billions that have poured into this country from the u.s. government and its nato allies .
the last americans in afghanistan in prison are five men who had one valuable skill nato depended upon . each for a reason they do not understand -- all fired from their jobs and then blacklisted , they say , meaning they can no longer get work with other government groups or ngos here . the skill they once thrived off has left them isolated , and fearing reprisals .
photographer simon brann thorpe started his project `` toy soldiers '' . the soldiers are with the polisario front , an independence movement that has been clashing with morocco since the mid-1970s . thorpe said his project enables the creation of a visual metaphor from which a viewer develops their own emotional , physical and political response to war .
freddie gray died sunday under circumstances that are unclear . an attorney for gray 's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up . video recorded at the scene shows gray with his hands behind his back , screaming as police raise him to his feet . he clung to life for seven days and died today at approximately 7 a.m.
toya graham told cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360 ˚ '' she was n't concerned that she might be embarrassing her son . `` he was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie and doing what he was doing , '' graham said . the video of graham yanking her son , michael singleton , and slapping him with a right hand as cnn affiliate wmar recorded has led to the internet calling graham #motheroftheyear .
the little boy 's disappearance sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children . new york supreme court justice maxwell wiley ordered the jury to continue efforts to reach a decision on the guilt or innocence of a bodega worker named pedro hernandez . his lawyers said he made up his account of the crime .
the moment became one of the deadliest shootings in u.s. history . holmes is accused of opening fire on the crowd , killing 12 people and injuring 70 others in aurora , a suburb of denver . authorities said he wore body armor and carried several guns , including an ar-15 rifle , with lots of ammo .
boxing is n't fading away because we 've finally awoken to its brutality . the rocket rise of mma 's premier organization , the ultimate fighting championship , has matched boxing 's equally dramatic decline . some aficionados spin elaborate defenses of hundreds of fist fights that break out every year in nhl games , claiming they make the game safer by punishing dirty play .
the bangladeshi migrant 's description provides new details about what may have happened aboard the ship . authorities say migrants on the boat moved to one side , hoping to be saved . their movement caused the large , multilevel boat to capsize about 110 kilometers -lrb- almost 70 miles -rrb- north of libya , sending the desperate crowd plunging into the sea .
japan 's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 . the agency will reportedly use its epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a slim probe . the mission will cost in the region of ¥ 10 billion -lrb- $ 83.4 million -rrb- .
the warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from iran that could be trafficking arms to houthi rebels in yemen . pentagon spokesman col. steve warren noted that the nine ships in the iranian convoy were cargo ships , but he declined to specify what they were carrying beyond `` containers '' . international officials are concerned that iran could surreptitiously attempt to transfer weaponry to the houthis .
the atlanta-area pastor responded recently to critics of his campaign to buy a gulfstream g650 airplane . dollar noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him in regards to his campaign seeking $ 300 from 200,000 people globally . `` i 'm on my sabbatical , and the enemy 's trying to discredit me , '' dollar stated .
the president enrolled at occidental college in los angeles in 1979 . he credits the clean air act with making americans `` a lot '' healthier , in addition to being able to `` see the mountains in the background because they are n't covered in smog '' . obama also said the instances of asthma and other respiratory diseases went down after these measures were taken .
the kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance , targeting turkish soldiers who were securing an area in agri ahead of a spring festival . last month , abdullah ocalan , longtime leader of the kurdistan workers ' party , called from his jail cell for the violence to end .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on indonesia 's `` execution island '' for their role in a failed heroin smuggling plot . lawyers for the pair had argued that widodo had failed to individually consider their cases . one of the condemned men 's lawyers , leonard aritonang , said he was disappointed with the rulings but would respect the court 's decision .
the accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus , leaving little more than its frame . debris scattered across the road , while smoke rose into the sky , videos posted to social media show . tan-tan is near the country 's atlantic coast , more than 450 kilometers -lrb- about 280 miles -rrb- southwest of marrakesh .
yellowstone 's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought . underneath the national park 's attractions and walking paths is enough hot rock to fill the grand canyon nearly 14 times over . scientists also created the first three-dimensional depiction of the geothermal structure under yellowstone , which comprises three parts .
president nicolas maduro visited anzoategui , the state where she lives . olivo , 54 , had written a message on a mango -- `` if you can , call me '' . she got as close as she could and , as the bus passed , she tossed the fruit at maduro .
the media outlet , cnn affiliate bfm , is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages , who were hiding in a cold room during the attack . one of its journalists `` mentioned only once the presence of a woman hidden inside the hyper cacher , on the basis of police sources on the ground '' . bfm regrets that the mention of this information could cause concern to the hostages .
the helicopter crashed near kampung pasir baru in semenyih , at 4:55 a.m. et . among the victims were azlin alias , who worked on the prime minister 's staff , and jamaluddin jarjis , former malaysian ambassador to the u.s.
the show 's producer , harvard professor henry louis gates jr. , apparently acquiesced to affleck 's request because when the episode aired in october 2014 , there was no mention of the star 's slave-owning ancestor . now gates has publicly denied that he made his decision about the content of the program .
president obama revealed that a u.s. drone strike had killed warren weinstein and giovanni lo porto , two aid workers held hostage on the afghanistan-pakistan border . al qaeda had sought to trade the two for prisoners and an end to drone strikes . but it is not only terrorist groups that try to reap reward from the taking of hostages -- take the case of jason rezaian , the washington post 's tehran bureau chief .
the slants are five asian-american musicians from portland , oregon . the group adopted the lenny bruce philosophy of repeating an insulting term until it does n't mean anything anymore . in this case , the latter denied them a trademark registration under the despised -lrb- section 2 -rrb- of the trademark act .
nick loeb says he met the actress in 2010 and they got engaged two years later , at which point they decided to create the embryos and conceive a child via a surrogate . after two attempts failed to bring fertilized embryos to term , they created two more embryos using her eggs and his sperm . loeb said he filed a complaint against the actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization .
the shelling began to boom through the yemeni city of aden on thursday afternoon as we hurried back to board the boat that had brought us here from djibouti . aden is a city gripped by fear , desperation and want . people line up for cooking fuel , and the electricity only works a few hours a day .
flight 448 , which had been bound for los angeles , returned to seattle monday . a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold , according to a statement from the airline . the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled . the plane was also only in the air for 14 minutes , alaska airlines said .
gunman walked into wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina , on monday and shot the school 's print shop operator , killing him . the victim , ron lane , was a longtime employee . police department described stancil as `` armed and dangerous '' . despite earlier reports , the victim was not killed inside the library .
cnn 's producer was introduced to a senegalese and malian smuggler by an intermediary in tripoli , who mistakenly thought she was a syrian looking to bring other syrian refugees with her onto boats . for each syrian she brought with her , the producer would get a $ 100 discount so if she brought 10 , she could travel free .
matyas gutai built a prototype house in his hometown of kecskemet , south of budapest , with his high school friend milan berenyi after years of research and development . the house can produce its own energy and be more independent of energy suppliers , which could reduce carbon emissions .
the boat , named airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers -lrb- 56 miles -rrb- from the libyan port of misrata . one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured . italy registered more than 10,000 migrants in the first three months of 2015 .
the show will feature candace cameron bure , who played eldest daughter d.j. tanner in the original series . stamos will produce and guest star . talks with co-starsbob saget , mary-kate and ashley olsen , dave coulier and lori loughlin are ongoing .
the closed-door contest follows the postponements of monday 's and tuesday 's games against the white sox until a doubleheader scheduled for may 28 . the game at oriole park at camden yards is scheduled to begin at 2:05 p.m. et . the office of new commissioner rob manfred said the league and orioles will keep an eye on the situation in baltimore .
saudi forces pounded southern yemen with a fresh series of airstrikes wednesday . the previous round of talks between houthi rebels and the government of yemeni president abdu rabu mansour hadi failed in january . saudi arabia announced the end of its operation decisive storm on tuesday .
the kentucky wildcats dominated michigan state 81-61 in the first contest of the night . they will meet four-time national champ duke in monday night 's title game . the badgers fought back from a 60-56 deficit with 6:39 left in the game .
jerome r. hunt , of hayward , california , climbed the fence on the south side of the white house complex about 10:25 p.m. sunday night . according to a source with knowledge of the investigation , the 54-year-old `` was compliant '' once he saw the dogs ready to engage with thim . hunt is in custody and charges are pending .
the rev. jamal bryant drew the same comparison wednesday morning on cnn 's `` erin burnett outfront '' . `` these are children who have not been engaged by us . no , we do n't have to call them thugs , '' he said . six officers have been suspended over the incident .
the split helped pave the way for the u.s. supreme court to take up a case on tuesday that could ultimately decide whether gay and lesbian couples have a constitutional right to marry . critics call the opinion an outlier and do n't believe it will carry much weight , considering the number of courts that have overturned same-sex marriage bans in the nearly two years since the supreme court struck down the core of the federal defense of marriage act .
machete-wielding attackers hacking immigrants to death in major cities . other nations scrambling to evacuate their citizens from south africa . but this is not the first time xenophobic violence has exploded in a country that tries to portray itself as a diverse `` rainbow '' nation . they started after zulu king goodwill zwelithini said foreigners `` should pack their bags and go '' because they are taking jobs from citizens .
kenya 's interior ministry says mohamed mohamud is the mastermind of thursday 's kenya university terror attack . al-shabaab , an al qaeda-linked militant group based in somalia , took responsibility for the attack , according to the u.s. embassy in nairobi . it offers a reward of 20 million kenyan shillings , which is about $ 215,000 .
freddie gray was arrested by police on april 12 . the 25-year-old was carried in the van for 40 minutes and he was not properly buckled in , according to authorities . his family said his voice box had been crushed and his neck snapped , and after a week of hospitalization , he died .
a u.s. defense official did n't provide details about the attack in the city of jalalabad . an afghan soldier was killed and another was injured in a subsequent exchange of gunfire . it was n't immediately clear whether the assailant was among them . those troops belong to the nato-led resolute support mission meant to train and support afghan troops .
new belgium 's new brewery and the folks at ben & jerry 's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream . both companies have a history of social activism , and the new project will be no different , they say . the beer is set to hit shelves in the fall .
suzanne crough passed away monday at home in laughlin , nevada . she played tambourine and percussion in the traveling `` partridge family '' band . the band had real hit songs with `` come on get happy '' and `` i think i love you , '' though not all the members really sang or played instruments .
bobby brown , the daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston , has `` global and irreversible brain damage , '' her grandmother said in a statement monday . houston 's statement matched that from a source with knowledge of brown 's condition , who told cnn on monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months . she also has a tracheostomy in her throat .
the planet between earth and mercury orbits about 35,983,125 miles from the sun . mercury 's closeness to the sun makes it hard to see except at dawn and twilight . the probe was launched in 2004 and traveled more than six and a half years before it started orbiting mercury on march 18 , 2011 .
british and american aid workers , japanese and now ethiopian journalists , kurdish and syrian soldiers were among those who followed in foley 's wake : their gruesome beheadings documented on camera and disseminated as propaganda to a global online audience . but beyond this , some experts such as psychology professor arie w. kruglanski suggest , the wave of savage beheadheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation -- not only
businesses are already gearing up for a time after the restrictions are lifted . but this weekend , just a few miles down the road , iran 's leaders were celebrating their war machine as the military held its annual national army day parade . as the u.s. , saudi arabia and other countries criticize iran for its alleged involvement in funding and supplying the houthi rebels who have seized power in much of yemen .
baltimore reacted to the death of freddie gray , the young man who died last week from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody . saturday 's game between the orioles and red sox had gone into extra innings in camden yards , with plenty of fans for both teams glued to their seats . the boston faithful are used to being in the heart of a city to watch sports . but when the oriole finally pulled out a win in the 10th inning
more than 10,000 people have arrived from libya since last weekend . stories of death at sea and unimaginable suffering are nothing new . but what makes the current influx different is the absence of control from the ports of embarkation , specifically those in libya , because when moammar gadhafi was in control he also controlled the flow of migrant ships .
photographer james oatway was walking down a street when four south africans surrounded him . the attackers bludgeoned him with a wrench , stabbed him with knives , all in broad daylight . he says he tried to get as close as possible , conscious that the attackers were aware of his presence .
al-abadi is only about 70 miles west of baghdad and is the capital of anbar province , iraq 's sunni heartland . the politician said he was on a front line himself , armed with a machine gun . he begged the iraqi government for reinforcements and the u.s.-led coalition against isis for air support .
officer michael slager was arrested after raw video surfaced showing him firing numerous shots at walter scott as scott ran away from a traffic stop . the video footage contradicts slager 's statement that he felt threatened after scott allegedly took his stun gun during a scuffle . now , after watching the footage -- which should remain in your memory for a long time to come -- one could say that slager shot scott like a dog . but then again , dogs usually are not treated
dr. oz soldiered on , with his university and hospital continuing to stand by him , and with harpo productions and sony , who co-produce `` the dr. oz show '' fully behind his program . if the u.s. senate could n't bring him down , what made this particular collection of 10 doctors think they could do it with their recent letter to columbia university ?
zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi , a top leader of the terrorist group lashkar-e-taiba , was released early friday from a jail in the pakistani city of rawalpindi . lakhvi was charged in pakistan in 2009 , accused of masterminding the november 2008 terror attacks that left more than 160 people dead in mumbai , india 's most populous city . an anti-terrorism court granted lakhvi bail last year
beatriz paez filed a complaint wednesday with police in south gate , just south of los angeles . the incident was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera across the street . paez said marshals asked her to stop recording but she told them she had a right to do so . the u.s. marshals service said it is reviewing the incident .
nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth . the cancer of corruption has to be cut out . the richest buy off the anger of the poorest , and vast swaths of society become complicit in the crime . for a while that system brought some stability to the government of jonathan .
gale crater is one of the least likely places on mars to have conditions for brines to form , compared to sites at higher latitudes or with more shading . researchers say temperatures they measured are too low and water too scarce `` to support terrestrial organisms '' -lrb- sorry , bunny fans -rrb- .
north korea 's nuclear capability is not in the actual number of warheads , but the type of warhead , as this gives a better clue to the future of the country 's weapons capabilities . if that assessment is correct , and pyongyang can indeed boost its nuclear stockpile by the end of this year to around 40 warheads by utilizing highly-enriched weapons-grade uranium , then the plutonium program that the u.s. and members of the six-party talks had been negotiating over this past
novak djokovic beat thomas berdych 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-3 in the rain-interrupted final of the monte carlo masters . the serbian world number one did n't have it all away under uncharacteristically slate gray skies on the mediterranean coast . but the czech sixth seed took advantage of the short rain delay and came back strongly .
more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals across the state for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid , known as `` spice '' or `` k2 '' . symptoms after use have a wide range of severity , from confusion , drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate , seizures and loss of consciousness .
the criminal court sentenced 36 other defendants to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities . they faced charges that include `` funding the rabaa al-adawiya sit-in '' -- a mass protest in cairo in august 2013 that was forcibly dispersed by security personnel . they were arrested in a sweeping crackdown on supporters of former president morsy , the country 's first democratically elected president , who was overthrown in 2013 in a military coup that bitterly split egyptians
the peaceful protests that were followed by outbreaks of violence in baltimore this week have underscored the danger of ignoring the crisis . but this year 's spate of killings and assaults , from ferguson , missouri , to north charleston , south carolina , are part of a deadly continuum of conduct that has created a well of resentment and anger in the african-american community .
a draft script of the 1985 teen classic has just been found in a filing cabinet in the school district where it was filmed . the manuscript sports the approval signature of the district 's then-superintendent and reveals that molly ringwald 's character , claire standish , was originally to be named cathy douglas .
monty python and the holy grail premiered 40 years ago thursday . the movie , a spoof of the arthurian legend , did not start auspiciously . on the day of its first american screening in new york , a thousand people were in line by 8 a.m.
the comedian took a fake tumble on the red carpet tuesday night at the 2015 time 100 gala in new york . the stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers , although kanye -- perhaps not used to being upstaged -- looked unamused .
hillary clinton announced tuesday that if elected president , she will take a 23 % pay cut , equivalent to the current gender wage gap . a woman on average loses $ 431,000 in pay over the course of a 40-year career . at a time where republicans are still , bizarrely , trumpeting more tax breaks for business and the rich to stimulate the economy .
donna brazile : tuesday is equal pay day , the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women 's groups as the point in the year women would have to work to make up for `` lost '' wages . she says clinton 's election will no doubt center on women voters , and the democratic agenda centers on pay equity and fairness in the workplace .
jeff green , then playing for the boston celtics , was looking forward to getting back to the hardwood . he had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart . as green learned how doctors would open up his chest to repair his heart , he considered the possibility he may never play basketball again .
gao , 71 , immediately said she would appeal , her lawyer mo shaoping told cnn friday . after a closed trial last november , the no. 3 intermediate people 's court in beijing had twice delayed handing down a verdict . the government had accused gao of disclosing a highly confidential `` document no. 9 '' issued by the ruling communist party leadership in 2013 to an overseas news organization .
myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18 % in 1955 to over 96 % in 2011 . several places like hong kong , singapore and taiwan have rates in the 80 % . researchers say reducing risk of myopia is easy , free and readily-available .
social media responded in a big way , with terms like `` hillary clinton , '' #hillary2016 , '' and #whyimnotvotingforhillary . certainly , you could n't go far on twitter - even before clinton tweeted her announcement - without an opinion or thought on her new campaign .
german climber jost kobusch heaves to catch his breath . the two-minute clip shows the unimaginable scale of the avalanche that smashed into everest base camp on saturday . at least 17 people have been killed , with dozens injured and several missing -- likely buried beneath the snow and ice .
julian assange has been holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 2012 to avoid extradition to sweden . prosecutors want to question him about allegations he raped one woman and sexually molested another . the australian national has not been charged and denies the claims .
two transportation security administration screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at denver international airport . here 's how police say the scheme worked : when the male tsa officer noticed a man he found attractive , he would tell the screening machine that a female passenger was walking through . but during the patdown , the male officer used the palms of his hands to touch the passenger 's front groin area and buttocks , which violates tsa policy .
the size of the sfra airspace is designed to be large enough to give our defense forces enough time to determine if a threat exists from an aircraft entering it . an airspeed restriction begins at a 60-mile radius from the center of reagan national airport . all aircraft must file a flight plan that identifies itself to air traffic control via a specific four-digit transponder code .
ayatollah ali khamenei said he is neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because he has `` never been optimistic about negotiations with the u.s. '' six world powers and iran reached a preliminary deal last week that aims to limit tehran 's nuclear program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions . the united states , however , has stressed that if a final deal is reached with iran , the removal of any sanctions will come in phases .
the microneedle patch , which resembles a small , round adhesive bandage , could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it . it 's been 60 years since a mass inoculation of jonas salk 's vaccine began with school children in april , 1955 that caused polio cases in the united states to drop by almost 90 % over the course of two years .
the $ 16 million mary harvin transformation center was being built in a part of town where half the properties are vacant buildings or barren lots . in the works for eight years , the center was to provide behavioral health counseling , support services for people and families with hiv and aids , employment training , home and credit counseling . the cause of the blaze was still under investigation .
the proposed training materials , overseen by appointed federal monitor peter zimroth , were submitted to manhattan federal court judge analisa torres on monday . they include directives to `` not tell or tolerate ethnic , racial or sexist jokes '' . it violates your responsibility to treat people equally . it diverts us from catching real criminals .
muna mansour is from buffalo in upstate new york . her family is among the dozens of americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in yemen . for more than three weeks , the united states has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate american nationals .
saudi arabia voiced its support for the military coup that overthrew the democratically elected government of mohamed morsy in egypt . but the kingdom 's real motives seem clear if one looks at saudi monarchy 's history of not allowing regional competition of any kind , while consistently combating efforts to build democratic governments that empower the people .
nissan will use auto shanghai 2015 to unveil the lannia mid-size sedan , which it says has been specially created for `` the rising young chinese generation '' . vehicle sales in china totaled 23.5 million units last year , almost a third more than in the united states .
bill murray , george clooney , scarlett johansson , jerry seinfeld , howard stern , tina fey , michael keaton and ray romano . the last `` late show '' will air wednesday , may 20 . among the notables are oprah winfrey , with whom letterman has had an on-and-off faux feud for years .
thai king bhumibol adulyadej approved a request from prime minister general prayuth chan-ocha to proceed . prayuth immediately invoked article 44 of the country 's interim constitution `` to curb acts deemed harmful to national peace and stability '' . the new order grants military personnel powers to issue summons and arrest those who commit crimes against the royal family or against national stability .
former new england patriots star aaron hernandez , 25 , appeared to shake his head `` no '' earlier as jurors in the massachusetts trial found him guilty of first-degree murder . at trial , the defense team described lloyd , a former semi-pro football player , as his `` bluntmaster '' -- his purveyor of marijuana . but in victim impact statements , lloyd 's relatives portrayed him as a loving son and protective brother , as a man who rode his
freddie gray was shot dead by police in baltimore on monday . the protests started in response to the death of freddie gray in police hands . if there are criminally guilty cops , police have no problem with justice . most violent criminals are actively or passively involved in the drug trade .
somali woman 's baby , sabrine , was born a week after she was detained . she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside tripoli . other pregnant women fleeing repression have come to libya -- many fleeing fighting that refuses to stop .
the fight took place in the food court area of resorts world casino where approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived . one witness told cnn affiliate wcbs the scene was `` chaotic '' and compared it to a world wrestling entertainment event . three men were arrestted in connection to the brawl , according to police .
dean obeidallah : we created a culture of such deep distrust and disrespect that violence seemed the inevitable response . we let the violence stand for everything that 's wrong with the things we already did n't like , he writes . we cut reconstruction short and made a mockery of equal citizenship , he says .
jae rockwell , the founder of my local women 's fitness groups , posted this mantra to help us keep accountable . she invited several other women , including complete newbies , through the soletri sisters facebook group and 10 of us met up on a cold chicago morning to swim for 15 minutes , bike for 30 minutes and run for 15 .
on april 12 , 1945 , the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks . at 4:50 , the old-fashioned upright `` candlestick '' telephone on his desk rang -- the direct line the associated press used to alert editors to major news events . until dodge jumped up so quickly , his swivel chair crashed into the glass-fronted bookcase behind him .
elizabeth warren said she wanted to see someone willing to fight for the middle class and `` make washington work for families again '' . warren also got specific with her wish list , mentioning that a candidate willing to lower the interest rates on student loans and shore up social security would get high marks from her .
clinton is barely in the video at all , appearing at the end as a kind of everywoman whose story and fight could be folded in with all the others . the challenge for clinton in breaking the `` highest , hardest glass ceiling '' that she described in 2008 is laying out a precise campaign vision that connects with all voters . meanwhile , the feminism label does n't seem as charged as it once was -- people from beyonce to actor joseph gordon-levitt are identifying as feminist
hillary clinton has been a part of all our lives now for approaching a quarter of a century . if hillary or jeb were to win two presidential terms , then in the 44 years from 1981 to 2025 , 28 will have had a clinton or a bush in the white house . but even though hillary has been around nearly my entire lifetime , the question unanswered is `` what does hillary stand for ? '' .
nasa 's new horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of pluto . the probe will soon be beaming back much sharper images and a wealth of other information about pluto 's remote , unexplored corner of the solar system . pluto is 1,400 miles wide , roughly half the width of the continental united states .
amanda rothschild lay awake in her remington home , a neighborhood in the northern part of the city , thinking about what the next day would be like . as protests erupt nationwide after the death of freddie gray , a black man who suffered a severe spinal cord injury while in police custody , some local businesses in baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city . the following morning , they posted a sign on the door telling patrons they were closed to partake in community
the university of florida and emory university are investigating allegations that zeta beta tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans last weekend . `` they actually spit on me and my service dog as well , and that 's just so disrespectful and it hurts . i come and i feel safe and that i belong , but now i feel like i 'm defending myself , '' wounded veteran nicholas connole said . the university 's executive director , laurence bolotin said in a statement
local officials said methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the u.s. virgin islands governor said his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013 , without his knowledge . investigators are still trying to piece together exactly what happened at the sirenusa resort , where a family 's vacation in paradise turned into a nightmare .
jihadi chiefs have a strategy beyond the battlefield . their treatment of their female victims plays an important part in their radical strategy . it is part of the larger plan of building a `` caliphate , '' a sharia-ruled state complete with controls and norms harking back to the seventh century .
jamal al-labani had hoped to bring his pregnant wife and 2-year-daughter back to the united states from war-torn yemen . but the gas station owner never made it on a flight back to his home hayward , california . he was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell , his family said .
pope francis will visit cuba on his way to the united states in september . the exact timing of the cuba trip was n't immediately released . cuba 's state-run television reported that francis would visit , but like the vatican did not report exactly when he would arrive .
`` roots , '' the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants , had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 . a&e , lifetime and history -lrb- formerly the history channel -rrb- announced thursday that the three networks would simulcast a remake of the saga of kunta kinte . a press release describes the new version as `` original '' and `` contemporary '' and will draw more from alex haley '
isis is clearly about religion -- its version of radical islam -- but it is also about power . there is increasing evidence that the military backbone of isis is made up not by a group of islamic zealots , but rather high-ranking officers from saddam hussein 's army -- baathists who were at least ostensibly secular .
the search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in may . the size of the doubled search area would be bigger than the u.s. state of pennsylvania . officials are still trying to figure out why it veered dramatically off course over the sea between malaysia and vietnam .
a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church appeared to contain a piece of jesus ' cross . excavation team leader gülgün köroğlu , an art historian and archaeologist , thought the chest served as a symbolic coffin for a holy person 's relics . to say something smacks of the `` true cross , '' a powerful identifier for the faith of more than two billion people , is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for jesus
scientists in southern italy have known about him since 1993 . when spelunkers spied his skull staring blankly back at them from its nook in the lamalunga cave , deep under the town of altamura . researchers decided not to rescue the bones for fear that trying to ease them out of the cave 's calcified grip would shatter them and ruin altamura man .
public opinion on same-sex marriage has turned upside down since the supreme judicial court in massachusetts first legalized the practice in 2003 . overwhelming opposition has turned into substantial majority support , especially among young people of all political persuasions . to originalists like scalia -- those who believe the constitution should be interpreted only as it was originally understood by the framers .
dv bros. and mattel announced a partnership to launch dc super hero girls . the characters involved include wonder woman , supergirl , batgirl , harley quinn and poison ivy , among others . initial reaction on social media appeared favorable -- `` my daughter will be a big fan i think , '' wrote nerdgallagher -- praise was n't universal .
henry louis gates stands accused of scrubbing part of his pbs documentary `` finding your roots '' because the actor put pressure on him . affleck 's concern was that the segment would have aired his family 's dirty laundry , which includes a slaveholding ancestor , benjamin cole . gates later explained that he subbed that part for another that made for more `` compelling television '' .
walter scott was stopped by officer michael slager for a broken taillight . but within minutes scott had been shot dead in north charleston , south carolina . slager claims slager `` felt threatened and reached for his department-issued firearm and fired his weapon '' .
the bp oil spill 's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer . community groups and dedicated organizations have worked ceaselessly to restore and repair not only the physical environment but also the way of life . this work is critical , and it deserves our attention and additional resources to continue to progress .
spacex , the private space exploration company founded by billionaire elon musk , hopes to launch a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon . after the launch , spacex will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform , or what it calls an autonomous spaceport drone ship , in the atlantic ocean off florida . usually booster rockets burn up in earth 's atmosphere or , like nasa 's space shuttle boosters
ibrahim al-rubaish died monday night in what aqap 's media wing , al-malahem media , called a `` crusader airstrike '' . he was among a number of detainees who sued the administration of then-president george w. bush to challenge the legality of their confinement in gitmo .
on monday , jurors will thoroughly examine those seven minutes in a trial that experts say could last months . holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . jurors will also be asked to consider events that occurred before and after the july 20 , 2012 , shooting -- namely , evidence that appears to show holmes planned his attack .
the wooden vessel was called mecca after the holy city . we were told we 'd be at the port in aden by the next morning . but as the hours ticked by it soon became apparent that that was wildly optimistic . it meant hugging the coastline , trying to stay as much as possible out of the deeper water in the gulf of aden where the world 's navies seemed to be squaring off .
syrians do n't need visas to get into turkey , so turkey it was . mersin , a port city on the southern border , was the jump off point , so he made my way there . he met a syrian guy in a hotel who had already paid money to one smuggler .
in 1969 , the first time pew asked the question about legalization , only 12 % of the nation was in favor . support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone . a police officer in michigan is part of the revolution , as are the editors of the medical journal , neurosurgery .
russian president vladimir putin shrugged off repeated questions about the impact of western sanctions on his nation . on the middle east , the russian leader defended lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to iran . on israeli and western fears that such a system would embolden iran , putin said , `` it is a defense weapon '' .
dr. mehmet oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of `` manifesting an egregious lack of integrity '' in his tv and promotional work . in a written statement , oz said , `` i bring the public information that will help them on their path to be their best selves '' . the episode will air on thursday afternoon in most markets , friday in others .
the cdc recalled all its ice cream , frozen yogurt , sherbet and other frozen treats sold in 23 states because they could be contaminated with listeria monocytogenes . the bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , the elderly and others with weak immune systems . the origin of the strain is still unknown , but `` the fact that it was the same strain over the last five years suggests it could have lurked somewhere in the factory the whole time '' .
social media heralded as #motheroftheyear . toya graham , the baltimore single mom who pulled her son away from the scene of a riot . many called her a hero : a mother determined to stop the cycle of violence . but was n't she also promoting violence ? her own reaction , after all , was to yell , curse and hit .
tornadoes touching down near dallas on sunday , ryan shepard snapped a photo of a black cloud formation reaching down to the ground . it would n't be an exaggeration to say it looked half a mile wide . it could have been one the national weather service warned about in a tweet as severe thunderstorms drenched the area , causing street flooding .
alexis keslar was walking with her twin sons along a canal friday when she tried to repel a bee and let go of their stroller . the stroller rolled away from her into the canal , with the boys belted in the seat . after more than an hour of searching , the toddlers were found and flown to a hospital , where they were pronounced dead .
the number of people confirmed dead in nepal stands at 3,218 . the death toll is expected to climb further as officials get information from the rugged countryside that makes up most of nepal . as day broke , nepal was still in survival mode after suffering a series of aftershocks following the huge initial quake on saturday .
the crash occurred at 3:30 p.m. at the exotic driving experience , which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack . the driver , 24-year-old tavon watson of kissimmee , florida , lost control of the vehicle , the highway patrol said .
negotiators took a significant step toward a landmark deal aimed at keeping iran 's nuclear program peaceful . after a marathon stretch of late-night negotiations in lausanne , switzerland , diplomats announced they 'd come up with the framework for an agreement that 's been months in the making . in exchange , the united states and the european union would lift sanctions that have crippled the country 's economy .
iceman is perhaps best known for his appearances in many of the `` x-men '' films , as well as the 1981 animated series `` spider-man and his amazing friends '' . in comic book pages provided to cnn , bobby does n't immediately acknowledge that she is telling the truth .
pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto , describing it as `` ridiculous '' . the catch , of course , is candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-china committee . hong kong has become increasingly polarized over the last few years as the city fights over what kind of political system it should have .
indonesian prime minister tony abbott called the executions `` cruel and unnecessary '' . both men , andrew chan and myuran sukumaran , had been `` fully rehabilitated '' during a decade in prison . abbott did n't say what permanent actions , if any , would be taken against indonesia .
the spirit of lincoln 's second inaugural was self-evident on april 9 , 1865 -- when confederate gen. robert e. lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28,000 troops to union general ulysses s. grant at appomattox courthouse -lrb- mclean house -rrb- in virginia . over 600,000 americans -- northerners and southerners alike -- had perished in the bloody civil war . grant purposely ended up being
five young men were arrested saturday in melbourne , australia . two of the teens , 18 and 19 , have been released `` pending further inquiries '' . sevdet besim , 18 , was charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act . the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week .
in january , president obama condemned the persecution of `` people who are lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender '' . `` transparent '' about an aging father who begins living as a woman , won two top awards at the golden globes , while transgender actress laverne cox of `` orange is the new black '' was just cast in a new cbs drama .
lee min-bok did n't laugh once when he watched `` the interview '' . he is still sending thousands of copies across the border from south to north korea in balloons , determined his people will see the movie in which the leader kim jong un is assassinated on screen . `` he cries and is afraid like us and then he 's assassinated , '' says lee .
the bible i 'm reading is `` the deluxe catholic bible '' published in 1986 by world bible publishing . the first chapter is the seven days story with god creating the earth . in the second chapter , adam 's name is a play on the hebrew word `` adama '' meaning ground .
conor mcdonnell is the self-taught photography star behind instagram 's most liked photo . the liverpool native has had a breakneck rise to success since his first instagram post in november 2011 . he shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their instagram fan base .
james webb space telescope -lrb- jwst -rrb- is intended as the successor to the hubble instrument that has been operating in space for 25 years . hubble has returned spectacular images during the past quarter century but also helped scientists discover that almost every galaxy has a massive black hole at its heart . nasa says that to see these objects the telescope will have to detect objects which are 10 to 100 times fainter than hubble .
officer michael rapiejko ran his car into mario valencia in february as the suspect carried a rifle he had just fired in the air . valencia , who flew through this air , survived and faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree that day . his lawyer has said police used excessive force and could have killed a man who was obviously unstable .
the microscopic polymer statue by south african sculptor jonty hurwitz , entitled trust , measured just 1/100th of a centimeter . but the world 's tiniest woman suddenly disappeared to an unknown location , likely never to be seen again . the 45-year-old is an entrepreneur-turned-artist who has applied the same tech wizardry to sculpture that he put into coding a finance site valued at over $ 500 million .
the 117 migrants , mostly from sub-saharan africa , arrived in the port of augusta , sicily , around 1p . the two boats they had been in were barely seaworthy , the tug 's montenegrin captain told me . the tragedy adds to the mounting death toll among those fleeing war and poverty in africa and the middle east .
a tiny , 7 square-kilometer parcel of land , marked on maps as gornja siga , its territory abuts the danube on the border between serbia and croatia . the victim of a border dispute between serbian and serbia , it is claimed by neither side -- effectively a no-man 's land . this is where euroskeptic politician vit jedlicka stepped in . on april 13 he planted his newly-designed yellow and black flag in the
sudan 's female companions , fatu and najin , live at the ol pejeta conservancy , where experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct . rhinos are targeted by poachers , fueled by the belief in asia that their horns cure various ailments .
fireball , which did n't exist in its current form a decade ago , is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in america . retail sales more than doubled last year , and fireball has come seemingly out of nowhere to become the sixth-most popular liquor brand in the u.s.
a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan on thursday , killing 17 people and wounding dozens more . an afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests was among the 64 people wounded , said faizullah ghairat , the provincial police chief . no other organization has so far claimed responsibility .
the investigation began wednesday when the 4-month-old infant of the 17-year-old was taken to sunrise hospital and medical center in las vegas . police arrested the teen mother on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm . a day later , a search warrant was served at the family 's home .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 boston marathon . the defense and prosecution made closing arguments on monday . tsarnaev fidgeted at the defense table as he has done throughout the trial .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , faces life in prison or the death penalty . the jury saw a video of the moment a bomb exploded and disemboweled an 8-year-old boy and ripped the leg off his sister . tsarnaev 's defense attorney tried to persuade jurors that her client 's older brother tamerlan tsarnaev was the instigator of the marathon plot .
the incident in question took place early tuesday in india 's southeastern andhra pradesh state . a police official , deputy inspector general kantha rao , declined comment wednesday , saying an `` investigation is still going on '' . many of them came from the neighboring state of tamil nadu , alleging the suspects attacked them with stone and axes .
a video shows officer michael slager firing eight shots at 50-year-old walter scott as scott has his back to him and is running away . the fbi is investigating , and once again , a shooting involving police has sparked national outrage . the mayor spoke at the same news conference that was repeatedly interrupted by protesters , who chanted : `` no justice ! no peace ! '' .
officer darren wilson said he shot michael brown after the two struggled over wilson 's gun , and witnesses to the shooting had different accounts . but it 's possible that the clear-cut imagery of an officer shooting a fleeing man in the back resulted in the prompt charges against the officer .
angelo west , the gunman shot to death by officers , is white . moynihan is a former u.s. army ranger who was honored at the white house for his heroism in the wake of the boston marathon bombing . he was placed in a medically induced coma at a boston hospital on saturday .
tulsa police sgt. jim clark , who has been brought in to review the case , said tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates , 73 , `` inadvertently '' shot eric courtney harris after harris ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun . clark attributed bates ' actions to a phenomenon known as `` slip and capture '' .
the voice of michael slager can be heard in both . the former north charleston police officer is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott . in the first recording , an unidentified officer talks to slager about what might happen . `` it 'd probably be a good idea to jot down your thoughts about whatever happened ... once the adrenaline stops pumping , '' the officer says .
tulsa county district attorney stephen a. kunzweiler said bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence . it 's a felony charge that could land the volunteer deputy in prison for up to four years if he 's found guilty . harris ' family is demanding an independent investigation of what they call unjustified brutality .
video of the incident , recorded february 19 by the dashboard cameras of two marana police cars , shows one of the cars running into a suspect who had a rifle in the city about a half hour from tucson . the suspect , 36-year-old mario valencia , survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged .
the attacks in durban killed two immigrants and three south africans , including a 14-year-old boy . the charity said about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week because of the violence . in the past , johannesburg has been the epicenter of anti-immigrant tensions .
italian authorities have arrested 15 people on suspicion of murdering the christians at sea . the original group of 105 people left libya on tuesday in a rubber boat . sometime during the trip north across the mediterranean sea , the alleged assailants -- muslims from the ivory coast , mali and senegal -- threw the 12 overboard .
officer michael rapiejko was with the new york police department from 2003 to 2006 . two years after he left , he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged that rapie jko pointed a gun and threatened to shoot him and handcuffed him . during his arrest on charges of obstructing governmental administration , disorderly conduct and resisting arrest , colon alleged he was yanked from the car , handcuffed and choked . the charges against colon were dropped six months later .
damani terry was attending a birthday party when he was struck and killed by a gmc van . the distraught driver , archie brown jr. , 40 , immediately stopped and got out to tend to the boy but it was too late , police said . soon , two more people would also die : the driver and the teen were both felled by bullets fired by the same man .
the international organization for migrants said there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters . authorities still do n't know the fate of many of the passengers , including children , who were on the large ship bound from libya to europe . that sinking may be the worst in a series of disasters in which migrants have lost their lives on vessels that are too rickety to survive long voyages .
protesters rallied in baltimore late tuesday , the same day police released the names of six police officers involved in the arrest of freddie gray . gray died of a spinal injury sunday , exactly one week after he was taken into custody . among the crowd were members of gray 's family , including his mother .
freddie gray wavered in and out of a coma and died sunday , one week after his arrest . it 's not clear how he suffered the spinal cord injury . but gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances after he was already in custody . police in vineland , new jersey , responded to a call of a disorderly person , and white was arrested and handcuffed .
the baltimore police department said the two were detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property . there were no other arrests and the protests were peaceful . protesters rallied at city hall before marching to a police station . the family said his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma and died .
a fake name on a facebook post can still get you in real trouble , especially when you 're threatening to shoot every white cop you see . ebony dickens of east point , georgia , posted her facebook rant under the name tiffany milan . the post was removed a day later , just before dickens was arrested , cnn affiliate wsb reported .
in november 1942 , the unguarded ss city of cairo was sunk by a german u-boat while carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver . the vessel sunk to more than 16,800 feet under the surface -lrb- 5,150 meters -rrb- where it went undiscovered until 2011 when deep ocean search decided to go looking for it .
the most expensive seat on sale through the stubhub website was retailing for a mammoth $ 128,705 but has since skyrocketed . only around 1,000 were available to the general public , the rest of the estimated 16,500 tickets split between the fighters ' camps and the casino . those at the lower end of the eye-watering scale -- priced between $ 1,500 and $ 7,500 -- were snapped up in a matter of minutes .
the five-minute piece is urgently introduced with the promise that it will reveal `` what 's really happening in the more troubled neighborhoods of this majority black city '' . it has been a toxic feature of the coverage of many episodes of mass metropolitan violence since the late 1980s , the era during which the trope of widespread hostility between asian and black communities first took root in the media consciousness .
jury selection started in january with 9,000 potential jurors . holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others when he allegedly opened fire inside a packed theater during the midnight showing of `` the dark knight rises '' on july 20 , 2012 . if convicted of the most serious charges , he could face a death sentence .
the court of appeals of virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth 's assisted conception statute . it agreed with a circuit court ruling that method of insemination did n't come from medical technology . boardwine 's friend , joyce bruce , had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant .
jordan spieth equaled tiger woods ' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par . the 21-year-old golfer was 155 days younger that year and only the fifth man to have led from start to finish over the tournament 's four days . spieth 's sister ellie , who was not able to attend the tournament , provides him with perspective .
denver teacher kyle schwartz always gives her students the option to write their names on their notes or remain anonymous . the assignment sprang from the kinds of conversations teachers have all the time , and other who has big hopes for the future : `` i do n't have friend to play with me '' .
charlotte dujardin and valegro won their second consecutive world cup dressage title in las vegas at the weekend . while their score of 94.196 narrowly missed their own world record in the sport , it was still a full 10 percentage points clear of any rival inside the thomas & mack arena . dutchman edward gal and glock 's undercover were second with 84.696 , ahead of germany 's jessica von bredow-wer
the world 's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached las vegas for this week 's world cup finals . organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend the event , which boasts an $ 8 million budget . the venue is the thomas & mack center , a stone 's throw from the strip , which had the distinction of being opened by frank sinatra and diana ross in 1983 .
japan railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour on an experimental track in yamanashi tuesday , setting a decisive new world record . the train broke its own record from last thursday , when it ran at 590 kilometers -lrb- 366 miles per hour -rrb- on a test track . by contrast , the fastest commercial maglev , which was set in 2003 during another japanese maglev test .
anuradha koirala , founder of the nonprofit maiti nepal and the 2010 cnn hero of the year , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu , nepal . the facility is home to 425 young women and girls . the public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera .
the university of nebraska at omaha is getting a new $ 81.6 million stadium for its hockey , basketball and volleyball teams . that foil-wrapped eats will make to fans was made evident when voodoo tacos owner eric newton demonstrated the power of the cannon for cnn affiliate ketv .
jody farley-berens saw the need firsthand when her childhood friend faced that situation . since 2006 , singleton moms has provided practical , financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents in the phoenix area . singleton mothers ' group pitched in to help , so montgomery could spend more time with her daughter ezri , now 10 .
chad bernstein 's program operates in two of miami 's poorest communities , north miami and allapattah . it pairs middle-school students with professional musicians , providing free instrument instruction and mentorship . he says his group has seen more than a 90 % increase in academic performance and school attendance of students in the program .
in 2003 , when the massachusetts supreme court became the country 's first to legalize same-sex marriage , less than 30 % of religiously affiliated americans supported gays ' and lesbians ' right to wed . by 2014 , that number had climbed to 47 % , according to a survey conducted by the public religion research institute . the margin is small but statistically significant , said robert p. jones , ceo of prri , because of the exceptionally large pool of respondents : 40,000 adult americ
ronen ziv had tickets to travel to nepal for his child 's birth from a surrogate mother , but now he has no choice but to wait in his native israel for news . the israeli ministry of foreign affairs estimates there are about 600 to 700 israelis in nepal .
shin kyung-min , a lawmaker with the new politics alliance for democracy , told a handful of reporters that he had been given the information by the south korean national intelligence service . he considers those a challenge to his authority and does not countenance excuses or any views at variance with his own .
california developed the infrastructure and system of legal rights it uses to distribute water at a time when the population was much smaller than it is today . brown 's measures may be temporary , but we can hope that they 'll be a step toward a more permanent reformation of the state 's water distribution system .
frank jordan , 37 , took his 35-foot sailboat out to the gulf stream to find some better fishing . jordan drifted in the atlantic , rationing food and water until his shoulder healed . the younger jordan said he held hope because his son had a good boat .
yong soo lee of taegu , korea , was lured by a friend of hers to meet an older japanese man . the man took the two of them , and three other teenage girls , by train , then ship , to taiwan . lee suffered beatings and torture , was infected with a venereal disease , was fed paltry amounts of food , faced temperatures so cold that ice formed on her body , and was never allowed outside . only the end
candace monacelli , 21 , talked about marriage with a group of journalism students from my alma mater , kent state university . they came to me for career advice , which i gave them , but but i also picked their brains about politics , religion and marriage . their views on marriage intrigued me the most .
the volcano has already erupted twice this week , spewing ash to a depth of about 23 1/2 inches -lrb- 60 centimeters -rrb- in some places . new advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12,000 feet . in ensenada , houses , trees and even sheep were blanketed gray with ash , cnn 's shasta darlington reported .
anthony sideri was 25 , shivering , sweating , throwing up and going through the full withdrawals of heroin . he had just robbed a bank after shooting up heroin all day . he lost his eligibility to play sports , but when he was drunk or high , none of that mattered . after graduating from high school in 2000 , he began snorting the drugs to feel the effects faster .
the probe was expected to hit the surface at 8,750 miles per hour and to create an impact crater 52 feet -lrb- 16 meters -rrb- in diameter . when scientists determined there was no way to save it , they held a briefing this month to celebrate the mission 's success .
isis sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law . even if the group is most often talked about for its barbaric punishment of anyone who resists or defies its medieval interpretation of that islamic law , even if they defies it . so , they quickly reopened the university of mosul , albeit under a radically altered curriculum .
the arguments unfurled inside a packed courtroom on tuesday while supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rallied outside . many questions centered around the definition of marriage and whether the decision to authorize or ban gay marriage should be left to voters in individual states or decided by the judicial system . kennedy has penned three decisions in favor of gay rights over the years .
the information came from two officials with the governor 's office in ibb province , where the school is located , as well as houthi sources from the rebel group that is fighting for control of the country . the incident was another example of what has become evident in recent days : the chaos in yemen , now the scene of some of the most chaotic fighting in the middle east .
in the past 10 days , as many as 1,600 deaths in the mediterranean , suddenly minds are focused -- for now . they had come to misrata from ghana , nigeria and elsewhere , hoping to board rickety boats to cross the sea to europe . they were pinned down under sporadic shelling from government forces , but were n't welcome by the rebels who controlled the city .
the calabrese is italy 's southernmost territory and just over 110 kilometers from the tunisian coast . it has been the first point of entry to europe for tens of thousands of migrants from africa and the middle east . but in recent years its 12-man crew has joined italian effort to rescue migrants .
the death toll of 1,832 is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed . the quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years . residents are used to earthquakes in nepal , and many thought the start of saturday 's quake was a tremor .
erica kinsman alleges sexual battery , false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress . winston led the florida state seminoles to a national championship for the 2013 season and won the heisman , given to the most outstanding collegiate football player . kinsman also sued the university in january .
attorney stephen patrick beatty confirmed he is representing kent . kent was being held on a charge of curfew violation , according to maryland department of public safety and correctional services . seven were for curfew violations , but even though more than 100 people who had been held at the city 's booking center were released earlier in the day .
andrea swift , 57 , quit her job as a mutual fund marketing executive to raise swift 's younger brother , austin . in a post on tumblr , swift said that for christmas last year , she asked her mom to get screened for potential health issues , `` just to ease some worries of mine '' .
sarah brady , 73 , died of pneumonia , her family said . she was the chairwoman of the brady campaign to prevent gun violence from 2000 until she died in august . brady was shot in the head by john hinckley jr. during his attempt to assassinate reagan in 1981 .
izzat ibrahim al-douri was the highest-ranking member of hussein 's regime to evade capture -- the `` king of clubs '' in a deck of playing cards used by american troops to identify the most-wanted regime officials . he also was a man thought to have led the post-hussein sunni extremist group naqshbandi army .
chinese president xi jinping and indian prime minister narendra modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world 's two most populous nations . when india successfully placed a spacecraft into orbit around mars last year , modi reveled in the moment . soon after the galactic feat , he took to the stage at new york 's famous madison square garden and received a welcome so rapturous that jon stewart called him `` america 's first mod
the u.n. refugee agency manages the dadaab complex , having set up the first camps there in late 1991 amid somalia 's civil war . kenya 's government says that attack was masterminded by senior al-shabaab leader mohamed mohamud . ruto said his government has had discussions with united nations officials about what to do with the camp .
grass died in a clinic in the city of luebeck , where he was taken over the weekend . german media are reporting he died of pneumonia . during the nazi era , ethnic poles and jews were persecuted and deported from the multicultural city , at a time when they faced the possibility of mass murder .
bikram choudhury was accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students . now , the bikram brand is in jeopardy , with some yoga studios dropping his name after the guru was accused . he said he wanted to set the record straight , `` tell the truth to the world , that i never assaulted them '' .
the `` smart bullets '' passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date , according to the defense advanced research projects agency . in the tests , an experienced marksman `` repeatedly hit moving and evading targets '' . the system has been developed by darpa 's extreme accuracy tasked ordnance program , known as exacto .
vladimir putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public . it is direct access to the russian leader , or at least as direct as most russians will ever get . at one call center in moscow , where the public are encouraged to pitch their putin questions , officials say more than 200,000 questions were submitted in the first hour after lines opened .
six protesters used ropes and harnesses monday to scale the huge platform in the pacific ocean . they plan to occupy the underside of the rig 's main deck and say they have enough supplies to stay there for several days . greenpeace is furious over a decision by u.s. authorities to lift the suspensions on leases to drill for oil and gas in the chukchi sea , which lies between northern alaska and russia .
the two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years . the meeting was so important that bernadette meehan , national security council spokesperson , issued a statement : `` at the summit of the americas this evening , president obama and president castro greeted each other and shook hands '' . cuba and the united states had endured a half-century of enmity , the tension worsened by the two nations being only 90 miles apart .
solar impulse 2 , the experimental plane attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel , has been grounded by the weather in chongqing . it 's an unexpected layover that is testing the patience of the pilots and more than 60 team members , just a quarter of the way along a journey that will cover some 35,000 kilometers -lrb- 21,748 miles -rrb- over five months . their mission , which the pilots say is aimed at proving the
freddie gray did not get timely medical care after he was arrested and was not buckled into a seat belt while being transported in a police van , baltimore police said friday . five days after gray 's death and amid ongoing protests , police officials acknowledged mistakes were made during and after his arrest .
the five activists were freed from the haidian detention center on the outskirts of beijing late monday . they were picked up by police in three different cities just before march 8 , the international women 's day . the women are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation and may face charges in the future .
spacex launched a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida , to the international space station . in a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time , the private space exploration company was unsuccessful . he later clarified that the rocket landed , but tipped over .
paul nungesser was cleared of responsibility in emma sulkowicz 's 2013 rape claim . her case drew national attention after she started carrying a mattress around campus to protest the school 's handling of the complaint . cnn does not usually name individuals in sexual assault cases , but in this instance , both parties have spoken publicly about their experience .
freddie gray suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later . gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of baltimore known for drugs . police have said gray was not buckled in with a seat belt during the ride to a booking center .
the people of nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide . each day is a struggle in many parts of the country , but there is something you can do to make an impact . we have vetted a list of organizations working in nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts .
the u.s. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world 's oceans by boasting the most technologically advanced submarine fleet . however , officials say china and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces . concern that chinese submarines are still technologically inferior to those used by the united states , but that margin of difference is shrinking .
feidin santana , the man who recorded a north charleston police officer fatally shooting a fleeing , unarmed man , told cnn on thursday night he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident . `` one of the officers told me to stop , but it was because i -lrb- said -rrb- to them that what they did it was an abuse and i witnessed everything , '' he told cooper an officer told him to wait where he
william melendez , 49 , was arrested after the january traffic stop on charges of drug possession , assaulting an officer and resisting arrest . on monday , wayne county prosecutor kym worthy announced charges of assault and mistreatment of a prisoner against dent . on wednesday , drug charges against dent , 57 , were formally dropped in michigan circuit court , clearing the motorist of all wrongdoing .
boko haram has killed thousands in the nation 's northeast by attacking villages , schools , churches and mosques . it has also kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in april last year . the militants have attacked relentlessly for six years , sending 192,000 people seeking shelter in cameroon , niger and chad .
protesters chanted `` out with dilma '' and `` time for change '' . police estimated that 275,000 demonstrators marched in sao paulo . rousseff won re-election with just over 50 % of the votes in october . her approval rating plummeted to 13 % after protests began last month .
cyark , a non-profit company founded by an iraqi-born engineer , is using groundbreaking laser scanning to ensure that -- at the very least -- incredibly accurate digital versions of the world 's treasures will stay with us forever . if loss ca n't be avoided , technology can lend a hand .
yuhei takashima , 64 , was arrested on wednesday over allegations he photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14 and produced pornography in a hotel room . the pictures were kept in more than 400 photo albums . the philippines is a notorious destination for sex tourists , including pedophiles .
footage from the patrol car of north charleston 's michael slager shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and scott . scott tells the officer he does not have insurance and is in the process of purchasing the vehicle . the passenger 's identity was not given in a police report obtained by cnn , but another officer responding to the incident said in the report that the passenger was detained and placed in the back seat of a police vehicle .
franklin county sheriff pat melton , the man leading the investigation into the estimated $ 26,000 in missing pappy , said at the time that the high-end heist was `` indicative of an inside job '' . but ever since , the trail went largely cold . on tuesday , a grand jury indicted `` nine members of a criminal syndicate that collaborated to promote or engage in the theft ... and illegal trafficking '' of liquor from two different kentucky distilleries . the alleged
the indian army 's everest expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers from a base camp who had been preparing to scale the mountain . separately , dr. nima namgyal told cnn he has seen 14 bodies so far . reiter was safe but shaken by the devastation .
president barack obama met with raul castro , the first time the two nations ' top leaders have sat down for substantive talks in more than 50 years . both leaders proclaimed progress had been made , a key stumbling block -- cuba 's place on the u.s. list of countries that sponsor terror . castro said he trusted obama , claiming that decades of strain had done little to benefit either cubans or citizens of the united states .
the third world happiness report released by the sustainable development solutions network for the united nations on april 23 . people who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support . the tiny country of bhutan , a very happy country famous for measuring the `` gross national happiness '' of its people , gets the credit for focusing world attention on happiness .
charleston mayor joseph riley comes by to pay his respects and show support for the scott family . the stress of the past week since scott was fatally shot in the back by a north charleston police officer is too much . meanwhile , police continue to investigate the incident in which scott ran from his car after a traffic stop then was shot while fleeing from slager .
nearly all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central mediterranean crossing from libya to italy . the flows reflect a significant increase in the number of refugees and internally displaced people across the world . the latest sinking has triggered some action in the european union , which has unveiled a new ten-point action plan .
the al-furqan media video shows two groups of men , one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black , being killed at different locations in libya . one group is beheaded on a beach along the mediterranean sea , while the other is shot in southern libya , hundreds of miles away .
isis and al-shabaab aim to create societies governed by strict , distorted versions of sharia law . for example , most victims of isis are fellow muslims who refuse to go along with the isis worldview and ruthless tactics . still , there 's ample evidence that christians have been targeted .
the ousted president was convicted on charges of violence and inciting violence and sentenced to 20 years in prison . he stood trial with 14 co-defendants , including some of his presidential staff . all were also acquitted of murder . morsy became egypt 's first democratically elected president in june 2012 .
the virgin mary church was torched and looted by a mob , some of whom chanted against coptic christians and called for egypt to become an `` islamic state '' . others attacked included st. george church in sohag , a city south of cairo on the nile river , and prince tadros church in fayoum , which is southwest of egypt . most of those sentenced -- 52 of the 73 defendants -- were tried in absentia , with 21
the body of odin lloyd was found in an industrial park in north attleboro , massachusetts , more than 22 months ago . the former new england patriots tight end had been shot seven times near a pile of construction waste . hernandez also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide .
edwin sabuhoro volunteered to infiltrate poachers on their own turf by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla . the warden in rwanda 's volcanoes national park , home to the endangered mountain gorilla , was determined to do whatever was necessary to protect the animals he was committed to defend . following a series of incidents in 2004 where wildlife had been lost , he volunteered to visit the jailed poachers , as well as their families , to apologize for tricking them and find
hollywood has yet to cast an actual jew as jesus . if not following all of history 's clues -- then at least inching closer . flipping through the channels on a day millions of western christians celebrated the resurrection of their savior , a natgeo production rebroadcast sunday on fox .
evidian can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels . at 30 angstroms -- a unit of measurement equal to one hundred millionth of a centimeter -- an obsidian scalpel can rival diamond in the fineness of its edge . even today , a small number of surgeons are using an ancient technology to carry out fine incisions that they say heal with minimal scarring .
on saturday , hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate record store day , an annual celebration of , well , your neighborhood record store . many stores will host live performances , drawings , book signings , special sales of rare or autographed vinyl and other happenings . they also employ knowledgeable clerks who will be happy to debate the relative merits of `` blood on the tracks '' and `` blonde on blonde '' .
ernst haas is an early member of the great magnum photos cooperative who was famous enough in his prime to have been the subject of a museum of modern art exhibit in 1962 . the photographers such as haas were entrusted to bring their talent and style to the work . not only did the work pay off financially , but the photographers also established relationships with members of the industry .
judge granted robert bates permission to go to the bahamas for a family vacation . bates , 73 , was working as a reserve deputy for the tulsa county sheriff 's office on april 2 when he was involved the arrest of eric harris in a weapons sting operation . harris fled from officers , but mistakenly shot harris with a taser instead .
fatu kekula , 23 , was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in liberia when ebola struck and her mother , father , sister and cousin came down with the disease . at emory university nell hodgson woodruff school of nursing in atlanta , she 's learning skills she can take back home to care for her fellow liberians . at the time , about 70 % of ebola patients were full and no doctors would visit her home ,
ben , now 34 , and shelby , a newly minted 30-year-old , were married and raising little maeve , 3 months , in caledonia , michigan , when life suddenly turns upside down . shelby says of the back pain and the `` odd '' feeling that prompted her to go to the hospital .
the gowns have gotten a face-lift after some help from fashion designers like these from patient style and the henry ford innovation institute . the cleveland clinic was an early trendsetter after being prompted by the ceo , who often heard patient complaints when he was a practicing heart surgeon .
at least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them . mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said she was profoundly disappointed by the violence , adding that 95 % of the protesters were respectful but a `` small group of agitators intervened '' . vandals broke and damaged storefront windows and trashed one 7-eleven , police commissioner anthony batts said .
swiss physicist jean-pierre wolf is working on another impressive addition to that list : using focused laser beams to affect the weather . it sounds like black magic , but it 's actually a cleaner version of cloud seeding , a form of weather modification that has been used for several years -- most famously by china in preparation for the 2008 olympics .
most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly . the freed yazidis were received by peshmerga , who sent them to the kurdish regional capital , irbil . it was n't immediately clear what motivated the release , other than asserting that arab tribal leaders helped to coordinate it .
dr. anthony moschetto faces criminal solicitation , burglary , criminal prescription sale and weapons charges . he was released after posting $ 2 million bond and surrendering his passport . two other men -- identified as james chmela , 43 , and james kalamaras , 41 -- were named as accomplices .
selena dohal , 8 , and her skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood , two and a half hours from the nepalese capital , to the ground on saturday . the girl has received some treatment at another hospital but has been brought to bir in the hopes her life can be saved .
jackson gordon , 21 , is an industrial design student at philadelphia university . gordon has a full suit of armor plating , cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife . the batsuit had to be strong -- tough enough to withstand the stab or slash of a knife , but light and articulate enough to make it practical .
the flurry of arrests is a sign that complicated , manpower-intensive investigations begun when isis started seizing swaths of territory a year ago are finally being completed . but they also highlight the unique challenges that isis poses in comparison with al qaeda , which has attracted fewer u.s.-based recruits . like a new rock band storming the music charts , isis has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda .
the magnitude-7 .8 earthquake has killed more than 1,800 people , and the death toll is expected to rise . google india launched a person finder website to work as a clearinghouse for information on those who are in the disaster zone . those in the affected area can use facebook to alert their family and friends that they are ok .
a total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in tikrit . when the first three bodies were found , 10 iraqi soldiers saluted the dead by firing seven shots into the air . the national anthem was played while soldiers wept . all the bodies were decomposed .
the man , rishi khanal , was saved after a french search and rescue team found him under the rubble on the outskirts of kathmandu , the capital . it took about 10 more hours for the french team and police officers to dig him out , the spokesman for the armed police force of nepal said .
eight of mary jane veloso 's fellow death row inmates were put to death by firing squad early wednesday in a wooded grove on the indonesian island of nusa kambangan . her family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison on so-called `` execution island '' . supporters were `` overjoyed '' with the news .
demonstrators peacefully dispersed wednesday night after a 10 p.m. curfew meant to prevent riots that tore up the city two days earlier . many wore t-shirts that said `` black lives matter '' demanding accountability for the death of freddie gray . while the baltimore protesters remained calm , some of their counterparts across the country were not .
denver police report nine arrests in wednesday 's demonstrations . the charges include assault of a police officer , robbery , resisting police , disobedience to lawful orders , and interference . the rally was organized through social media , much like protests over the killing of eric garner , who died while police held him in what appeared to be a chokehold .
zuriel oduwole was born in california to a nigerian father and a mauritian mother . she already has four documentaries under her belt -- all of which focus on african issues . aged 12 , she decided to enter a school documentary-making competition with a film about the ghana revolution .
l'hermione , with three sail masts and bright royal blue and gold markings , is a painstaking replica of an 18th century french frigate . it set sail in france on saturday for virginia to retrace a journey through american history . in 1780 , the original hermione was assigned to a french nobleman who fought as a general in george washington 's army against the british .
at least 16 nations have rushed to send supplies and workers to the stricken country . but now the nepalese government and army who are leading the disaster response face another problem : how to effectively coordinate and organize the massive influx of humanitarian aid . nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid .
the fbi said friday that it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the videotaped beating of a suspect in san bernardino . the suspect allegedly fled by car , foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him . ten deputies identified as being involved in the case have been put on paid administrative leave .
park eun-mi waited to see if one of them was her 16-year-old daughter , huh da-yun . the divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions . a year later , park 's life remains at a standstill , nine have yet to be found .
maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the federated states of micronesia . its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the philippine island of luzon on sunday . that could interrupt the easter celebration for many in the predominantly catholic nation , which may be socked by heavy rains and potent winds .
dr. michael anstead at the university of kentucky , katie 's pulmonologist since she was a little girl , had lectured her many times that face-to-face meetings with other cf patients were a bad idea . in their online conversations , one of the first things dalton told her about himself was that he had burkholderia cepacia , a horribly dangerous infection for people with cf.
the exodus of christians from iraq started prior to isis -- and the civil war in the mid-2000s took an especially heavy toll . today , most iraqi christians live in kurdish areas in the north , which have been a relative haven of stability . so far , the kurds have been taking heavy losses to defend christian and yezidi minorities against isis .
two african-american candidates won their wards tuesday night to make the six-member city council 50 % black . supporters of both candidates said that from the tragedy of a young black man 's death , a new day dawned in ferguson . both jones and wesley bell , who won the ward 3 seat with nearly 67 % of the vote , said they did not see their victories from a racial perspective .
pope francis risked turkish anger on sunday by using the word `` genocide '' to refer to the mass killings of armenians a century ago under the ottoman empire . he said at a mass at st. peter 's basilica to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the armenian massacres . his use of the term genocide -- even though he was quoting from the declaration -- upset turkey .
the video is being dissected by frame by authorities and media outlets , all in an effort to reconstruct what exactly happened between north charleston police officer michael slager , a five-year employee of that force , and walter scott , 50 . slager was charged tuesday with first-degree murder after firing eight shots at scott . scott was a father of four .
noelle velentzas , 28 , and her former roommate , 31-year-old asia siddiqui , were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the united states . the complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism . the women face a maximum sentence of life in prison .
the potential for contamination was discovered when a routine , random sample collected at a michigan store on march 30 tested positive for listeria monocytogenes . the fda issued a list of the products in the recall . anyone who has purchased any of the items is urged to dispose of or return it to the store for a full refund .
the london-based syrian observatory for human rights says isis and the al qaeda-affiliated al-nusra front took control of 90 % of the camp in southern damascus . calling the lives of yarmouk refugees `` profoundly threatened '' on sunday , the united nations relief and works agency issued a statement urging humanitarian aid access . the unrwa estimates 18,000 civilians remain trapped in the camp that has been engulfed in fighting between the government and rebel forces since december
at least 10 iraqi security forces were killed in the hours-long assault . the northern ramadi districts of albu faraj , albu essa and albu risha were in the hands of isis by the time the day was done . ramadi has seen intense and persistent fighting for months .
cnn senior international correspondent arwa damon saw a large mechanical digger packed with explosives that iraqi forces had to disarm . the troops , she said , were cautious when they entered buildings in case they were wired to explode . plumes of smoke rose from burning buildings in the background . federal police said they dismantled hundreds of ieds -lrb- improvised explosive devices -rrb- wednesday .
the new york post published an item titled `` lena dunham backs hillary for president '' while gossip site tmz refers to the former flotus , u.s. senator , and secretary of state on a first-name basis . even the new republic posted a piece about the run called `` there 's nothing inevitable about hillary '' . despite her decorated career in government , we 've long called clinton by her first name only , and so it goes this time around
the unrest carried on until about 3 a.m. and three police vehicles were damaged by rocks . the renewed tensions in ferguson follow rioting in baltimore after the death of freddie gray . the 25-year-old was arrested by police on april 12 and died one week later from a fatal spinal cord injury .
walter scott was also the father of four children and served in the coast guard before being honorably discharged . his brother anthony scott said thursday it could have been related to `` child support and a fear of maybe going back to -lrb- jail -rrb- ' .
the call came just before the u.n. security council met late saturday morning to discuss the situation in the arabian peninsula nation . a pause was needed especially in and near the southern yemeni port city of aden , where intense fighting has happened in the past two weeks . meanwhile , residents of sanaa witnessed the fiercest saudi strikes since the air assault started last week .
the students at the ibnu-siina school in northern kenya are getting a so-called `` western '' education , taking lessons in subjects like mathematics , science and english . but it 's an education that al-shabaab -- the somali-based terror group -- is trying to prevent the children from obtaining , according to the head of the school .
ap mccoy is the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses . his horse shutthefrontdoor was in the leading group as it negotiated the likes for becher 's brooke and the chair , some of the toughest jumps in racing .
a federal jury convicted the four in october after a lengthy trial that saw some 30 witnesses travel from iraq to testify against the security contractors . prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashed `` powerful sniper fire , machine guns and grenade launchers on innocent men , women and children '' . the jury convicted liberty of eight counts of voluntary manslaughter , 17 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense .
an unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the capitol early saturday afternoon and shot himself . witnesses told cnn dozens of shocked onlookers watched , including some young children . capitol police chief kim dine said there was `` no nexus to terrorism '' apparent so far in this incident .
lockheed c-130 hercules flew five cars 12,000 feet high , open a cargo door at the rear of the plane and parachute them out in a spectacular free-fall stunt . the film makes it appear as if another plane -- a c-17 globemaster iii -- drops the cars .
passengers were mostly indian nationals , plus yemenis and people from other countries who had been working in yemen 's capital , sanaa . they sprinted or walked with deliberation to the airplanes . after takeoff , the flight attendants went up and down the aisle offering drinks to the 188 evacuees as if they were on a vacation flight .
the corpses of four al-shabaab attackers -- dressed head to toe in black and still clutching their ak-47s -- remained where they fell , their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets . investigators marked the locations of students ' bodies with numbered tags before red cross workers came in to send them off to morgues .
the plus-size clothing retailer has launched an ad campaign for its cacique line titled #imnoangel . the campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at victoria 's secret and its very popular angels line , which caters to smaller women . the lingerie giant was criticized last year for a campaign featuring the words `` perfect body '' over images of slender supermodels .
the incident occurred in june , and harrison 's family filed a lawsuit in november . within five seconds of that first command , the 39-year-old schizophrenic man is shot five times -- including twice in the back as he crashes headlong into the home 's garage door .
nasa chief scientist ellen stofan said tuesday that scientists have found evidence or indications of water on a number of celestial bodies . the hubble space telescope has been key to the discoveries , nasa said in a news release . still , former astronaut john grunsfeld said it 's just a matter of time before we find life outside our solar system as well .
the dreamworks film centered on the cast of a canceled space tv show who are accidentally sent to a spaceship and must save an alien nation . tv land 's ` younger ' renewed for second season . the film 's director dean parisot , producer mark johnson and johnson 's producing partner melissa bernstein .
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of japan 's equivalent to the white house on wednesday . the discovery came on the same day a japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the sendai nuclear power plant in kagoshima prefecture . investigators suspect the cesium was placed in the bottle .
the nypd bomb squad on friday examined a locker thought to contain a suspicious package and found it was empty , a law enforcement official said . other lockers checked as a precautionary measure , the source said . all civilians were evacuated and only emergency personnel remained on liberty island , according to police .
low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis , and low-wage jobs remain a fixture of the new economy . nearly 60 % of the people in america 's workforce are paid hourly and work part-time . this type of scheduling has increased dramatically because of sophisticated software that ties staffing to expected customer traffic .
the new south china mall opened to the public in 2005 in dongguan . the goal was to attract 100,000 visitors a day with an array of entertainment , shops and eateries . but despite the grand plans neither stores nor shoppers came . soon it was classified by industry analysts as a `` dead mall '' .
patrick cherry , an nypd detective assigned to the fbi 's joint terrorism task force with top-secret security clearance , faces suspension , reassignment or loss of his clearance . the altercation began monday when the uber driver gestured to a detective in an unmarked car to use his blinker after he was allegedly attempting to park without using it . in the video , the detective tells the driver he has committed `` three traffic and law violations '' and then becomes irate and uses expletives
brian rogers and caitlin mcguire started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010 , but when colorado became the first state to allow the sale of recreational marijuana , they saw a once-in-a-lifetime business opportunity . when the new legislation took effect on january 1 , 2014 , they could then sell to any of the 30,000-plus tourists -lrb- 21 years or older -rrb- who visited breckenridge . by the
brynn duncan , 21 , is back at home in easley , south carolina . her food allergies change so frequently , keeping track is almost pointless . brynn quips as she tells the story , as if it 's about her first day of college or a shopping trip gone wrong .
hundreds of thousands of brazilians are taking to the streets in her support . demonstrators have called for the president to be impeached . petrobras was long considered the corporate jewel in brazil 's crown . but last year investigators launched a sweeping investigation into the scheme . most of the politicians accused in the investigation belong to the president 's workers party and its allies .
the gathering started with quiet chatter among a crowd of hundreds before mourners went silent and moved toward one end of nairobi 's uhuru park . the attack at a university in garissa on thursday killed 147 people , mostly students . the al-shabaab militant group claimed responsibility .
president joko widodo has made it clear he intends to show no mercy toward those found guilty of such crimes . that tough stance casts a further pall on two australian drug smugglers , part of the so-called `` bali nine '' . they are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad after an indonesian court rejected a last ditch effort to gain clemency from widodo on monday . the 31-year-old chan has been called the
the abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls a year ago captured global attention . unicef released a report on the crisis titled `` missing childhoods '' . the campaign has `` leading snapchat artists '' sharing images based on drawings from children in nigeria , chad , niger and cameroon .
the afghan police force is a generous facility that was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country with uniforms , ammunition , even fuel for vehicles . but the project has been handed between rotations of u.s. officers and is perhaps a little distant from its first conception . there are no doorhandles on the outer doors -- we 're told they 've been removed while a new master key is being sought .
the technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air , using ultrasound . changes in air pressure are perceived as suspended tactile surfaces , creating invisible -- but tangible -- interfaces . facebook 's oculus rift and magic leap are leading the pack , but several other companies are readying devices in a field that could shake the foundations of electronic entertainment .
google maps has been at the center of a few , including a pokemon challenge and a treasure map . twitterers have been tickled by the possibilities , playing pac-man in manhattan , on the university of illinois quad , in central london and down crooked lombard street in san francisco .
aaron hernandez is on trial for murder in the death of his fiancee , shayanna jenkins . jury deliberations resume wednesday at 9 p.m. et . the former patriots star is accused of killing jenkins"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
laura bernardini is a director of coverage at cnn which means i manage our newsgathering and newsroom in washington . during the course of that conversation , i admitted something that has privately bothered me for a long time . this from someone who jokingly refers to herself as the highest-ranking catholic in the bureau .
china has now updated the practice for the digital age . designed by the central party school , the app aims to `` arouse enthusiasm '' for socialist ideologies . it even has an interactive map that allows you to pinpoint exactly where he made the speeches . xi is keen to be portrayed as a strong leader and as a man of the people .
stan freberg died of natural causes at a santa monica hospital , his son and daughter confirmed to the hollywood reporter . the godfather of humorous and irreverent commercials , freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a `` guerilla satirist '' . the new york times dubbed him the `` che guevara of advertising , '' and years later , `` weird al '' yankovic called him a major influence on his career .
cynthia cheroitich went into a closet covering herself with clothes . her two roommates hid under their beds , until the gunmen called them out . the 19-year-old student did n't see what happened next , but she heard more than enough . `` they were shooting everywhere , '' she said .
the law unleashed an intense backlash against indiana , led by tech giants like the ncaa , amid concerns it would allow businesses to turn away gay and lesbian customers . santorum , who is likely to mount another presidential campaign in 2016 , said on cbs ' `` face the nation '' on sunday that pence 's decision to sign a follow-up bill led to a `` limited view '' of religious freedom .
joni mitchell , 71 , has been hospitalized in southern california . she regained consciousness on the ambulance ride to an l.a. area hospital . some of mitchell 's best-known songs are `` big yellow taxi , '' `` help me '' and `` free man in paris '' .
the 34-member team plans to depart for kathmandu on saturday and start the ascent in mid-may . the upcoming trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first indian team to scale mount everest twice . more than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the peak , part of a unesco world heritage site .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu on friday demanded that any final deal include a `` clear and unambiguous iranian recognition of israel 's right to exist '' . netanyahu has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with iran , insisting again and again it ca n't be trusted . he took his case to the u.s. congress last month , at a time before negotiators had hammered out any sort of agreement , over the objections of president barack obama
two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms ryndam at 11:30 a.m. thursday . fbi spokesman moises quiñones said authorities were on scene investigating . the ship left tampa , florida , on a 14-day southern caribbean cruise .
president hassan rouhani said his government kept its word to iranians when negotiating the framework deal , which was agreed upon thursday and sets parameters for talks that could lead to a comprehensive deal by a june 30 deadline . chief among them is that iran would keep at least some centrifuges and no longer face international sanctions .
tornadoes , fierce winds and severe thunderstorms are predicted for the midwest and for the plains . severe weather is perilous anytime , of course , but cnn meteorologist chad myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night . by thursday afternoon , storms will hit parts of indiana and kentucky .
tornadoes , fierce winds and severe thunderstorms are predicted for the midwest and for the plains . severe weather is perilous anytime , of course , but cnn meteorologist chad myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night . by thursday afternoon , storms will hit parts of indiana and kentucky .
sierra sharry and lane smith were just about to become parents . but smith fell and hit his head . he was taken to the ou medical center in oklahoma city . when it was time for his 6-month pictures , sharry had a special request . maybe the photographer could make their family complete .
kenya 's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over . but the blood of 147 people slaughtered and 79 more injured , when al-shabaab opened fire at a college campus in garissa on thursday , has them debating them with renewed vigor . the number of people killed in the attack is plaguing kenyans with self-doubt . with the highest death toll since the 1998 al qaeda bombing on the u.s. embassy in nairobi ,
the man on the phone was offering us young children with the casualness of a market trader . after a week of back and forth phone calls , his initial caginess had given way to greed . he 'd heard my foreign accent and clearly decided i would pay more than the domestic rate . he said : `` we 'd been put in touch with the man through a contact on the ground '' .
regina agyare is teaching local teens how to code in nima , a slum in the ghanaian capital of accra . the tech entrepreneur says life is often challenging for many local girls , with some growing up without ever leaving the community . she says she was shocked when she thought we had gone past that .
the indiana law justifies discrimination in the name of religious freedom , says sen. chuck schumer . schumer is one who can offer clarity over the controversy surrounding indiana 's version of the law . he says the law was intended to protect individual 's religious freedom from government intervention . the law also protects private companies , schumer says .
alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire jeffrey epstein . buckingham palace denied the allegations , which surfaced in a court filing in january . in his decision , u.s. district court judge kenneth marra denied a motion by two women to join a lawsuit accusing the federal government of violating their rights .
more than 60 people were rescued thursday from the chilly waters in russia 's far east . the dalniy vostok freezer trawler -- a commercial fishing vessel -- was carrying 132 people . the majority coming from myanmar , ukraine , lithuania and vanuatu .
the deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on iran 's nuclear program has come and gone with no deal . the sides are still talking . whether your glass is half-full or half-empty , it does n't change the fact that it 's not easy to reach resolutions on complex issues involving nuclear physics and international relations . the whole point of what 's happening in lausanne , switzerland is to get everyone on the same page about what kinds
flight voice recorder aboard germanwings flight 9525 reportedly captured blaring cockpit alarms , warning co-pilot andreas lubitz to `` pull up '' . but that was not enough to stop the aircraft from slamming into the french alps . new calls from aviation experts to develop and deploy enhanced crash avoidance software that could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude .
gov. mike pence is making the right call . promoting the false dichotomy between protecting religion versus protecting equality serves no one . not all people who dislike the law want to discriminate against the lgbt community . it is a good thing for society to shape its laws in ways that allow people to live their lives consistent with their sincerely held religious obligations .
frida ghitis : this is the time of the year when christians the world over -- more than 2 billion of us -- reflect upon the crucifixion and resurrection of our lord . in light of the tragic massacre of christian college students in kenya on thursday , we are calling upon christians to also reflect upon crucifixion , beheading , stoning , enforced slavery , sexual abuse , harassment , bombing and displacement of hundreds of thousands of christians . by then , nearly every remaining
muhammadu buhari , 72 , won nigeria 's presidential election , defeating incumbent goodluck jonathan by about two million votes . his win comes after a long history of military rule , coups and botched attempts at democracy in the country . buhari also campaigned as a born-again democrat to allay fears about his strict military regime the last time around .
` furious 7 ' is expected to gross $ 115 million or more when opening at the north american box office this weekend . anything north of 4,000 is usually reserved for summer tentpoles and year-end titles . overseas , the movie is also poised to do massive business , putting its global debut north of $ 250 million .
governor jerry brown on wednesday imposed mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents , businesses and farms . the 25 % cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water over the next nine months . the reduction in water use does not apply to the agriculture industry , except for the requirement that it report more information on its groundwater use .
fast-food workers are making it less acceptable for profitable companies like mcdonald 's to pay wages so low that its workers are boxed into poverty . this action would raise starting wages at 1,500 mcdonalds - owned restaurants to at least $ 1 an hour more than the minimum wage set by local law . this raise is n't enough to make paying for groceries , rent and transportation much easier , especially coming from a company that makes nearly $ 5 billion a year in profits .
many iranians erupted in celebration as young people waved flags from their sunroofs , blasted music from stereos and chatted online with the hashtag #irantalks . excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the united states and other world powers that promises to end iran 's international isolation under years of crippling sanctions .
the life-size bronze statue in celoron , new york , has been likened to conway twitty , the snake from `` beetlejuice '' and actor steve buscemi . even mayor scott schrecengost has gone on record saying he does not care for the statue , which shows the comic star holding a bottle of fictional nutrition elixir vitameatavegamin .
dilkhayot kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men -- abdurasul hasanovich juraboev , akhror saidakhmetov , and abror habibov -- were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization . those three have pleaded not guilty . the indictment and a criminal complaint filed last month . saidakhstanmetov has also been charged with travel document fraud after telling authorities he intended to travel
the moon slipped fully into earth 's shadow at 4:58 a.m. pacific time . the celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before , during and after , giving the moon the appearance that earns total eclipses the `` blood moon '' nickname . watchers in the eastern half of north america caught only a partial eclipse -- and in some places , an orange one -- before the moon set below the horizon .
the election could result in the handing of power from david cameron 's conservative government to the labour party . very strict rules govern reporting of uk elections , but until they kick in , here are some things you should know -- who are the candidates . queen elizabeth ii is officially britain 's head of state , but she signs off on legislation and appoints new prime ministers .
thousands of people were affected , including passengers stranded on trains and subways . municipal workers were forced to evacuate istanbul 's marmaray tunnel , where the black-out left commuters trapped deep beneath the rushing waters of the bosphorus strait . the prime minister did not rule out the possibility of a terror attack .
interviews between the city 's top court clerk and two police officers were discovered during a u.s. justice department investigation of racial prejudice . the emails -- which make offensive references to president barack obama , first lady michelle obama as well as muslims and minorities -- were obtained by the washington post on thursday .
andrew getty , 47 , died tuesday afternoon in his home in los angeles . his mother and father also `` requested that members of the media and the public respect -lrb- the family 's -rrb- privacy during this extremely difficult time '' . a female friend was at the home where getty died and is cooperating with investigators .
andreas lubitz sped up the descent of the plane to its doom on march 24 . his case raises larger and important issues about people who are burdened with mental illness and the pressure of its stigma . some people feel a need to keep their mental illness a secret while others decline to seek help .
prince harry arrived monday in australia , where he 'll be spending four weeks with the country 's military . before reporting for duty , the 30-year-old visited the tomb of the unknown australian soldier . some snapped photos of the royal visitor , while one boy held a sign celebrating the prince 's hair color : `` red heads rule ! '' .
kamron taylor , 23 , jumped a correctional officer at kankakee 's jerome combs detention center , then took off with the guard 's uniform and suv . surveillance video was the last officials saw of taylor until just before midnight friday , in chicago . the suspect ran five city blocks before being tracked down , carrying a loaded handgun .
two of the airstrikes hit al-shabaab training camps , a resident said . kenyan authorities had intelligence beforehand that a university in garissa could be attacked . it 's not clear why the elite team was stuck in nairobi for hours after the massacre began , arranging for transport .
mike premeau and kathy danke found themselves thrust unwillingly into a national debate over indiana 's controversial religious freedom restoration act . the two were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas , including breakfast pizzas and gluten-free options , in stores across nichols , west of green bay .
two people , one of them a licensed greyhound trainer , have been arrested . two bundaberg residents , a 71-year-old man and a 64-year old woman , were each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm . the animal rights organization is assisting queensland police in their investigation .
the flight data recorder , or `` black box , '' was found thursday by recovery teams that have spent days since the march 24 crash scouring the mountainside in the french alps . evidence from the plane 's cockpit voice recorder , recovered swiftly after the crash , had already led investigators to believe that lubitz acted deliberately to bring down the plane .
prince harry is due to arrive in australia on monday for a four-week stint . he has already spent time with australian troops on a number of occasions . the 30-year-old is known in the british army as `` captain harry wales '' .
freddie gray , 25 , died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge . his death is the latest in a string of high profile deaths involving african-americans and law enforcement . democratic congressman elijah cummings of maryland spoke at the funeral : `` to mother gloria and to the entire family , i want you to know we stand with you during this difficult time '' .
the remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the university of veterinary medicine vienna , exploring the construction site for a shopping center in the city of tulln in 2006-2007 . but one look at the cervical vertebrae , the lower jaw and the metacarpal bones immediately revealed that this was a camel . the ottoman army had a `` camelry '' using camels for transportation and to ride , they said . but they said it would be impossible to say how it got into the
two florida corrections officers and one former officer have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate . an fbi informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the ku klux klan . driver told the informant that he and moran wanted him `` six feet under '' .
the p5 +1 reached a framework agreement with iran over the country 's nuclear program . but the talks this week were historic , particularly for the otherwise frozen u.s.-iranian relationship . in 1923 , the treaty of lausanne was signed there , breaking up the ottoman empire and defining the borders of modern-day turkey .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on the cnn student news roll call . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the next show .
the missouri national guard used highly militarized words such as `` enemy forces '' and `` adversaries '' to refer to protesters . the guard came to ferguson to support law enforcement officers , whom many community leaders and civil rights activists accused of using excessive force and inflaming an already tense situation in protests . a grand jury declined to indict wilson in the case .
julie bishop said the deal is `` an informal arrangement '' with an emphasis on tracking australians who go to iraq to fight for isis . but one australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as `` dancing with the devil '' . the deal was announced in an interview released monday .
a 110-day cat-and-mouse chase spanning from antarctic waters to the coast of west africa had an unlikely end when the crew of an alleged poaching vessel were rescued . environmentalist group sea shepherd had been tailing the thunder -- subject of an interpol `` purple notice '' for suspected fraud and fisheries-related crimes -- since its ship the bob barker encountered it in the southern ocean several months ago . the pursuit ended early monday in the gulf of guinea , off the coast
attack follows separate incident sunday in which three african union troops died in an ambush in the lower shabelle region of somalia . the terrorist group al-shabaab claimed responsibility for monday 's attack , which occurred about 8 a.m. in the administrative capital of the autonomous puntland region .
jason zobott is enrolled in huntley high 's blended learning program , which merges internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting . in 2015 , the school is working toward enrolling the majority of its students . unlike many traditional online learning programs , students have the option of a flexible schedule during allotted blended learning days .
charlie hill , now 65 , has provided refuge for hill from facing charges that he killed a new mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner to havana . he wants to discuss how for the first time he is considering leaving his safe haven and returning to the united states . hill was a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary .
misao okawa was born on march 5 , 1898 . her family ran a kimono shop in osaka , satoshi yoshioka , an employee at the nursing home where she had lived since 1997 . the oldest person ever was jeanne louise calment , who died at age 122 in 1997 .
pope francis reminded the world of the vatican 's status as a state and his role as a moral diplomat in his traditional speech given at the end of easter mass . foremost , he asked that bloodshed end in iraq and syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need .
duke officials have asked anyone with information about the rope noose , which was found near a student center at 2 a.m. , to call campus police . photos of the noose prompted outrage from the community as they were passed along on social media . last month a fraternity at the university of oklahoma had its charter removed after a video surfaced showing members using the n-word and referring to lynching in a chant .
muhanad mahmoud al farekh , 29 , was deported from pakistan to the united states . he 's accused of plotting to fight against american forces abroad , according to a complaint unsealed in u.s. district court for the eastern district of new york in brooklyn .
the attack started with an explosion and gunshots around 5:30 a.m. et wednesday at the kenyan school 's front gates . the attackers continued to fire as they stalked through campus , with the red cross saying they stopped at a girls ' dormitory . according to afp , the gunmen separated the students by religion and allowed muslims to leave .
the clash occurred wednesday night at the border in southwestern saudi arabia 's asir region , when militants in a mountainous area fired on saudi border troops . besides the slain border guard -- identified as cpl. salman ali yahya al-maliki -- 10 others suffered injuries that were not life-threatening . on thursday , houthi rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern yemeni port city of aden , a neutral security official and two houth
ellenanora arthur baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years , according to her attorney , andrew spinnell . but he said , he and his client have n't been able to find victor sena blood-dzraku to serve him the papers . in his decision , justice matthew cooper said the `` advent and ascendency of social media '' means sites like facebook and twitter are the `` next frontier '' as `` forums through which a summons can
this page includes the show transcript and the daily transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the previous show .
david cameron , ed miliband of labour , nick clegg of the liberal democrats , nigel farage of the united kingdom independence party , natalie bennett of the green party , leanne wood of plaid cymru . comres for itv , which staged the debate , had cameron and miliband tied first with 21 % and sturgeon close behind on 20 % .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the weekly news roll call . the transcript is a written version of the daily newsquiz .
the al marmoum camel race in dubai is the only gulf national in the cnn team . the camel owners are sitting on the floor , eating a ` aish , a traditional arabic dish of fish and rice , laid out in front of them . once lunch is over , we head to the track for the racing to begin .
the girls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in chibok , northeastern nigeria . a year ago , i could never have imagined that we would be here today , marking the grim 12-month milestone of these girls going missing . in the early days of their abduction much of the world stood as one , rallying around the hashtag #bringbackourgirls .
italian physician dr. sergio canavero says we are approaching heaven -lrb- anastomosis venture ;rrb- . the 30-year-old russian man suffers from a rare genetic disorder called werdnig-hoffman disease . he says he has a stack of emails and letters from people who want a new body , but the first patients will be people who are suffering from a muscle wasting disease .
gregory margolin , 87 , was a jewish recruit when he fought in the soviet red army . he was a sniper who rose to be a commander in the army . this year , in ukraine , he found himself surrounded by war . his granddaughter liora still marvels at his stories from the war .
aqap offers the reward for the death or capture of houthi leader abdelmalik bedrudin al-houthi and former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh . converted to currency , the gold reward would be worth about $ 774,000 . aqap is one of several factions fighting to control yemen .
the attack began when two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the two-story building housing the ministry of education , culture & higher education . soldiers from the african union , who are in somalia in part to support the government 's fight against al-shabaab , teamed up with somali security forces to shoot and kill the five attackers .
wladimir klitschko is the reigning ibf , wba , wbo and ibo champion . the 43-year-old has led the ukrainian democratic alliance for reform since 2010 and was elected mayor of kiev in may last year . tensions in the former soviet state remain high despite a ceasefire agreed in february as europe , led by francois hollande , tries to broker a peace deal between the two sides .
anthony ray hinton was convicted of killing two men -- birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers john davidson and thomas wayne vason -- but he always said he was innocent . hinton spent most of his time locked in a 5-by-7 cell . the only permissible eating utensil was a plastic spoon .
norwegians will be left with radio silence ; they 'll merely have to tune in digitally . on the digital audio broadcasting network , there are four times that number . officials say the move will spur innovation because the cost of digital transmission will save some $ 25 million . but the country 's radio waves wo n't cut out all once , a blog post on radio.no explained .
new study suggests the brontosaurus belongs to its own genera . o.c. marsh first named the dinosaur in 1879 after he received 25 crates of bones discovered at como bluff , wyoming . similar to , though not as large as the apatosaurus discovered a couple of years prior , marsh gave the dinosaurs two different names .
doug hughes wrote about his intentions and the reasons behind them on a website called thedemocracyclub.org . the 61-year-old florida postal carrier wrote in an online post titled `` your pilot '' . the letter is intended to persuade the guardians of the capitol that i am not a threat and that shooting me down will be a bigger headache than letting me deliver these letters to congress .
the incident took place on february 14 and involved professional sailors breno osthoff , 20 , and rafael de almeida sampaio , 35 . officials defended the belief that the latest rains caused a temperature change of the water and the excess of decaying organic matter , which would have led to a black of oxygen , killing the fish .
anthony stokes was acting as a stokes family spokesman . in 2013 , the teen 's family told media that an atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery due to what the hospital described in a letter as stokes ' `` history of non-compliance '' . on tuesday , stokes carjacked someone at a mall , kicked in the door of a home in roswell , georgia , and fired a shot at an elderly woman . stokes died at a
special forces were on the ground in noncombat roles `` coordinating and guiding '' the battle against houthi forces and fighters loyal to former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh . they also have helped parachute in weapons and communications equipment . houthis are battle-hardened guerrilla fighters and could cross into saudi arabia .
dan swangard , 48 , was diagnosed in 2013 with a rare form of metastatic cancer . to remove the cancer , surgeons took out parts of his pancreas and liver , as well as his entire spleen and gallbladder . if he gets to a point where there 's nothing more medicine can do , he wants to be able to control when and how his life ends .
wayne county prosecutor kym worthy charged mitchelle angela blair on wednesday with killing her then 13-year-old daughter , stoni ann blair . the bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside the freezer by a bailiff performing a court ordered eviction on march 24 . investigators believe stephen was scalded with hot water , beaten and strangled in august 2012 , while stoni was killed in may 2013 .
a decade ago , concepts like `` sustainable farming '' and `` organic food '' were considered fringe . the standard gut-wrenching images of animal cruelty and sickly calves were ineffectual and mostly turned people off instead of urging them to make better food choices . some may argue that industrial farming has been a necessity to meet our country 's food needs .
keaton paid homage to his roles in `` beetlejuice '' and `` batman '' in his third turn hosting `` saturday night live '' this weekend . keaton 's performance drew high marks from viewers and critics for its `` deadpan '' manner and `` unpredictable weirdness '' . other crowd-pleasing spots included a scientology parody music video and a news conference spoofing the ncaa student-athlete debate .
collection went under the hammer in new york on march 31 . it includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century . bacall , who died in august 2014 at the age of 89 , first shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film , `` to have and have not '' .
kamron taylor sat in an illinois jail early wednesday morning to hear a jury convict him of murder . when he did , his victim was a correctional officer making his rounds . he then walked out of the jail 's door and into the officer 's brown 2012 chevrolet equinox suv . where the 23-year-old , who was set to be sentenced in may , is now anybody 's guess .
thieves using heavy cutting equipment and rappelling gear broke into the vault of an esteemed 60-year-old safe deposit company in the heart of london . they reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash -- even in the educated guess of one former police official . police will be contacting victims directly as and when they are identified .
ayatollah khomeini famously said he was `` drinking poison '' when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with iraq . by the time he ended the war , the economy was in shambles , and there was no sign of his die-hard volunteers . since then , `` drinking a chalice of poison '' has became part of iranian political lexicon .
south african troops deployed tuesday evening as part of a new government effort to stop deadly anti-immigrant violence . earlier , defense minister nosiviwe mapisa-nqakula announced the plan to deploy an undisclosed number of troops to areas where police are spread too thin while trying to curb deadly attacks against immigrants . much of this month 's violence happened in the port city of durban , where at least two foreigners and three south africans were killed after mobs with machetes
as we approach april 27 , we are faced with yet another wave of deadly attacks against african migrants . outrage triggered by this violence is being heard loudly throughout social media with '' #weareafrica '' showcasing the need for a common front against this affront . these recurring attacks against migrants and their property might be read as one more indication of how the rainbow nation 's dream has faltered .
a century ago , some american dreamers decided to drain the swamp . but what they did n't know is that without this swamp , there can be no life support . after a century of development , half the everglades is dead and the other half is on life support in florida .
new york city detective suspended after being accused of stealing $ 3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid . surveillance video obtained by cnn affiliate news 12 brooklyn appears to show det. ian cyrus stashing cash in a bag before leaving the yemen deli and grocery store last friday .
the u.s. is faced with a troubling reality -- we are far too reliant on russian technology to meet our national security obligations . the fact that we rely on russia , currently under sanctions for invading a sovereign nation , should reinforce the need for a change in our current course . simply put , it is bad policy to rely on others for critical national security interests .
tripadvisor 's travelers ' choice award winners bump ambergris caye out of the top 10 . ko tao , thailand , gained five spots this year , moving up from no. 10 last year to rank ninth . only two more of 2014 's top 10 islands appear on this year 's global list .
world economy has expanded at least 100-fold since modern industrial capitalism first found its footing in britain around 1800 . for most of the world , living standards have risen markedly along the way . instead , untrammeled greed also leads to massive fraud , mega-tax evasion , pervasive bribery , modern slavery , rising inequalities , and environmental destruction .
malala yousafzai released an `` open letter '' to the girls monday . the 17-year-old nobel peace prize winner survived an attack by the taliban . in the letter , she calls on the nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls .
ella jones and wesley bell were elected to the ferguson city council on tuesday meaning three of the six council members are black . the skies grew ominous and the radio crackled with warnings of flash floods . this was the first city election since white police officer darren wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager michael brown last august .
president hassan rouhani 's team has done nothing to improve the living conditions of iranians who complain they have lost half of their purchasing power in recent years . it will definitely strengthen his hand , which he needs to stay in the game , or better yet yet win the next presidential race .
three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the fighting monday in the southeastern town of negur , the state-run news agency cited ali asghar mirshekari . a militant group called jaish al adal claimed responsibility for the attack , according to iranian state media and a twitter account believed to be associated with the organization . the pakistani government condemned monday 's attack , calling it an `` act of terrorism '' .
director gareth edwards -lrb- `` godzilla '' -rrb- showed an early teaser for the movie and revealed plot details for the `` star wars : rogue one '' anthology film . the movie will take place in between `` episode iii : revenge of the sith '' and `` episode iv : a new hope '' - starring felicity jones . jones will play a rebel soldier .
investigators have not found any writings or conversations where co-pilot andreas lubitz shared his motives or confessed to any plans . this was before he ever got his pilot 's license , prosecutor 's office in dusseldorf , germany , said monday . however , medical records reveal that lufitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy .
frank , you 'll recall , was the first member of congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office . he had some choice words for closeted politicians who vote against lgbt rights . he said he was n't aware of the measure but told the young man not to `` worry yourself about the crazy people '' .
yarmouk , the largest palestinian refugee camp in syria , has been engulfed in fighting between the syrian government and armed groups since december 2012 . an estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside yarmouk in the deepest circle of hell , in the words of u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon .
since civil war broke out there , 310,000 people have been killed . the death toll has plunged well over half of all syrians into such destitution that they are in dire need of survival aid . the number of syrians in need of immediate life-saving aid , according to the u.n. that 's the population of moscow .
china 's cybercensors have long used a `` great firewall '' to block its citizens from reading critical articles from western news websites or consuming other content it disapproves of . they 've developed a new it weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders , including in the united states . the study 's authors have named it the `` great cannon '' and it operates in plain sight . going on the attack so visibly and handily within another country 's borders will probably draw international ire , the
new : gen. abdul-malik al-houthi says airstrikes have weakened shiite group . new : hadi still claims he 's yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with saudis . saudi brig. gen. ahmed asiri says airstrikes decimated houthis ' central command .
a 37-year-old arab motorist from east jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop in the french hill section of the city . one victim , identified by police as shalom yohai cherki , died at the hospital . the driver has been arrested and is under investigation by the general security services .
oleg kalashnikov , the former member of parliament , was shot and killed shortly after 7 p.m. wednesday at the entrance to his apartment block . police are investigating the death as a murder . at least three former members of parliament with the party of regions have reportedly committed suicide in the last seven weeks .
charles alasholuyi was one of those people -- from celebrities to world leaders -- voicing their anger via #bringbackourgirls . but as weeks turned into months , there was still no sign of the missing girls . the spotlight on the campaign faded . many questioned whether they were even alive .
the new law will take effect in six months . it will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex and between a man and a woman . the law is intended to end discrimination faced by common-law couples , such as not being allowed to visit partners in hospital .
saudi arabia 's navy now controls all yemeni ports , allowing only closely watched non-military medical goods to pass its blockade . this effort is n't over , including widespread attempts to locate and destroy scud missiles still in the country . the international red cross said that intense fighting had brought `` disturbing reports of civilian casualties '' .
ailina tsarnaeva is the sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev . authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 boston marathon bombing , which left three people dead and more than 260 injured . the state of massachusetts has confirmed the tsarnaevs received food stamps , public housing and other aid between 2002 and 2012 .
gunmen attacked the campus early thursday as morning prayers were underway , shooting indiscriminately and taking hostages before being killed by security forces . the u.s. embassy in nairobi said al-shabaab militants have claimed responsibility . the terrorist group has been behind numerous attacks in the region .
the owner of the door , rabea darduna , filed a complaint with a gaza court stating that , without realizing its value , he sold the door for just $ 175 u.s. the iron door will remain in the possession of the khan younis police until a court hearing at a date yet to be determined . banksy 's graffiti in gaza has become an attraction after he visited in february and painted a series of political messages .
on april 19 , 1995 , timothy mcveigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the murrah federal building in oklahoma city . the attack killed 168 men , women and children , injured hundreds more , and remains the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in u.s. history . the federal bureau of investigation 's 1994 annual report on terrorism had given short shrift to the extreme right .
cecil rhodes ' statue was unveiled in 1934 at the university of cape town . students took to social media to demand the statue come down . the hashtag is now #rhodesmustfall , saying his legacy is tainted with racism . the university said wednesday the heritage authority granted it permission to remove the statue from the campus .
emergency services were stretched to the limit and in cambridge a territorial army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers . london ambulance service said at the peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour which is more than three times as many as on a normal night . as people made their way home after seeing in 2012 , city centres descended into violence as fights broke out and revellers collapsed on the pavements .
david moore , 25 , went berserk with road rage after leaving home only to find himself nose-to-nose on heavily congested street with rafal cegielka , 45 . burnley magistrates ' court heard pair had both wound down their car windows , when moore then jumped out of his vehicle , and punched mr ceglasska through his open car window . moore admitted assault by beating , destroying # 100 worth of fencing and damaging mr
uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the georgian football federation -lrb- gff -rrb- after fans twice invaded the field of play during sunday 's 2-0 defeat by germany . play was halted twice at the boris paichadze stadium due to georgia fans arriving onto the field . uefa 's control , ethics and disciplinary body will decide the case on may 21 .
holland beat spain 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on tuesday night . guus hiddink slammed the home fans for booing andres iniesta . spain coach vicente del bosque fielded an experimental side . iniesta started on the bench , entering the fray in the 76th minute .
fifa will then charge # 250 for every subsequent year of renewal . already established licensed agents were exempt . fifa recommendations include national associations registering only intermediaries of ` impeccable character ' , all deals annually published online , agents ' fees limited to three per cent and no monies earned by them for negotiating deals for players under the age of 18 .
spain lost 2-0 to holland at the amsterdam arena on tuesday . gerard pique could do nothing to stop davy klaassen doubling the dutch advantage . the 64-year-old had used the match to try out several new faces . the barcelona defender says the national team 's state of health is good .
simon mignolet was dropped ` indefinitely ' by brendan rodgers in december after a poor run of form but quickly returned after brad jones sustained a thigh injury . the 27-year-old belgian told fourfourtwo : ' i was positive . every goalkeeper goes through those stages , and you only get mentally stronger from them ' .
reddit user arke usa from bryant , arkansas , filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool . footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed , with many cracking as they hit the ground . despite it being around 80-degrees , the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt .
financially-troubled cska sofia goalkeeper maksims uvarenko has not been paid for three months and has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent . cska have faced a series of financial problems since bulgarian tycoon vasil bozhkov decided to sell the club in 2006 .
ulrike berger , 44 , is barred by a court order from leaving the country . but on march 22 , a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit , they are believed to have boarded a plane to europe . police say the pair were last seen at berger 's home in boerun hill , brooklyn , at 10am on march 21 , when kaia 's father dropped her off .
nine members of the liana 's ransom were scooped up by coast guard life boats on tuesday , leaving the canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of portland . the tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on monday , and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast . the crew was ordered to put on immersion suits and abandon the schooner , according to a press release from the coast guard .
the red wings ' drew miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight . ` very lucky ' skating with a full face mask during practice , the detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin .
the incident happened last saturday in nanchang , the provincial capital of jiangxi in southeastern china , according to his father . a hotel receptionist said she heard a loud bang around midnight , which she thought was a car accident . when she went out to have a look she discovered there was the body of a boy lying on top of a white car .
rahul kumar , 17 , clambered over the fence at the kamla nehru zoological park in ahmedabad , and began running towards the animals . mr kumar explained afterwards that he was drunk and ` thought i 'd stand a good chance ' against the predators .
car was travelling at such speeds it carries on travelling 50 metres down the carriageway before finally grinding to a halt . video captured by a following motorist shows the van veering from side to side on a busy road near the coastal city of salé , morocco . one of the back doors is left open and the van is seen veering across both lanes of the road .
hina shamim , 21 , died close to university of kingston in london last night . friends said she was ` much-loved and the most charming girl in the world ' . white bmw m3 sportscar knocked her down before careering head-on into bus . six people taken to hospital to be treated for injuries which were not thought to be life-threatening .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading 's madejski stadium during the team 's fa cup quarter final replay with bradford city last month . the reading supporter , whose team were 3-0 up at the time , did four front flips on the pitch , landing on his back each time . he is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt .
more than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the st catherine 's hill nature reserve in dorset . the fire was sparked by suspected arsonists in three locations . youths , aged 14 and 15 , are being held on suspicion of the arson attack that devastated the sensitive heathland .
michael thorpe , 55 , was convicted of showing a premier league game without having an agreement with official broadcasters in 2006 . he said he could not afford to pay sky tv 's rates for football matches . but he was convicted , fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago . judge recorder nicolas gerasimidis has now upheld his appeal .
the wildlife creature was relaxing in the kruger national park in south africa with its family by a small pool of water . in a gesture captured on camera , the african elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave . not to be beaten , the huge creature then begins to size up the bull and carries on drinking .
the images were taken in jervis bay , the south coast of nsw , as the neon glow illuminated one of australia 's popular beaches . photographer andy hutchinson described the sight as a ` beautiful supernatural scene ' caused by millions of plankton omitting light . a similar display was shown in sydney 's manly beach back in august 2014 where an oceanography expert said there was no need to be concerned about the algae .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion during royals ' fa cup quarter-final replay win over bradford city last month . he did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back , before being tackled by stewards . the order , due to be decided on april 30 , would stop him going to all of reading 's future home and away matches .
filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract . the full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july . atletico madrid hope that may give them leverage , but he has struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge .
england have been drawn with the republic of ireland , holland and italy in group d of the uefa under 17 european championships . the tournament will take place in the east bulgarian venues of burgas , sozopol , sliven and stara zagora between may 6 and 22 .
cracks in the structure of the west stand were spotted on tuesday morning and the area was sealed off as structural engineers carried out an assessment of the damage . northern ireland played at windsor park on sunday evening , beating finland 2-1 in euro 2016 qualifying to stay second in group f . the next qualifier for michael o'neill 's side is against pool leaders romania on june 13 .
the mother , who has not been identified , was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter . the video , which was posted online , shows the mother - wearing jeans and black top - attacking the student along with another girl . the mother bypassed the school 's front desk and then joined her daughter in physically assaulting the student .
japanese photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers . in each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose . according to the 37-year-old 's website the images allow the father who usually has to act serious to express his fun side .
brittany huber and john redman were involved in a deadly car crash on a georgia highway on march 24 - 11 months after redman 's -lrb- third from the right -rrb- . the 25-year-old assistant basketball coach at dalton state college helped lead his team to its very first championship title . redman survived , but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors he was likely to spend the rest of his life in
the incident occurred at el centro college and was captured on cell phone by student charles adams , who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand . the officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown dallas campus . the school reportedly wo n't say why the teens were stopped and frisked , but adams said he believes the officers totally overreacted .
bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in auckland , new zealand . a passenger filmed the driver and sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines along with a complaint . the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion . mr ritchie said he was embarrassed by the ` idiot ' driver 's actions .
the robbery took place at 12.30 pm at a lloyds bank branch in fairwater . detectives have issued cctv images of the suspect , who is 50 to 60 , 5ft 9in . no one was injured during the robbery and they were ` confident ' the public would be able to identify the suspect .
winston reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by chelsea on march 4 . the new zealand defender returned to full training during the international break . enner valencia will not be available for west ham 's match with leicester city .
lucas leiva enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches from late november . he was an unused substitute in the defeat by manchester united . liverpool captain steven gerrard suspended for three matches . the brazilian is hoping to slot back in seamlessly after injury .
stoke chief executive tony scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of asmir begovic as he enters the final of his contract . the bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the britannia stadium . scholes believes they can match the 27-year-old 's ambitions .
tom boyd believes jason denayer 's loan spell at celtic has been so successful that he is ready to challenge for a place at manchester city next season . the 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for belgium . denayer will hope to join kompany in city 's first-team squad when he returns to his parent club this summer .
the court of arbitration for sport has lifted morocco 's ban from the next two editions of the african cup of nations . the north-african nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments and was fined $ 1 million by the caf . the caf also demanded a further $ 9 million in compensation after the country pulled out because of fears related to the ebola epidemic .
chinese property conglomerate dalian wanda group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of spanish champions atletico madrid . the purchase was formalised at an extraordinary general meeting on tuesday where the legal team representing wanda madrid investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares .
simon mignolet had been with the belgium squad for their euro 2016 qualifying games against cyprus and israel . the liverpool goalkeeper posted the pictures of himself in the cockpit on his official facebook account on wednesday . he was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps in either , with chelsea stopper thibaut courtois preferred instead .
ian murray believes rangers will struggle to maintain their pace through the run-in . the leith side take on hearts at ibrox on sunday -lrb- april 25 alloa -rrb- . rangers are currently level on points but having played a game less - still have two matches to play against title winners hearts .
antonio conte replaced cesare prandelli as italy boss in august . conte reportedly received death threats from juventus fans after claudio marchisio suffered a knee injury on the eve of the euro 2016 qualifier . italy required a late goal from eder to rescue a 2-2 draw against bulgaria last saturday .
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser against italy . the 23-year-old has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene . roy hodgson has kept faith with the tottenham winger - belief he paid back in quite exceptional fashion at the juventus stadium .
the clip , uploaded to facebook today , shows an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of african descent . the woman then appears in her neighbour 's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar , verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them . the men swoop on the lady and attempt to pull the crowbar out of her hands , sending her sprawling onto the ground .
deva joseph , 14 , was reduced to tears at london stansted airport . offered to pay for second item to be put in hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one . she even offered to leave the bag at the airport as she begged to board the 7am flight to bilbao .
gordon robson , 26 , hit father john potts , 45 , in the back of the head so hard it made an ` audible crack ' before he fell down dead . mr potts ' widow sarah said his death had a ` devastating impact ' on the family . robsons was jailed for just three and a half years at newcastle crown court .
chyknell hall estate , near bridgnorth , shropshire , is on the market for # 6million . it was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since , with a grade ii-listed manor house and five cottages . current owner installed a cricket green , four-oven aga , loggia , library , wine cellar and billiard room .
borussia dortmund have shared the last five bundesliga titles between them and bayern munich . the two giant antagonists of the german game meet with 31 points and nine positions separating them in the standings . jurgen klopp insists their league position after the klassiker is not his biggest concern .
kilmarnock interim manager gary locke has been given the role on a permanent basis . locke joined the club as assistant boss to allan johnston last summer but took control of the team when his ex-tynecastle team-mate quit at the start of february .
a study has outlined that 30 percent of australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis . the average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine . any less than six hours or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person . professor david hillman said the eight hours per night does not necessarily need to be consecutive .
police in oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun . edward west , 59 , allegedly pulled a gun on two 17-year-old boys in salem telling them , ` get ready to die ' . just then , a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man 's hands , allowing the teens to escape . the
ellen white was a night to remember as she managed both at the same time against arsenal in the women 's super league . in the 26th minute , county having been awarded a free kick on the edge of the box , laura bassett and alex greenwood appeared to mess things up . as the arsenal defence relaxed , the ball was shifted for white , who span and smashed it into the corner against the club where she spent three seasons .
jose luis gaya has been linked with manchester city , arsenal and chelsea . the 19-year-old left back flies forward very much in the style of jordi alba and juan bernat . gaya is an attack-minded left-back who likes to get forward at every opportunity .
tim sherwood has urged ron vlaar to prove his worth at aston villa . the dutch centre-back starred in holland 's run to the semi finals in brazil last year - despite missing a penalty in the last four shoot-out against argentina . the 30-year-old is out of contract in the summer and will face his former international boss when villa travel to old trafford on saturday .
each of the girls shout the words ` kill , stab , slash and jab ' as they perform each of the eight set movements involved in the high-intensity knife-fighting session . the 68 girls involved are all aged between 16 and 18 , however in a concession to safety , the knives are not real .
the five-year-old child is called mai zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old . his incredible skills have won him legions of fans across china . the country 's biggest basketball star so far has been shanghai-born yao ming , who played for nba 's houston rockets from 2002 to 2011 .
rotherham boss steve evans was left fuming after his side were denied a penalty in their narrow sky bet championship defeat at birmingham . the hosts had led through first-half goals by robert tesche and clayton donaldson , before matt derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom rotherham . rob kiernan 's clumsy handling saw the former city forward go down in the box only for referee dean whitestone to wave away appeals for a spot-
aston villa host manchester united at old trafford on saturday -lrb- 3pm kick-off -rrb- . manager tim sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover . randy lerner is understood to be in detailed discussions with a prospective buyer and should a new man claim ownership doubts . villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th .
fraser forster suffered a serious knee injury in southampton 's 2-0 win over burnley a fortnight ago . ronald koeman is reluctant to give a more precise time frame for the england goalkeeper . kelvin davis will deputise forster until the end of the season .
celtic are keen to retain the services of the 19-year-old belgian defender . manuel pellegrini has confirmed the club are looking to invest in ` homegrown ' talent this summer . denayer falls into this category despite hailing from belgium . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
celtic lost 4-1 to legia warsaw in champions league qualifying . ronny deila blamed last summer 's money-spinning programme of games in the us , austria , germany for a damaging qualifying defeat . celtic command lucrative fees for pre-season commitments .
virgil van dijk has been in fine form for celtic but was n't rewarded with a call-up to the holland national team . the dutch defender made it into two squads last year though he has never been capped by his country . ronny deila denies this using jason denayer 's belgium debut against israel by way of a counter argument .
celtic have hit out at the sfa over ticket prices for their scottish cup semi-final against inverness later this month . the game 's governing body has already come under fire from caley thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15 pm on sunday , april 18 . celtic have made their feeling known after ticket prices were set at # 23 for the north and south stands .
david alaba was ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament tear in his right knee . the 22-year-old was playing for austria in their 1-1 draw against bosnia-herzegovina on tuesday . alaba is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month .
gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock 's permanent manager on friday . the 39-year-old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman jim mann since he replaced allan johnston on a caretaker basis in february .
rangers interim chairman paul murray insists the actions of previous boardroom regimes were ` solely ' to blame for the club 's stock exchange removal . the ibrox outfit will be forced to delist from the alternative investment market -lrb- nomad -rrb- after being unable to secure a new nominated advisor to meet regulations . murray also accused dave king of making ` misleading ' statements .
wayne rooney and his england team-mates were upset by the sloppy , uninspired way they started in italy . the three lions faced the azzurri once more in a glamour friendly at the juventus stadium . roy hodgson 's men struggled in the first half , deservedly falling behind to a graziano pelle header in turin .
dundee united supporters clubs say they are ` shocked ' that 25 per cent of # 6.3 million worth of transfer fees for ryan gauld , andrew robertson , stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven were paid in commission . the supporters groups also disputed chairman stephen thompson 's alleged level of investment in the club .
ronny deila has confirmed hearts captain danny wilson is a summer transfer target for celtic . the scottish champions are considering a # 400,000 offer for the former rangers and liverpool defender . wilson has 12 months left on his current contract at the end of the season .
darren cole , 22 , was found dead in a miami street last weekend . he is thought to have been the victim of a hit-and-run driver . livingston boss mark burchill is hopeful cole will turn out for his side . cole was granted time off by the championship side on wednesday .
dane tilse will move from canberra raiders to hull kr on a two-and-a-half-year contract . the 30-year-old has made 200 appearances down under for weyman . tilse , 30 , will link up with his old canberra team-mate terry campese .
the slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the northern territory . it is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at darwin airport , and would then be sent on to the tiwi islands 100kms to the north . police said the sender would be ` feeling a little sheepish ' after their attempt to smuggle the marijuana was sniffed out .
alan smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle while attempting to block a john arne riise free-kick during manchester united 's fa cup fifth round exit nine years ago . smith has rubbished claims that liverpool fans attacked the ambulance he was travelling to hospital in following the aftermath of his horror injury . the incident occurred after smith blocked smith 's journey to hospital by throwing bottles , beer glasses and stones at the ambulance as well as rocking the vehicle
davon durant , a promising linebacker at asu , was arrested last month on domestic abuse charges after his girlfriend of 18 months , kelsi langley , claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car . following his arrest , durant was suspended from the football team indefinitely and could be facing expulsion . ms langley held a press conference on tuesday declaring that her boyfriend is innocent , and that she lied about the assault because she was jealous
detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back . the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 instagram followers writing : ` love having my fans support !! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around ' .
franck ribery has dismissed reports linking kevin de bruyne with bayern munich as a potential replacement for arjen robben . the 23-year-old belgian has scored nine goals this season and is topping the league 's assist charts with 16 -- seven more than the next best . bayern 's playmaker russell kroos has also been linked with a move away from the bundesliga club .
eden hazard has admitted an intense campaign with chelsea may have left him too tired to perform at his best . hazard was substituted with 28 minutes into belgium 's 1-0 win over israel on tuesday night . the 24-year-old playmaker has played 48 games this season for club and country .
clarke carlisle tried to kill himself in december two days after he was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving . the 35-year-old father-of-three stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the a64 near york , suffering cuts , bruises , internal bleeding , a broken rib and a shattered left knee . he said the accident had led to him moving out of the marital home he shared with his wife of 14 years , gemma .
cesc fabregas captained spain in the 2-0 defeat by holland on tuesday . the 27-year-old struggled to make an impact in midfield as the european champions fell to defeat . the spaniard was given just four out of 10 by one spanish newspaper .
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser against italy on tuesday . the tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser . paul merson admitted he was wrong to criticise the england call up . the 23-year-old later tweeted to his 285,000 followers : ` not bad for a player that should be ` nowhere near the squad ' ay @paulmerse ? ' .
former bristol city and wolverhampton wanderers winger michael mcindoe lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a huge 20 per cent return . but the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the tricky winger was declared bankrupt in october last year with more than # 2million debts . the 35-year-old is now being chased through the courts by creditors .
britons spend an average of # 62 a week on rewarding themselves . treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine . surprisingly , men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves . shoppers of swansea are the most frivolous , with 44 per cent splurging .
five men and one woman detained at approximately 8am this morning . four of the men , all in their 20s , are from birmingham , west midlands . they are currently being questioned at a number of addresses in birmingham . police say the arrests are part of an on-going investigation .
the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j. brown dam and reservoir in springfield , ohio , on saturday afternoon . footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees celsius .
charlie austin reveals how his good mate joey barton ignored him on his first day at queens park rangers before realising his mistake . austin has had a premier league debut season to remember and is being touted as a possible england debutant in the future . the 25-year-old says qpr ca n't afford to lose their next two games and must pick up at least four points .
fa chairman greg dyke 's idea of increasing the number of homegrown players in a premier league squad of 25 from eight to 12 . wenger believes that the rules of the game must be structured to favour the best or we are not in a competition anymore . the arsenal boss is a disciple of adam smith and these are the basic principles of a free market .
the spine-tinging video , which was captured in wangaratta , northeast victoria , begins with the man approaching his black holden ute and spraying the door with an insect repellent . but the man appears less composed when the hairy huntsman 's legs pop out , yelping and cowering back in fright .
south sydney hooker issac luke will be investigated by the nrl integrity unit over an alleged homophobic slur on instagram . the 27-year-old posted an offensive remark in response to attacks from canterbury bulldogs fans on saturday . luke had intended to donate a jersey ahead of the easter long weekend as a gesture to make up for the incident that left the boy hospitalised .
residents of celoron , n.y. , say a statue of hometown icon lucile ball is ` monstrous ' . the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called ` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue ' has attracted more than 600 likes . artist dave poulin has declined to comment on the controversy surrounding his work .
bradley johnson opened the scoring for norwich in the 62nd minute . cameron jerome doubled the lead in the second-half . bradley greer equalised for brighton in the 83rd minute . brighton captain gordon greer made it 2-1 shortly after .
james oliver , 48 , was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by linda currier , 53 . police report that they found oliver in the driveway of a home in noblesboro , maine , on saturday night , reports nbc news . oliver was arrested on his release from hospital and charged with attempted gross sexual assault , unlawful sexual touching and failing to comply with the sex offender registration act .
juventus are 14 points clear of roma at the top of the serie a table . massimiliano allegri has also guided the bianconeri into the champions league quarter-finals and the coppa italia semi-finals . roma host fellow champions napoli on saturday .
tottenham boss mauricio pochettino has compared harry kane to gabriel batistuta . kane scored on his full international debut some 79 seconds after coming on against lithuania at wembley last friday night . batistino was an argentina international who also played for roma .
juventus director pavel nedved has revealed that barcelona are interested in bringing paul pogba to the nou camp . the czech midfielder made 324 appearances for the turin club . nedges also admitted he was pleased juve did n't draw the catalan side in the quarter-finals of the champions league .
stefano castagna claims neto will have his pick of top european clubs when the transfer window re-opens in the summer . the brazilian 's agent has revealed no decision about his future has been made . neto represented brazil at the london 2012 olympics but has not featured for the senior side .
youtube user richard stewart showing a porsche cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on prince edward island in canada . the sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median . a wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt .
ricky hughes , 31 , plundered accounts of tidworth town football club . he claimed to be making rent payments to the club 's landlord . but the club claimed that the total theft amounted to # 26,000 . hughes was sentenced to 16 months in prison at salisbury crown court .
sunderland host newcastle united at stadium of light -lrb- sunday 3pm -rrb- . lee cattermole will be back against the magpies after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season . massadio haidara will not play again this season after knee surgery .
rory mcilroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world - plus a few low points along the way . the video features an interview with his sponsor bose , who has released an old footage of mcilory honing his golfing skills in his parent 's living room feature during the video . the northern irishman heads to augusta .
sergio garcia insists he is focused on winning his first pga tour title since 2012 at this week 's shell houston open . the 35-year-old finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at augusta . rory mcilroy 's bid for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam have dominated the agenda for weeks .
johnny sexton wants to full the void by winning a medal with racing metro this season . the 29-year-old established himself at senior level , 2010 stands alone as a year without substantial reward . sexton has won six nations titles this year and a lions series triumph in australia in 2013 .
india influenced the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh . mustafa kamal has stepped down as icc president on wednesday . he said he spoke as a fan , and not the president , but international cricket council chief executive dave richardson termed the criticism as ` unfortunate ' .
ben davies will allow no room for sentiment up against wales team-mate sam vokes at burnley on sunday . spurs head to turf moor looking to keep alive hopes of european qualification . burnley are scrapping for survival , currently 18th , but just a point from safety .
west ham host leicester city at the king power stadium on saturday . nigel pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents . the hammers boss has defended pearson and says he is ` his own man ' . allardyce feels pearson will be frustrated because their performances do not warrant their lowly position .
john carver says he will ` whip ' his players to make sure they 're motivated to beat sunderland on sunday . newcastle have lost the last four matches against their north-east rivals and head coach carver was assistant to alan pardew . there is a suggestion that newcastle will struggle for motivation given the comfort of their mid-table position compared to the black cats .
papiss cisse is newcastle 's top scorer this season with 11 goals . john carver 's side are struggling at the foot of the premier league table . the magpies face sunderland at st james ' park on sunday . click here for all the latest newcastle united news .
skipper john o'shea wants a fifth straight derby win against newcastle . the black cats have won the last four meetings at st james ' park . sunderland travel to the stadium of light on sunday in the premier league . black cats boss alan pardew 's side are currently fourth in the table .
chelsea beat stoke 3-0 on their most recent visit to stamford bridge . the potters have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games . mark hughes says his side must end their barren run at the stadium . the former chelsea striker has seen his 10th-placed side notch victories at the likes of manchester city and tottenham already this term .
dick advocaat will welcome lee cattermole back to the heart of his sunderland team as he attempts to launch another late survival bid with a record fifth successive derby victory . the 27-year-old enforcer has missed the last two games through suspension after reaching 10 bookings for the season .
celtic reached the champions league group stage in 2013-14 . the last time they faced ac milan , they won one match and earned # 12.6 m . ronny deila 's side seek to stretch their premiership lead to eight points against st mirren in paisley tonight .
lionel messi should be fit to face celta vigo on sunday , says nolito . the barcelona forward has been training following a minor problem . nolitano insists his team-mates do not fear messi and co . messi was forced to sit out both of argentina 's friendlies during the international break .
neil redfearn is considering his position as manager of leeds united . leeds took two months to appoint steve thompson but he was told he was be suspended until the end of the season effectively ending his time at elland road after 105 days . he has also been informed that an option to renew his deal will not be taken up by the club .
robbie neilson will only leave hearts if he is satisfied it 's right for the club . celtic have placed former rangers defender wilson on a list of potential summer recruits . owner ann budge says departures will only happen on his say-so if the price is right .
david templeton is full of praise for stuart mccall 's training methods . rangers face hearts in the premier league on saturday . templeton says mccoist and kenny mcdowall had brought a brand of coaching and tactical preparation he felt was lacking under the previous management .
raheem sterling is on # 35,000 a week at liverpool . brendan rodgers is keen to keep hold of one of the club 's best players . sam allardyce believes giving sterling a bumper new contract could cause a ripple effect across the rest of the liverpool squad .
jonas gutierrez has appeared as a substitute in each of newcastle 's last three games following his return from testicular cancer . the 31-year-old has been welcomed warmly back into the fold on and off the pitch . newcastle face sunderland at the stadium of light on sunday .
blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender thomas piermayr . the 25-year-old had a spell with inverness caledonian thistle in 2011 . the tangerines are preparing for life in league one next year . click here for all the latest blackpool news .
arsenal legend ian wright says that would be ' a shame ' to see theo walcott leave north london . walcott has made just five starts for arsenal this season . wright believes his troubled times at the club are down to arsene wenger 's refusal to play him as a striker .
raheem sterling has been offered a # 100,000-a-week deal at liverpool . the 20-year-old wideman edged closer towards anfield exit after revealing he would have signed for a lot less a year ago . sterling has managed just six goals this season - one less than stoke frontman jon walters .
sean o'driscoll 's team lost 2-1 to france in their european championships final qualifier . the young lions had to beat denmark and azerbaijan in their opening elite round qualifiers . but goals from sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet put the hosts in command and a late response from patrick roberts was n't enough .
roberto martinez is backing ross barkley to become an even more influential player for everton and england . barkley has had an indifferent campaign for the toffees on the back of his inclusion in last summer 's england world cup party and a knee operation which disrupted his return to domestic duty . martinez believes his two substitute appearances for england against lithuania and italy over the past week have shown that the midfielder is ready to kick on again .
west brom finished 10th and 8th under roy hodgson and steve clarke . the baggies almost got relegated under alan irvine last season . tony pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market . he wants to bring on board during the summer transfer market .
kevin sinfield has been warned he will be a ` target ' when he makes the switch to rugby union at the end of the season . castleford head coach daryl powell , the man who made sinfield captain at the age of 22 , has a word of warning for his former team-mate .
nrl referees and officials have been struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between south sydney and canterbury ended in controversy . fans turned on referee gerard sutton and his colleagues after they penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute , effectively handing the rabbitohs the win . as referees , officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time , a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at
the clip was filmed by the creative agency leo burnett toronto for the homeless charity humans for humans . many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like ' i hate the homeless , i do n't feel sorry for you , ' and ' i saw a homeless girl across the street . in the video , we see a couple called tristan and robyn have been homeless for 10 years .
the championship side are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players . the protect , inform and prevent -lrb- pip -rrb- programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given . part of the training is led by a former police detective and a psychotherapist .
george boyd has run the distance between burnley 's turf moor ground and crystal palace 's selhurst park in less than 40 hours . tottenham hotspur midfielder christian eriksen is second in the list . liverpool stand-in captain jordan henderson is also in the top 10 runners-up .
anderson was sent off for internacional after a first-half off-the-ball shove on ypiranga erechim striker otacilio neto . his colleague fabricio stole the limelight by swearing at his own fans and becoming the third player to be shown the red card . anderson has already been suspended until the end of the week by his club .
raheem sterling has been made what manager brendan rodgers described as ` an incredible offer ' . the 20-year-old is believed to be # 100,000-a-week but negotiations have ended in stalemate . liverpool manager rodgers has defended sterling for postponing contract negotiations .
police called to home in perry barr , birmingham , at just before 1am yesterday . baby was taken to birmingham children 's hospital but died hours later . man , 25 , and woman , 22 , arrested on suspicion of murder and are helping police with their inquiries . post mortem will take place today to establish cause of death .
dig and his owner , lindsay castro , were hiking on the jurupa hills trail in fontana , canada , on thursday when they heard a rattling sound . the snake bit dug in the face , and his face instantly ballooned to twice its size . finally , after two days of round-the-clock iv fluid and treatment , he is ready to go home .
boy , 7 , raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy food . when he resisted , they set him on fire , inspector sasthe told pti . the incident occurred in pagma nagar , in bhiwandi city , mumbai . police are working to identify and catch the accused .
harvey boulter has already given # 30,000 to ukip candidate fighting fox . he is also spending another # 30k to try to defeat tom tugendhat , who is standing for the tories in tonbridge and west malling , kent . fox resigned from the cabinet in 2011 after revealing details of how fox 's close friend , businessman adam werritty , accompanied him on overseas trips .
alvaro arbeloa says real 's door wo n't be closed for jose mourinho . chelsea manager ended his three-year spell in madrid to rejoin his current club in 2013 . the former liverpool defender has made 25 first-team appearances this season .
paddy morrall noticed the full-length christ on a snapped scaffolding board in in inverness , scotland , on wednesday . the 31-year-old builder , from keighley , has kept the board . it comes two days after a shop assistant spotted the image of jesus on a hot cross bun .
the 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the bbc . they hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media . emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of popular stars such as gary lineker and graham norton .
inter milan were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table parma . roberto mancini cancelled his players ' day off on easter and ordered them into training . inter confirmed on their website that the first team had trained at 8:30 a.m. local time .
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal at the emirates on saturday . brendan rodgers admitted his team 's chances of qualifying for the champions league were over . but he did not pretend that this has not been a difficult season . the reds have slipped out of contention in the premier league .
paul parker 's old passport was listed on ebay for an eye-watering # 5,000 . the item was listed earlier in march and bidding ended on tuesday . it is unclear whether anyone actually stumped up the sizeable sum . parker played for manchester united and england during the nineties .
ondrej duda scored after the interval to lead slovakia to a 1-0 win over the czech republic on tuesday . the 20-year-old midfielder struck with a low shot from outside the penalty area in the 49th minute for his second international goal . it was the third victory for czechs since czechoslovakia 's split in 1993 .
karim benzema posted a video of him singing along to tupac in his bugatti veyron . real madrid face granada at the bernabeu on sunday . benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions so far this season . cristiano ronaldo has picked up the last two accolades .
sergiu bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute and ishmael miller , also on as a substitute , secured a point for sheffield wednesday . the result leaves huddersfield without a win in their last seven games and 18th in the table . the hosts had another chance when lewis mcgugan tried a shot from the edge of the area that went over .
stuart dallas has come a long way since mark warburton plucked him from a glorified park and # 70-a-week . the 23-year-old scored two quite stunning goals against fulham on good friday . dallas spent three months at northampton and has returned to prove himself back at brentford .
a 1973 e-type jaguar has been involved in a head-on collision between a vintage sports car and a 4wd . nobody was hurt in the collision , however all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution . the crash occurred on warringah road in frenchs forest , northern sydney .
trey moses , a senior at eastern high school in louisville , kentucky who will play for ball state next year , asked ellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom . the night before the promposal , moses texted ellie 's parents to get their permission - and they were thrilled . the 6ft9 basketball star committed to ball state in september after receiving 12 scholarship offers .
residents from shandong province in eastern china have reportedly resorted to transporting natural gas in huge plastic bags . recent images show intrepid residents from lijin village in dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws . passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs because any contact with a naked flame or even a cigarette could spell disaster .
the new york yankees and boston red sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite . also making a very impressive showing are the texas rangers and atlanta braves , who have fans across a wide area in the south . the graph , created by facebook , uses profile likes and then breaks the individuals down by country to determine a winner .
the president said after turning his head underwood , ` this is barack obama . happy april fools ' day . obama attempted to copy the deep voice and south carolina accent of the fictional commander-in-chief , who is known for scheming his way into the nation 's highest office through deceit and violence .
college of mississippi student brady eaves , 18 , filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party in florida . the stunt could see him charged with felony animal cruelty charges , which carry a maximum jail term of five years and $ 5,000 in fines . stepfather john arthur eaves jr , who was the democratic candidate , lost and is now a pro-life lawyer .
john bramblitt , 42 , had epilepsy aged 11 and over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight . at the age of 30 , the artist from denton in texas was completely blind . he uses a special technique using a fabric paint to create an outline before colouring in the work .
silhan ozcelik , 18 , went missing from her kurdish family 's home in north london last october , while she was still only 17 . the sixth-form student , who was detained at stansted airport after she returned to the uk on january 16 , has been charged with one count of engaging in preparation for terrorist activity .
ludovic obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem . the poland international had to be replaced after just 30 minutes . caykur rizespor revealed on social media that he was not in any immediate danger following preliminary tests . the 30-year-old is on loan from bundesliga club werder bremen .
qpr face west brom at the hawthorns on saturday in the premier league . chris ramsey says tony pulis is one of the best british coaches in the country . the r 's have taken just four points since the turn of the year . pulis was linked with the vacant managerial post after harry redknapp 's departure in february .
patrick kluivert worked with louis van gaal at holland at the 2014 world cup . the caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf for the 2018 tournament . curacao face cuba in the next round , on june 8 and 16 .
tiger woods has not appeared on the pga tour since withdrawing from the farmers insurance open on february 5 with a recurrence of his back problems . he has since taken a leave of absence in a bid to return to form . but there has been speculation he will return for the masters , a tournament he has won four times .
dougie fife , alasdair dickinson and ross ford were all rested for last week 's guinness pro12 win over scarlets in llanelli . the trio have been recalled by head coach alan solomons for the madejski stadium clash with the exiles . fife returns to the right wing while the rest of the backline remains in place following last saturday 's victory in wales .
sri lanka sports minister navin dissanayake has asked kumar sangakkara to reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket . the 37-year-old scored 45 runs against south africa to take his last world cup tournament tally to 541 , including a record four successive centuries .
moses kipsiro said he was approached last year by five female athletes at a training camp for the african cross-country championships . the 28-year-old said they went to him as the senior athlete and captain of the team -- he holds national records and has won three commonwealth golds . he says he has been sexually abusing female runners ; some as young as 15 . he said he will have to leave uganda with his wife and three children if the police fail to investigate
manchester city overtook liverpool with one match to go before being crowned champions last season and in 2012 . sergio aguero 's injury-time strike in the final game sank manchester united on goal difference . alan pardew believes the race is far from over as city host city on monday .
jefferson montero suffered a muscle strain during ecuador 's 1-0 defeat by mexico in a los angeles friendly on saturday . leon britton and kyle bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks . gaston ramirez is also fit to play despite concerns about an injury picked up on international duty .
hull city have reapplied to the football association to have the club name changed to hull tigers . the move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the fa council voted against it by 47 votes to 27 . steve bruce ahs revealed the club have once again asked fa for permission to rebrand as hull tigers if owner assem allam gets his way after the previous failed attempt .
esteban cambiasso won five back to back serie a titles at inter milan . the former argentina international says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy . leicester are rock-bottom of the 20-team table , seven points adrift of sunderland and without a league win since january .
toby alderweireld will return to atletico madrid when his season-long loan finishes at southampton , according to the spanish club 's sporting director jose luis perez caminero . the 26-year-old has impressed this season on the south coast . tottenham also believed to be admirers of the defender .
diego costa suffered a hamstring injury in the premier league leaders ' win at hull last time out and withdrew from spain duty . john obi mikel will not be considered despite recovering from his knee problem . stoke forward jonathan walters is expected to shake off a calf knock .
garry monk is out to claim a season-first against hull on saturday . swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural premier league campaign in 2011-12 . it is a campaign which has exceeded so many expectations .
kris commons has a shot on goal during the spl match against st mirren . celtic winger stefan johansen was sent off in the first half for a foul on jim goodwin . ronny deila 's side have now gone five games without a win .
stuart mccall believes his side now owe it to their fans to amend that record in their final chance of the regular season when hearts come calling on sunday . the tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to govan last august . hibernian have racked up 3-1 and 2-0 victories at easter road .
ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier united states side fort lauderdale strikers . he wants to leave no stone unturned in his quest to make the side a major global force . ronaldo says he ` would pay out of his own pocket ' to sign lionel messi .
carlos tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval . roberto pereyra added a second in stoppage time as juventus beat empoli 2-0 . miralem pjanic 's 15th-minute goal was enough to earn rudi garcia 's men all three points .
alessandro diamanti and mohamed salah helped fiorentina to a 2-0 win over sampdoria on a rain-drenched pitch . former west ham midfielder diamanti struck just after the hour mark before on loan chelsea winger salah added a second just two minutes later . roma struck in the 25th minute when alessandro florenzi set up pjanic after a string of precise passes and his low shot beat keeper mariano andu
cesar azpilicueta is counting down the games until chelsea win the barclays premier league title on saturday . the spanish defender and his club team-mates sit top of the table ahead of facing stoke city at stamford bridge . the blues have won seven of their first eight games to take up first place early on .
kevin de bruyne has become one of the hottest prospects in european football after starring in the bundesliga - being linked with manchester city and bayern munich . patrick de koster revealed that the midfielder is a wanted man but no deal for a move away is in place . the belgian is keen to speak to wolfsburg and show them the respect he feels they deserve .
ulster have announced the signing of new zealand international charles piutau . the 23-year-old will join ulster on a two-year deal from july 2016 . he has won 14 caps for the all blacks and has made his test debut against france two years ago .
george north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months , including in last friday 's 52-30 win over wasps . saints director of rugby jim mallinder said : ` we wo n't play him at the weekend ' . north also suffered blows to the head on wales duty in the autumn and during the rbs 6 nations when twice he had head knocks .
mohamed diame is set to return from injury for hull city 's visit to swansea city on saturday . the french-born midfielder has been out for more than four months with a knee injury . steve bruce said diame will be involved at some stage of the match .
tom carroll faces up to six weeks on the sidelines due to ankle ligament damage . swansea midfielder was hurt during england under 21s ' 1-0 victory over the czech republic last friday . carroll has made 18 appearances for the swans after joining them last summer .
franck ribery limped off against shakhtar donetsk after picking up an injury at the beginning of last month . the bayern munich winger is hopeful he could be back for the german cup quarter-finals against bayer leverkusen in midweek . but the french ace admits he ` ca n't even run ' .
philipp lahm has made only two substitute appearances for bayern munich since breaking his ankle in training on november 18 . pep guardiola will be without a number of his first-team stars for his side 's match against dortmund . thiago alcantara could play ` maybe a few minutes ' as he recovers from long-standing knee injuries .
alvaro morata has no interest in joining real madrid , according to his agent . the 22-year-old joined the italian giants for # 15.8 million last summer . morata signed a five-year deal at the juventus stadium after failing to break into the real first-team on a regular basis .
burnley face tottenham in the premier league on sunday . michael duff has backed his manager sean dyche to one day take charge . the 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions for the clarets . duff believes dyche could be surprised if dyche ever managed england .
brentford beat fulham 4-1 at craven cottage on saturday . stuart dallas scored twice to put the bees in a commanding lead . alan judge and a late fourth from jota ensured all three points . mark warburton was delighted with his side 's progress .
jos hooiveld 's late strike earned millwall a 2-1 victory over charlton . the lions ' first win at the den since october was their first since defeat . stephen henderson saved lee gregory 's resulting penalty for the addicks .
hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing travel misery this weekend because of the easter rail shut down . large parts of the rail network are set to be affected by delays and disruption forcing fans onto the roads . labour has accused the government of failing to learn from the boxing day chaos , when nearly a million football fans faced nightmare journeys to follow their team .
natal 's dunas arena is being sold by owner grupo oas . the company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state-controlled oil company petrobras . oas spent 591 million reais on completely rebuilding the old fonte nova arena in salvador .
13 democratic and republican u.s. lawmakers have written to fifa president sepp blatter calling for russia to be removed as host of the 2018 world cup . blatter is still in power following england 's failed bid for 2018 . england are planning a bid to host eur 2028 after last holding the tournament at home in 1996 .
mauricio pochettino has given harry kane his blessing to play in the european under 21 championships this summer . the tottenham striker will be in gareth southgate 's squad for the tournament in the czech republic . kane is also set to travel to australia and malaysia this summer ahead of the championships .
the premier league have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season . sky sports and bt sport 's allocation have been revealed with the race for the champions league featuring prominently . chelsea vs liverpool on may 10 and manchester united vs arsenal on may 17 are the standout games from the live batch .
the quick silver p-51d mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team bill and scooter yoak as a tribute to u.s. servicemen who have died in combat . originally built in 1945 , it was among scores of long-range , single-seat bombers rolled out during world war two and later used in the korean war .
thomaz alckmin , son of sao paulo governor , was one of the victims . no one was thought to have been in the house , the roof of which was clearly devastated by the impact . it is understood three mechanics , as well as the pilot , were among the dead .
the car shape originally designed to help french farmers transport their sheep to market now accounts for two in every three cars sold in the uk . it is just as popular across the world from munich to mexico city thanks to its practical design , economy and comfort . the model credited with being the world 's first ever hatchback was unveiled to the public with the launch of france 's renault 16 in april 1965 .
tottenham drew 0-0 with burnley at white hart lane on sunday . andros townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for tottenham . paul merson criticised townsend 's call-up to the england squad last week . the sky sports pundit said townsend ` should n't have been in the squad ' .
venezuela lost 4-3 to monterrey in sunday 's mexican league match . juan arango bit jesus zavala on the shoulder during the game . the 34-year-old has apologised to the rival player . click here for all the latest tijuana news .
almeria have named former barcelona defender sergi barjuan as their third coach of the season . the 43-year-old replaces juan ignacio martinez , who was fired on sunday . almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals against granada to lift his tally to 36 for the season to 36 . the portuguese star now has more goals than 53 teams in europe 's top five leagues , including nine in england . there are nine teams in the barclays premier league who have managed fewer goals in the league than him .
ben jones-bishop scored a spectacular solo try as the salford red devils ended a run of 17 defeats in a row by wigan . both sides ended the match with 12 men as tempers flared during the super league match . weller hauraki , already facing a ban after an incident at huddersfield in friday , and john bateman were sent off two minutes from time for trading punches .
hull bounced back from thursday 's derby defeat to hull kr . a long-distance jamie shaul try was enough to seal a surprise victory . hull sensed that there were some seams to pick at . joe westerman and leon pryce combined to create the space for shaul to slip through .
england fans sang anti-ira songs during tuesday 's friendly draw with italy . inside the juventus stadium , 2,000 travelling england fans seated in the curva at the north west area , there was more of the same . frankly , it is embarrassing to listen to - a stain on our usually good-natured and good-humoured travelling supporters . in dublin there will be the issue of provocation , the potential to engage with a city that has traditionally been a political
roy hodgson still does not know his best xi according to sportsmail 's top team of reporters . england captain wayne rooney looks to get a shot in at the italian goal on tuesday . luke shaw has n't done enough yet to displace baines while henderson and wilshere represent a holding duo at the base of the midfield .
man , known only as john , used it to advertise for someone special . in the post , he sets out his requirements and offers ' a way of life with quality ' . unfortunately for prospective lovers , john did not specify what the ` craft ' referred to . he then posted a picture of the ad on a facebook account dedicated to london life .
helsinborg drew 0-0 with kalmar in the allsvenskan season opener . henrik larsson was forced to play his 42-year-old kit man in goal . the former celtic and barcelona striker had no option but to play daniel andersson with goalkeepers par hansson and matt pyzdrowski out injured .
mils muliaina was arrested at kingsholm stadium on friday night . the 34-year-old is accused of assaulting the woman in a crowded bar . he was held in cells overnight before being questioned for more than six hours by detectives in cardiff yesterday . the former all black has 100 caps for the all blacks .
` way of the cross ' walks took place in ohio , pennsylvania and over the brooklyn bridge , among others . tens of thousands of people flocked to pope francis ' good friday torchlight procession at the colosseum in rome . on thursday the pope washed the feet of 12 inmates and a baby at rome 's main prison in a pre-easter ritual meant to show his willingness to serve .
manchester city host manchester city at selhurst park -lrb- monday 3pm -rrb- . alan pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of clash . marouane chamakh and fraizer campbell still sidelined with hamstring injury . jordon mutch ruled out for crystal palace in premier league through suspension .
abou diaby made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game . arsenal face liverpool in saturday 's lunchtime kick-off at the emirates . arsene wenger has yet to decide whether to offer diaby a new contract . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
liverpool have scored just 45 goals this season , compared to 84 at the same stage last season . raheem sterling , jordan henderson and steven gerrard have scored six goals each . aston villa 's top scorers are christian benteke and gabriel agbonlahor .
alan pardew called manuel pellegrini a ` f *** ing old c ** t ' during a premier league match between newcastle and manchester city in january 2014 . pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of england 's top sides if given the chance . the 53-year-old has benefited from sessions with former international cricketer jeremy snape .
chelsea are nine points clear of manchester city with both teams having eight games left to play . goalkeeper joe hart insists his side are still capable of winning the premier league title . the 27-year-old won his 50th cap at the age of 27 and was immensely proud of his achievement .
police in rhein erft , germany , received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted ` happily ' hopping through a field . they immediately assumed it was a april fools prank and dismissed the strange call . they later found the australian marsupial in a field in bruhl , 20 kilometres south of the city centre of cologne .
tv hosts stood by unaware that philanthropist hugh g. rection made a generous donation of $ 32.38 . in a record breaking effort the royal children 's hospital 's good friday appeal managed to rake in over $ 17.1 million . the massive effort foreshadowed the $ 16.8 million donated at last year 's event .
qpr had lost 13 of 14 league away games before saturday 's 4-1 win . the win also saw the west london club end a five-game losing run . chris ramsey believes qpr could have won previous games but lacked a finishing touch and also had shaky moments in defence .
aston villa host qpr at villa park -lrb- tuesday 3pm -rrb- . tim sherwood is definitely without a trio of key players for the game . scott sinclair and ashley westwood are doubts along with tom cleverley and aly cissokho .
kim sei-young shot a three-under-par 69 in california on saturday . the south korean led by two shots at the halfway stage at mission hills country club . the 22-year-old is in good spirits as she chases her first lpga major victory .
lydia ko shot a 2-over 74 on saturday in the ana inspiration o . the new zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour . the 17-year-old has finished under par in 17 tournaments since the women 's british open last summer .
tiger woods confirmed his return to competitive golf for the first time since early february . the former world no 1 withdrew with a back injury in the first round of the farmers insurance open . montgomerie will be at the masters in augusta ahead of rory mcilroy .
tiger woods and no rory mcilroy in the field at the shell houston open . it 's 18 months now since spieth attracted criticism for giving up on university and joining the pga tour as the 809th ranked player in the world . spieth 's fellow american phil mickelson has also impressed in the run up to the masters .
south korea 's kim sei-young eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead in the second round of the ana inspiration on friday . the 22-year-old kim won her maiden lpga tour title in february .
serena williams beat sabine lisicki in three sets to reach the semi-finals of the miami open . the world no 1 will face romania 's simona halep for a place in the final after the third-seed beat sloane stephens 6-1 , 7-5 . willaims is the latest recipient of a giant celebration present after she clocked her 700th career victory .
andy murray says british players anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking . bedene is originally from slovenia and has played for the davis cup team . the 27-year-old says his colleagues should use the assimilation of the world no 83 as motivation to better themselves .
british no 1 andy murray beat dominic thiem 3-6 , 6-4 6-1 in the semi-finals . murray was awaiting the winner of the last eight match between tomas berdych and juan monaco . the 21-year-old austrian lost in the second round of a challenger event to soon-to-be new brit aljaz bedene .
venus williams beat carla suarez navarro 0-6 , 7-5 at key biscayne . petkovic booked her place in the last four after a 6-4 , 6-2 win over 14th seeded czech karolina pliskova . the spaniard won the first four games and went on to take the second set 6-1 .
novak djokovic beat alexandr dolgopolov 6-7 -lrb- 3/7 -rrb- 7-5 6-0 at the miami open . the serbian won a first-set tie-break and building a quick 4-2 lead in the second set . djokori will face andy murray and kei nishikori in the quarter-finals .
nick scholfield has been lined up to ride jim culloty 's spring heeled in the grand national at aintree on saturday week . scholst had been expected to partner paul nicholls-trained sam winner , who was pulled up in the cheltenham gold cup , in the # 1million race . but the champion trainer said on wednesday it was unfair to tie the gelding which is far from certain to run when the mount on another
newport gwent dragons beat cardiff blues 25-21 at rodney parade . tries from wing hallam amos , replacement nic cudd , a penalty try plus penalties from tom prydie and dorian jones brought the dragons back from a big deficit to victory . scrum-half lloyd williams , fly-half gareth anscombe and number eight josh navidi crossed for the blues , while anscombe added three conversions .
england face leinster in the champions cup quarter-final on saturday . george ford , dave attwood , jonathan joseph and anthony watson all return to the scene of the 19-9 defeat by ireland . bath 's electric centre was running crucially malfunctioned twice .
alfonso thomas has agreed to coach delhi daredevils in the indian premier league this month . veteran seamer thomas is not yet fit for selection for somerset 's first lv = county championship fixture at home to durham . thomas will take up the short-term coaching appointment with delhi until april 16 .
moeen ali is planning to join england for the latter stages of their test tour of the west indies . the off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during england 's failed world cup campaign . moeen enjoyed a successful introduction to test cricket last summer , picking up 22 wickets in seven tests .
sim bhullar is set to become the nba 's first player of indian descent . the 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on friday when the kings host the new orleans pelicans . the kings are not expected to announce his deal until thursday .
arsenal romped to a 4-1 win over liverpool at the emirates stadium . arsene wenger is convinced something is finally happening at the club . the gunners are seven points ahead of chelsea with a match in hand . click here for arsenal transfer news .
michel vorm set to deputise in place of hugo lloris when tottenham play burnley at turf moor on sunday . the 31-year-old signed from swansea in the summer . pochettino has praised vorm 's attitude despite being behind him .
leigh griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during celtic 's 2-0 win in paisley on good friday night . the controversial striker looked round in the dug-out before unwrapping the tasty treat within the first 10 minutes . ronnie deila has encouraged the concept of the 24/7 athlete by insisting on a strict diet regime for his players .
rangers have been de-listed from the aim after dave king failed to find a new nominated advisor . interim chairman paul murray put the blame for aim 's decision at the door of the club 's previous board but tried to play down fears by revealing the new regime in charge is now considering a switch to the isdx market .
sunderland face newcastle united at st james ' park on sunday . the magpie mandate is survival and little more , a dispiriting acceptance of mediocrity which has permeated a squad in desperate need of overhaul . the same can be said of a sunderland side who have won just four times all season .
porto have received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years . since winning the champions league under jose mourinho they have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits . nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have south american backgrounds such as james rodriguez .
lionel messi was left out of both argentina 's games during the international break with his swollen foot . barcelona team-mate gerard pique says messi wants to play at the weekend and as ' a front page reads : ` next is gaya ' . espn have claimed that messi 's injury was the result of a tackle by martin demichelis during manchester city 's champions league exit against barca last month .
river plate are keen to sign radamel falcao from manchester united . the 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at old trafford . vice president matias patanian said : ` the doors are open ' . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .
stephen curry scored 27 points and klay thompson had 25 . clippers blew a 17-point lead and had their seven-game winning streak broken . brooklyn beat indiana to reclaim sole possession of eighth and final play-off spot in the eastern conference with its season-high fourth straight victory .
brendan rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving northern ireland for england aged 16 and training with the reading youth team . the reds manager believes the memory of missing out on a playing career has helped him in the long run . rodgers has made 120 appearances for liverpool at the tender age of 20 .
raheem sterling admitted in a tv interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new # 100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club . but rodgers admitted the interview was conducted without the club 's consent and ` surprised us all ' . sterling admitted he was ` flattered ' by interest from arsenal .
jamie carragher flew out to watch his son play for the under 12s . the liverpool youngsters drew 1-1 with local catalan side ce mercantil . the tournament is now in its 15th year and both philippe coutinho and lucas played in the past .
salford half-back rangi chase faces a four to eight-match ban . he was charged with making a grade e dangerous throw on good friday . the red devils went on to beat huddersfield 18-12 to continue their good form . chase will be joined at red hall by team-mate weller hauraki , widnes ' danny tickle and hull kr prop mitch allgood .
thiago came on for philipp lahm in the 1-0 win at the westfalenstadion on saturday . the spaniard admits he barely felt fit enough to play 10 minutes . thiago admits he is now hoping to get back into the side as pep guardiola 's men continue their hunt for the treble .
james rodriguez will start against granada at the santiago bernabeu . the colombian international has scored 12 goals in 33 games since joining real madrid in the summer . carlo ancelotti has said he is fine after recovering from a fractured right foot following two months on the sidelines .
kevin theophile-catherine signed for cardiff from stade rennais for # 2.1 million but has been on loan with st etienne this season . they have an option to make the deal permanent for # 1.5 million . the 25-year-old has two years left on contract at cardiff .
daryl clark is ready to take on his former team-mates at castleford tigers , his boyhood club . the england hooker left the tigers at the end of last season and has kept a close eye on events at his old club . warrington coach tony smith believes clark deserves a good reception from the visiting fans .
salford secured a second win in a row with a 18-12 victory at huddersfield . josh griffin and ben jones-bishop scored tries in the first half . jack hughes gave the giants hope despite the prolific aaron murphy 's try setting up a tense finish .
wigan warriors came out on top 12-4 in a brutal , no-holds-barred contest in front of a spellbound 24,054 crowd at the dw stadium . it took a try from sydney-bound winger joe burgess 10 minutes from the end to finally break the champions ' resistance . it was a second successive defeat for saints , who began the season under keiron cunningham with six wins in a row .
warrington crashed to a third straight super league defeat . the game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans . widnes maintained their focus to run out 30-10 winners and maintain their impressive form at the select security stadium . they have taken seven points out of a possible 10 this year .
england 's plane landed in manchester to allow their northern-based players and staff , including carrick and wayne rooney , to disembark after the draw with italy . the squad had originally been set to leave northern italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for roy hodgson 's men to take an extra night 's stay . players from manchester united , manchester city , everton , liverpool , aston villa and
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser against italy on tuesday . the 23-year-old has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers . townsend has scored as many goals for england as he has done in the premier league this season .
graziano pelle scored in italy 's 1-1 draw with england on tuesday . the southampton striker has not scored in the premier league since december 20 . pelle has scored nine goals in his first 12 matches for southampton . saints fans will be hoping that drought may soon come to an end .
joe hart has labelled fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon a ` legend of the game ' . manchester city shot stopper hart won his 147th cap against england on tuesday night . hart said buffon 's caps total is a long way off but he wants to keep going .
la gazzetta dello sport have criticised theo walcott 's display against italy . the milan-based publication have scored five out of 10 for his performance . england captain wayne rooney , goalscorer andros townsend and substitute ross barkley have all been awarded seven out of ten .
five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down ` the super slide ' at the sydney royal easter show on saturday night . it is understood a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed earlier in the night due to fears the heavy rain would make the slide particularly slippery . the group were travelling at such great speeds that they were unable to stop and broke through the barricade at the bottom of the ride . a 22-year
national union of teachers expected to call for vote on industrial action this weekend . ballot of 300,000 members would take place after the election . last time teachers across the country went on strike in july , 21 per cent were forced to close -- leaving parents having to pay for childcare or take a day off work .
zara tindall , 33 , turned her hand to barrel-pulling and laughingly pretended to pull husband mike along while striking a pose for the cameras . moment came during charity event to mark end of personal trainer rob edmond 's marathon barrel-roll from perthshire to wiltshire .
the aroused reptile is seen beginning its painstakingly slow ascent on to the back of a female 's shell . but instead of getting lucky , the blundering tortoise somehow manages to lose its balance , sending it toppling over onto its back . amusing moment was caught on camera by ukranian photographer , vadym shevchenko , at kiev zoo .
the champions of england were smashed into submission at stade marcel-michelin on saturday night . clermont are nigh-on invincible at home and northampton could do absolutely nothing to even fleetingly threaten their dominance in this raucous arena . all the while brock james kept cranking up the points tally with a break-away try from 90 metres out .
borussia dortmund 's nuri sahin claims arsenal tried to lure him from the bundesliga with a ` great bid ' . the turkey international did n't go because his family wanted to stay in germany . sahin spent five months on loan at real madrid before returning to dortmund .
antonio nunez , 59 , allegedly stabbed his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork during an argument at his home in san antonio , texas . it escalated , and at 4.15 am nuñez allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman 's behind . she is in hospital recovering .
residents of a dallas neighborhood saw a man approach a male peacock , who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage . the man is seen bending down and picking up the bird by both its claws before shoving it into his black chevy tahoe with its feathers sticking out of the door .
former leeds and england coach tony smith admits he was shocked by kevin sinfield 's decision to switch codes . sinfield stunned the world of rugby league with his sudden announcement that he will quit the sport at the end of the season and join the rhinos ' sister club yorkshire carnegie on an 18-month contract . smith says he is sad to see his former skipper swap codes .
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini admits his club will have to buy young talent because the academy 's youngsters are not ready for first-team action . sterling has already had his name linked with the defending premier league champions after his contract stalemate at anfield . fa chairman greg dyke 's proposal to increase the quota of homegrown players to 12 in premier league squads .
the lamb named winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck . walking around to the front of the lamb , the duck begins pecking away at the lamb 's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat . the lamb appears as though it is about to walk away when it drops to the ground and allows the duck to continue .
tyler macniven and his fiancee , kelly hennigan , made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials . the video shows the two literally saving ` the date ' as they wash up on shore , fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape one very large explosion . the couple 's wedding will be on september 26 , 2015 , though the video fails to say where the ceremony will take place .
cctv footage shows the thieves in action at the shell fuel stop at 265 ygnacio valley road in walnut creek . once the cord is attached , the vehicle in the background speeds off and uproots the atm from its mount . sparks are caught flying into the air as the large device is dragged across the tarmac .
veteran broadcaster peter alliss has sparked controversy by claiming gender equality laws have backfired and ` b ***** ed up the game ' . alliss , 84 , has said that legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has prompted a decline in women 's membership . but the equality act 2010 , drafted by the previous labour government , ruled that this was illegal discrimination .
the property , in the leafy south east london suburb of chislehurst , was designed and built especially for government officials as the cold war intensified in 1951 . the site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls . now it has been converted into a contemporary luxury home , complete with a swimming pool , a stunning atrium and a magnificent glass staircase .
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace on monday night . manuel pellegrini guided city to their second premier league title in three seasons back in may . city sit fourth after the defeat , nine points adrift of leaders chelsea , who retain a game in hand .
carlisle united lost 3-1 at accrington stanley on saturday . the cumbrians are without a win in five games in league two . manager keith curle has launched a scathing attack on his side . he said some players ` do n't deserve to be professionals ' .
mailonline ran a story on april fools ' day stating that prior to arsenal 's clash with liverpool at the emirates , both pre-match teamtalks by captains per mertesacker and jordan henderson would be streamed live to the world . the story was of course a hoax but still managed to create plenty of confusion for wenger and the assembled press at thursday 's media gathering .
oscar has a capital one cup medal to his name this season . the brazilian took to his instagram account to post a picture of him swigging from a bottle of sweets . the 23-year-old also scored in brazil 's 3-1 victory against france .
everton stars leighton baines and luke garbutt paid a visit to alder hey children 's hospital on wednesday . the toffees duo handed out easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the west derby hospital . roberto martinez 's side face southampton at st mary 's on saturday .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading 's madejski stadium during their fa cup quarter final replay with bradford city last month . the reading supporter , whose team were 3-0 up at the time , did four front flips on the pitch , landing on his back each time . he is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt .
mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter relaxing with his dog on wednesday . the german star was in fine form as germany beat georgia 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . ozil was signed for # 42.5 million from real madrid in 2013 .
yaya toure was accused by sportsmail 's jamie carragher of ducking out of the way of jason puncheon 's free-kick which killed off manchester city 's hopes of salvaging something from selhurst park . toure , who is paid # 200,000-a-week , was part of a five-man wall when puncheon stepped up to double crystal palace 's lead , but sportsmail columnist feels the city midfielder did not do enough
lionel messi should be available for barcelona 's trip to celta vigo , says gerard pique . messi did not feature in either of argentina 's friendlies during the international break after sustaining a blow to his right foot in last month 's ` clasico ' against real madrid . second-placed real host granada on sunday .
greg dyke has returned a # 16,000 parmigiani watch that he was given as a gift at the world cup as england were eliminated in the group stage . dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the fa 's official charity partner , breast cancer care . but with the threat of sanctions if he did not return the watch , fifa 's ethics committee has closed proceedings on the matter .
tyler walker came off the bench to score his first senior goal for nottingham forest away to brentford on east monday . the 18-year-old striker has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far , a distance from the 858 senior games , including 59 england caps , of des . still , the game is about goals ... true , and walker junior 's was a peach , controlling a high ball in an instant , shimmying past a defender
veteran bbc commentator peter alliss claimed gender equality laws have ` b ******* up the game for a lot of people ' . he also claimed the bbc should have done more to secure the open coverage . alliss ' comments come as the 2016 open championship will be the last to be broadcast live on bbc before sky sports takes over .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth , over the weekend . far from a conventional toast , mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage . the crowd , who can be heard bursting out in laughter throughout the song , erupt into a standing ovation at the end of the performance .
john daniel tohill , 37 , was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left nelson on the tasman bay to travel north . but on tuesday evening his brother tobias received a call from john saying he had would be visiting them in the coming weeks . the family learned that john had never left the country , had no savings and did not possess a driver 's licence .
youtube videos show four-month-old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father 's hand as he 's lifted through the air . as he whizzes up and down , the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright . his outstretched arms help him to remain airborne .
lucy garrod , now 27 , developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion . she had been wearing contact lenses since she was 15 with no problems . woke up one morning feeling as though her eye was ` the size of a golf ball ' . but she learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed with first class honours .
david luiz went off after 35 minutes of psg 's 3-2 win over marseille . the brazilian defender picked up a hamstring injury on sunday . the 27-year-old will have scans on monday to assess extent of injury . psg face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final on april 15 .
the critters were filmed at indiana 's indianapolis zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen . footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs . however , instead of an even-surfaced court , they 're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure . march madness is set to come to a close tonight as the wisconsin badgers and duke blue devils go head-to-
fritz the golden retriever from california appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills . slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch the treat . however , despite his best efforts , the egg narrowly misses his jaw , bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead .
a video uploaded by youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen . as the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg , the infant can barely believe her eyes . when the first egg emerges she cries for joy and when the third comes she lets out a shriek with her arms waving around .
incredible weather event took place in siberia 's third largest city , krasnoyarsk . snowstorm moved at a speed of 45mph and engulfed the kommunalnyi bridge . flecks of snow can be seen in the air as the large cloud becomes increasingly grey in colour .
incident took place in the sky over russia 's dmitrov district . balloon catches the side of the tower and the basket , which carries three occupants , plummets to the ground . instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises but are all reported to be in a stable condition .
australian goanna has been filmed swallowing a whole rabbit in under one minute . the lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow the catch . the video begins by closing in on the top of a towering power pole . goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding , allowing them to eat over-sized prey .
christopher dodd , 24 , and fay purdham , 27 , are now a couple . the pair grew up together as boys , playing football and playstation for endless hours . soon after they parted ways , fay started her transition to becoming a woman . they are now planning their dream wedding .
loushanna and shawn craig had gone to tenerife for three-day holiday . but they were refused to fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant . mrs craig was marooned on island for up to two weeks after her id card was stolen . she claims she has right documentation to prove she was allowed to return .
rory mcilroy and three-time masters champion faldo were on the cover of men 's health magazine during monday 's practice round at augusta national . faldo voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights . he goes into the year 's first major as the bookies ' favourite and looking to become just the sixth player in history to complete the career grand slam .
residents from alderholt , dorset , woke to discover a chocolate egg on their doorsteps . rob wood , 67 , said it was a ` wonderful act of random kindness ' . it must have been quite some operation , he said : ` it 's just such a beautiful thing to do ' .
notts county have appointed ricardo moniz as their new manager . the 50-year-old dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation . moniz will be moniz 's assistant with strength and conditioning coach mike edwards and goalkeeping coach kevin pilkington remaining in their posts .
paul hartley is not reading too much into dundee united 's recent slide ahead of wednesday 's scottish premiership derby at dens park . united have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions , drawing the other two two , while their last league victory was way back on january 24 against motherwell . hartle is refusing to believe that will make his side 's job any easier as they attempt to register their first win in a derby this season
chris ramsey was sherwood 's closest lieutenant at tottenham last season . ramsey had at the weekend vowed to take the unusual step of trying to make contact with his opposing manager ahead of the game . sherwood insists he will allow nothing to distract him from his primary focus of keeping villa in the division .
graeme mcdowell admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by augusta national . the former us open champion is optimistic he can improve on his masters record this week after overcoming an ankle injury which forced him to withdraw from the valero texas open last month . the 35-year-old has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the masters .
tiger woods returned to action as he warmed up at augusta national . the 39-year-old shot a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them and withdrawing through injury after just 11 holes of practice . woods has not won a major since the 2008 us open and the last of his four masters wins was a decade ago .
ben crenshaw will mark his 44th and last consecutive appearance in the masters by standing in for arnold palmer in the traditional par-three tournament at augusta national . palmer is unable to play alongside gary player and jack nicklaus in the curtain-raising event on wednesday afternoon . the winner of the par three contest has never gone on to win the tournament proper in the same year .
tomas berdych beat argentine monaco 6-3 , 6-4 in the miami open quarter-finals on wednesday . the eighth seed will face andy murray in the last-eight in miami . murray is coached by murray 's former fitness trainer jez green .
world no 2 roger federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official twitter account . the 33-year-old provided the snap with a witty caption - ` tennice ' . federer decided to skip the invariably warmer climates of the miami open this year as a matter of ` physical preservation ' .
lewis ferguson , 18 , was mucking out the stables as usual at paul nicholls ' yard on thursday morning . the double somersault horror fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm at wincanton on wednesday has been watched hundreds of thousands online . ferguson said he was undeterred from getting back in the sadal .
exeter beat newcastle 48-13 in the inaugural european challenge cup . the chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at sandy park . a david ewers score and a penalty try helping the home side into a 17-6 half-time lead . exeter will take on gloucester at kingsholm in two weeks ' time .
saracens chairman nigel wray has dismissed rugby 's salary caps rules as ` a farce ' in financial documents seen by the mail on sunday . saracens ' mounting debt has topped # 40m -- the most in rugby history . the club are being investigated by premier rugby for alleged salary cap breaches .
liam plunkett returned to the england fold last summer in test series against sri lanka and india . the 29-year-old has recovered from a minor ankle complaint in yorkshire 's pre-season trip to abu dhabi . he is now looking to make a name for himself in a part of the world that is famous for its quick men .
jonathan trott was picked for this three-test tour of the caribbean . the 33-year-old has been impressive in not only addressing the personal demons which led to his departure from brisbane but also scoring the weight of runs needed to demand a recall . alastair cook admits england will not be totally sure if trott can handle the mental demands of international cricket until he is pitched into the heat of battle again .
jonathan trott dramatically left the 2013/14 ashes trip after just one match at the gabba having struggled with what was initially labelled a ` stress-related condition ' . test captain alastair cook feels the batsman is ready for the ` pressure cooker ' of international cricket . trott appears to have first claim after batting alongside the skipper in saturday 's centre-wicket practice session at warner park .
martin guptill has been recalled to the new zealand test squad . the 23-year-old has not represented the black caps at test level since the 2013 tour of england . paceman matt henry who played against south africa in the final , has been called up to the test squad for the first time .
ben gibson has decided to retire from cricket just four years after his debut . the 19-year-old entered the record books in 2011 when he lined up against durham university just 27 days after his 15th birthday . the leeds-born wicketkeeper said it was a ` difficult decision ' to make .
jonathan trott returns to the england set-up for the first time since leaving last winter 's ashes tour with a stress-related illness . warwickshire batsman touched down in the west indies with england on thursday night . dr steve peters claims he did little more than give trott the tools to rebuild his england career .
kevin pietersen is set to play against oxford mccu in the parks . the 34-year-old is hoping to press for an england recall through weight of runs in the lv = county championship . the record-breaking batsman is therefore expected to feature in his first championship match since 2013 .
moises henriques has signed a deal to play in the t20 blast for surrey . the australian all-rounder will join surrey immediately after the indian premier league season concludes at the end of next month . surrey director of cricket alec stewart added : ` moises is a fine all-round cricketer and will add great depth to our squad ' .
louis smith will represent great britain for the first time since his double olympic medal-winning performance at london 2012 . smith competed for england at last year 's commonwealth games and has been selected after winning gold on the pommels at the recent british championships . world all-around silver medallist kristian thomas , sam oldham and daniel purvis are also selected with courtney tulloch finishing off the six-
the world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more ` grid girls ' before races . the decision by the fia is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport . the use of models , also referred to as ` race queens ' or ` umbrella girls ' , to stand by cars with flags or placards displaying drivers ' numbers has long been a feature of formula one .
john higgins moved into the quarter-finals of the china open with a 5-4 victory over judd trump . the veteran scot recovered from losing the opening frame to move 4-2 ahead but both players were struggling for rhythm in beijing . trump narrowed the gap and a break of 68 helped the uk championship finalist take the match to a decider , where higgins prevailed , after overturning a 59-point deficit .
west ham united host west ham united at king power stadium -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . matt upson is out of leicester 's clash with west ham as the rock-bottom foxes continue their fight for survival . jeff schlupp will be assessed after he played in ghana 's 1-1 draw with mali on tuesday .
jonas gutierrez was not expected to start after twice surviving cancer . the argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month . the 31-year-old was newcastle 's best player - not that he had much competition - but one that ended in defeat .
west brom host queens park rangers at the hawthorns -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . craig dawson is suspended for the visit of qpr after he was awarded the red card wrongly given to gareth mcauley against manchester city . ben foster has been ruled out for six months with damaged crucial knee ligaments which the england keeper suffered in the last home game against stoke .
west ham have little left to play for as they sit ninth ahead of leicester city . sam allardyce wants the club to qualify for europe next season through fair play . but the west ham manager insists he has not instructed his players to keep their discipline at all costs . click here for all the latest west ham united news .
lee mcculloch was sent off in rangers ' 2-1 win over hearts at ibrox . goals from kenny miller and haris vuckic had the home side two ahead . referee bobby madden shown a straight red card for fouling striker osman sow . rangers boss staurt mccall says gers captain apologised to him .
david templeton will form part of a rangers guard of honour to recognise the outstanding championship success of his former club . templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend as stuart mccall 's recorded a 4-1 victory over cowdenbeath . rangers currently sit 26 points in front of a side fighting to finish as best of the rest ahead of the play-offs .
real madrid boss carlo ancelotti faces the enviable dilemma of trying to fit in his array of stars into his starting line-up . spanish paper as reports seven players into six spots does n't go - with one set to be upset at being left out of his preferred 4-3-3 formation . for the first time since november midfield quartet isco , toni kroos , luka modric and james rodriguez are all fit and available
real madrid beat granada 9-1 at the bernabeu on sunday night . cristiano ronaldo opened the scoring for los blancos . robert ibanez equalised for granada with a diego mainz own goal . gareth bale scored granada 's consolation .
lyon moved back to the top of ligue 1 for 24 hours at least . nabil fekir 's goal and alexandre lacazette 's penalty in the first half put les gones in control and guingamp 's hopes of a comeback took a blow . clinton n'jie struck just after the hour to put hubert fournier 's side three goals to the good , meaning claudio beauvue 's effort 10 minutes from
roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli on saturday . miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute . goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by napoli in the second half .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 2-1 at wembley in november . the two sides meet in front of an 80,000 audience at the signal iduna park on saturday evening . bayern will be champions for a third successive season . click here for all the latest bayern news .
toronto fans forced a russian premier league match between arsenal tula and torpedo moscow to be stopped for seven minutes on sunday . a statement on arsenal 's website read : ` in the 31st minute , fans from the visiting moscow club broke down barriers in front of the visitors sector and tried to get to the east stand , where a number of women and children were sitting ' . referee alexander yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and
manchester united host aston villa at old trafford -lrb- this weekend -rrb- . robin van persie is out of manchester united 's barclays premier league match with an ankle injury . luke shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem . ron vlaar could return for villa after finally shaking off a calf injury .
hull midfielder david meyler is confident his side will remain in the top flight despite their recent poor form . steve bruce 's side are in 15th place , three points off the relegation zone . hull are currently just three points above burnley after losing 3-2 at the hands of chelsea .
manchester united host aston villa at the etihad on saturday -lrb- 3pm kick-off -rrb- . leicester city face west ham united at the hawthorns on sunday . sunderland vs tottenham hotspur and crystal palace vs manchester city also on monday .
premier league leaders chelsea have won all three of their matches following the international break . everton lead the post-international premier league table with three wins from three after the break . manchester united will be hoping to follow up their win against liverpool by beating aston villa 4-1 .
kolo toure has warned raheem sterling that leaving liverpool could see him end up on the scrapheap at a big club , similar to the way jack rodwell and scott sinclair did at manchester city . toure says liverpool is the best place for sterling to stay and continue his development as a player .
the aviva premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend . toulon are destined to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year . northampton , saracens , clermont and racing , who have budgets three or four times the size of their premiership opponents .
raheem sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool . the midfielder has been linked with a # 100,000-a-week move to arsenal . sterling 's agent hoped that he did n't come across very well at all . the interview has almost changed the way the fans feel about him .
wales ' crunch euro 2016 qualifier with belgium has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . the top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 with wales in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in sweden . it is understood gareth bale and company would prefer to play at the millennium stadium rather than the millennium .
mark hughes has kept stoke city 's chequebook largely in his pocket since taking over in may 2013 . signing asmir begovic will be entering the final year of his current deal . stoke sit 10th in the premier league and still have an outside chance of earning a european berth .
raheem sterling gave a revealing insight into his future on wednesday . the liverpool winger instead pointed to his desire to finish out the season before considering any more offers , focusing on winning trophies with his club for the time being . sterling says he was not a money-grabbing 20-year-old despite turning down a liverpool contract worth # 100,000-a-week .
raheem sterling has been offered a # 100,000-a-week deal to stay on merseyside . the 20-year-old says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber . liverpool face arsenal at anfield on saturday in the premier league .
arsene wenger reveals he only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match . the arsenal manager has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in september 1996 . wenger is held aloft by his players after arsenal 's fa cup win last season .
raheem sterling has revealed he will wait until the summer before making a decision on his future . the 20-year-old scored for england in their 4-0 win over lithuania last friday night . sterling is now in position to reject contract offers of # 100,000 per week from liverpool .
raheem sterling has been offered a new # 100,000-a-week contract at anfield . brendan rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on friday . the 20-year-old has revealed he is not ready to sign a new deal at the club .
argentina beat ecuador 2-1 to notch a second straight copa america warm-up victory without lionel messi at a freezing metlife stadium in new jersey on tuesday . gerardo martino 's argentina , with captain messi looking on again while he nurses a right foot injury , had beaten el salvador 2-0 in washington on saturday . javier pastore glanced an angel di maria corner towards the far post where striker sergio ag
bojan krkic has been keeping a close eye on england 's top-flight . the stoke striker has been scheduled to return to action in july . david de gea makes a save from swansea 's ki sung-yueng during one of many excellent performances .
ben hiscox , 30 , was playing a home game for stoke gifford united in bristol . he slipped on the wet ground following the tackle and crashed into building . but three days later , he suffered two seizures and died in hospital . tributes have since flooded in for the defender , described as a ` total legend ' .
richard henyekane was killed in a car crash early tuesday , his club and the country 's premier soccer league have confirmed . the 31-year-old player was traveling with four other people in the vehicle but was the only person to die in the crash . south african media reported the crash happened in bethlehem , the town in central south africa where free state stars are based .
danny lennon has left his role as interim scotland under 21 manager . the former st mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge . paddy connolly has been in temporary charge of the wasps since barry smith resigned on march 7 . scotish fa issued a statement which read : ` danny leaves with the association 's best wishes ' .
cosmin moti is guilty of producing one of the worst tackles you 're likely to see this season after his kung-fu style tackle on a cska sofia player . it was a kick eric cantona would have been proud of , as he connected cleanly with stefan nikolic 's rib-cage and sending his opponent crashing to the floor . moti saved two penalties during the shoot-out against steaua bucharest back in august
raheem sterling will still be a liverpool player next season , says brendan rodgers . sterling started liverpool 's 4-1 defeat at arsenal on saturday . the 20-year-old has been linked with a move away from anfield . rodgers also admits that links to saturday 's opponents arsenal were ` quite flattering ' .
brian o'driscoll has been in hong kong this week working as an ambassador for hsbc ahead of the sevens . his wife amy huberman caught wind of the picture on social media , with hilarious consequences . the couple are pictured attending a downing street reception following the victorious 2013 lions tour .
paul lambert was sacked by aston villa in february after two-and-a-half seasons at the club . tim sherwood has inspired at mini-revival at villa park since taking over earlier this year . bent has scored seven goals on loan in the championship with derby .
fa chairman greg dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 . dyke is facing opposition from the premier league . five former england managers have backed dyke 's call for the english game to suffer if it blocks the proposals from dyke and the fa 's england commission .
former georgia state mid-amateur champion rory mcilroy believes jeff knox reads the mysterious augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen . knox played with knox when the northern irishman was first man out in the third round last year . a fortnight later mcilory wrote him a letter asking if he might be able to call upon his advice in the future .
jb holmes started the day six shots off the lead but ripped through the first half of the course to make the turn in 29 . overnight leader jordan spieth , who hit a fine putt to par the 18th and make it a three-way play-off , had been eliminated on the first hole .
kelvin day has only played a handful of events on the subsidiary circuit , the web.com tour but decided to enter qualifying for the houston event . this is a real 36 hole lottery where 131 players were fighting for the final four spots . with two excellent rounds of 64 , the 27-year-old finished tied first to earn his place -- and how he has taken advantage .
phil mickelson is one shot behind going into the third round at the houston open with rounds of 66 or 67 . the leftie followed his opening 66 with a 67 to sit behind leader andrew putnam . his great rival thrilled the massive number of fans on the ground with a display that recalled all his great days .
danny willett is aiming to become the first masters debutant to slip on the green jacket since fuzzy zoeller in 1979 . the yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the blue monster , perhaps it is not too fanciful to suggest . wgc-cadillac championship begins on friday at doncaster golf range .
super league title sponsors first utility have announced a new format for the player of the month award which lets fans vote for the league 's most outstanding players . at the end of each month , a shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of league weekly and fans will be asked to vote for their choice on the facebook page , www.facebook.com/firstutilitysuperleague . leeds rhinos ' paul aiton has been nominated for the super league player of the
michael carrick made his england debut against italy on tuesday night . carrick has played for england for 13 years , 310 days -lrb- 228 days -rrb- . sir stanley matthews won his 54 england caps over a 23-year period .
steve bruce was snapped holidaying in barbados with alan shearer . hull manager says he was ` disappointed ' the pictures were published . bruce also had an appetite for the debate about how premier league clubs should do more to bring through english talent . fa chairman greg dyke recently outlined new proposals .
teofil brank , better known by his stage name jarec wentworth , was arrested on march 4 by the fbi in los angeles . investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $ 1 million in cash from the victim . in text messages to the victim , brank threatened to post photos and other details of the man 's trysts through his twitter account .
mauricio pochettino wants talks with the fa before approving harry kane 's involvement in the forthcoming european under 21 championship . tottenham have major concerns about the striker playing in the summer . kane will be available for the competition in the czech republic despite playing for the seniors in recent clashes against lithuania and italy .
the cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used cameras . fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses and re-learning how to use them . when play begins on thursday , fans will have to put them back on the shelves .
wilford was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in cass county , north dakota . he needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade . wilford has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is now slowly returning to his paws .
theo walcott was replaced by ross barkley after 55 minutes of england 's 1-1 draw against italy on tuesday night . the 26-year-old has struggled for game time since returning from a long-term lay-off due to a serious knee injury . walcott could face liverpool on saturday with alex oxlade-chamberlain injured and danny welbeck a major doubt .
sir alex ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the manchester united hotseat where he won 38 trophies . the scot was appointed as the red devils manager in november 1986 at the age of 45 before announcing his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers insists raheem sterling is ` going nowhere ' this summer . sterling stunned liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a # 100,000-a-week contract . chelsea want to be kept informed about the forward 's future as they join the hunt with arsenal and manchester city .
raheem sterling has rejected a new contract worth # 100,000-a-week . he was named pfa young player of the year -lrb- 1998 -rrb- in december 1999 . sterling scored the fastest hat-trick in the premier league on his way to 50 goals by his 20th birthday .
adam mcburney , who has been capped for the ireland under-20s , was not at his home when it was targeted on easter sunday . neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property , after bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls .
the 450kg -lrb- 990lb -rrb- beast was coated in a yellow marinade before it was lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln . momin hopur , a uighur celebrity chef , spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual apricot tourism festival .
homesick sam tomkins has been released by the new zealand warriors . the 26-year-old england full-back is interesting his former club , where his brother joel plays , and wigan have an option to bring him back to the dw stadium . wigan chairman ian lenagan told wigan today that tomkins will be on the move .
david luiz will miss champions league clash with barcelona . brazilian defender pulled up clutching his hamstring in first-half . psg currently sit top of the pile in france just one point ahead of lyon . laurent blanc 's side are still fighting for the ligue one title .
mark clattenburg will officiate the manchester derby between united and city at old trafford on sunday . the 40-year-old was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium 's 1-0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31 . the english referee has been accused of favouring louis van gaal 's side in the past .
tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her . the 40-year-old former channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing . she also showed daily mail australia the aftermath of the surgery , complete with bruises and swelling she said will last ' a few weeks ' .
neil phillips was england 's team doctor at the 1966 world cup . he was a former director at middlesbrough and also used to have a surgery in redcar . a service of thanksgiving will take place on wednesday april 8 in his home town of malvern in worcestershire .
the average household now owns 7.4 internet devices and four in 10 bought a tablet in the last year . smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device , followed by laptops -lrb- 1.3 -rrb- and tablets - with a fifth of homes owning two of the latter .
francis bakvis was searching for his sixteen-year-old pet cat tiger . after noticing a foul odour in the yard of his home in clifton beach , northern queensland , he found a dead scrub python . it contained the remains of the family cat tiger , who had been missing for three days .
juan mata says manchester united need to look at the next seven premier league games as a ` final ' . the spaniard has been in fine form for louis van gaal 's side during their five game winning run . united are currently above rivals manchester city by one point .
police were called to the scene in the north las vegas neighborhood at about 11.30 am on thursday . the father , 24 , and other family members inside did not know that the toddler , who later died at university medical hospital , had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway . the incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed .
travis hatfield , 21 , from gilbert , west virginia sung a george jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle , jamie joe cline . the video went viral onine . travis says he was surrounded by country music and knew he wanted to be a singer from about the age of six .
dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television , film and the fashion industry . the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
manchester united face south american duo radamel falcao and sergio aguero in sunday 's manchester derby . the duo feature in a promo video for sponsors puma . the match ended on a cliffhanger at 2-2 . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
lydia kelm , 23 , had a blood-alcohol content of .247 when police tested her after showing up to the mcdonald 's in leesburg , florida , early monday . police say that instead of purchasing food and driving away , the nurse revved her engine loudly and backed up twice , prompting workers to yell repeatedly for her to move forward . she has since been released on $ 1,000 bail .
footage shows a giant st. bernard dog running across a road somewhere in the czech republic with a child trailing behind . it appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion , with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind . as the canine scampers along , his passenger holds tightly to a leash .
the nypd released the video tuesday along with a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her . the video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car at around 12.30 am saturday . the victim was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness .
passengers face up to three days of disruption , with british airways , easyjet , ryanair and flybe among the airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights . walkout by france 's biggest air traffic controllers ' union sncta will begin at 5am today and run until 5am on friday .
colin graves has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave the england team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever . it all started on march 1 when he gave an interview to garry richardson of the bbc , who is known for his persistence and admirable success in coaxing ear-catching sound bites from interviewees . so when graves said that pietersen -- exiled for valid reasons after the last ashes debacle before producing a nasty autobiography that only supported the ec
greg gibbins , 28 , went into cardiac arrest after he was stabbed in the chest outside a pizza store in toukley , nsw on sunday night . police have charged a 20-year-old man with murder of the talented football player . it is believed the attack could have been related to an earlier incident .
fifa presidential candidate luis figo disputed the confederation of african football 's claim that all 54 votes from the continent will go to incumbent sepp blatter . blatter seeks re-election on may 29 against figo , prince ali bin al hussein of jordan and the dutch football association president michael van praag .
real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday night . cristiano ronaldo hit five in real 's 9-1 win against granada at the weekend . the 30-year-old moved him above lionel messi in the race for the pichichi trophy .
charlie austin scored his 17th premier league goal of the season . tim sherwood was disappointed that aston villa 's domination of qpr did not result in three points for his side . the point lifts qpr above burnley to 18th on goal difference , while villa move above hull to 16th .
phil jones hopes manchester united ` turn up and play their football ' . the 23-year-old started for united in their 3-1 win at aston villa on saturday . united host their ` noisy neighbours ' at old trafford on sunday . jones is hoping they can continue their momentum when manuel pellegrini 's side enter the red half of manchester city .
vincent kompany believes a win against manchester united will help rectify their season . manuel pellegrini 's side were given a torrid time by crystal palace on monday . the city captain admits that the derby game is crucial and believes being the underdogs suits his side .
scotland 's bradley neil has received the backing of world no 1 rory mcilroy as he ponders turning professional . the 19-year-old scot admits he may turn professional before september 's clash with the united states at royal lytham . neil invites the amateur champion to the masters and us open in 2015 .
rory mcilroy has won all four major titles since the night before his open victory at hoylake last july . the world no 1 insists he has arrived at augusta ready to mount a serious challenge on the masters . the northern irishman admits he has been ready for the thing to start tomorrow .
john isner beat kei nishikori 6-4 , 6-3 at the miami open on thursday . isner is the first american to reach the semi finals in miami since 2011 . andy murray will face tomas berdych in the other semi final in key biscayne .
andy murray will have to cope with seeing two of his former team in the opposite corner in miami . fitness trainer jez green and coach dani vallverdu left murray to join tomas berdych 's team . murray 's fiance kim sears was caught uttering profanities in the direction of the czech powerhouse .
carla suarez navarro will play either simona halep or serena williams in the final of the miami open on saturday . the spaniard did n't face a single break point and will meet either top seed or third seed in saturday 's final . the schedule includes a pair of men 's quarterfinal matches , with fourth-seeded kei nishikori of japan facing 22nd-seed john isner of the united states .
lewis ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton . the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation . but he was back riding out and is undeterred from getting back in the saddle .
jonjo o'neill hosted a media stable visit on thursday at his jackdaws castle yard in gloucestershire . the record-breaking jump jockey is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys ' championship and retire . mccoy has not decided yet whether he is riding shutthefrontdoor in the # 1million crabbie 's grand national at aintree on april 11 .
marcelo bosch kicked the winning penalty as saracens beat racing metro 12-11 . the 31-year-old landed a 55-metre penalty in the final act of the last eight showdown against racing metro . bosch is mobbed by his team-mates after scoring the kick that won his team the game .
marcelo bosch kicks the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch saracens a semi-final berth in the european rugby champions cup semi-finals . the 31-year-old is mobbed by his elated sarries team-mates after his kick sails over the posts for the win . england 's first team through to the semis celebrate with the last-minute kick of the game .
sussex head coach mark robinson has warned that wicketkeeper matt prior remains ` pretty much out indefinitely ' as his recovery continues . prior , 33 , was badly affected by the problem last summer , eventually losing his england place to jos buttler , and has not played since july . prior admitted he may never play test cricket for england again after his injury .
ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase bmw on to pole start for the easter monday opening round of the mce british superbike championship . defending champion shane byrne finished less than a quarter of a second down .
world no 1 mark selby beat gary wilson 10-2 in the final of the baic motor china open on sunday . the leicester cueman dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to claim the sixth ranking title of his career and # 85,000 in prize money .
wisconsin ended kentucky 's bid to become the first college basketball team to remain undefeated in nearly 40 years . wisconsin will play duke , an 81-61 winner over michigan state in the earlier semi-final , at the lucas oil stadium in indianapolis on monday night . coach bo ryan , who leads the badgers to their first final since 1941 , said ` it gives us another 40 minutes , i know that ' .
tom daley hopes his new ` firework ' dive can help win olympic gold . the former world champion spent most of last year battling to master his ` demon ' dive , a dizzying combination of somersaults and twists he had hoped would prove the difference . daley spent long hours on the trampoline perfecting technique before building the dive in stages from different heights .
memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the nba 's southwest division with a 100-92 win over oklahoma city on friday . the grizzlies moved level with houston atop the southwest division , both trailing golden state , which has already sealed the conference title . san antonio stayed within two games of that fight over the no 2 playoff seed by routing denver , while the key postseason-shaping games in the east saw brooklyn extend its winning streak with
harry kane became the youngest premier league player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days . tottenham went into the premier league match looking to get back into the race for champions league qualification after liverpool 's loss . sean dyche 's side have now qualified for the champions league after beating burnley at turf moor .
bafetimbi gomis unleashed a thunderous overhead kick shortly before half-time to capitalise on some poor hull defending . the french striker unleashed a spectacular volley past allan mcgregor and into the roof of the net to double the home side 's lead in the first half . steve bruce 's side are now five points clear at the top of the premier league table .
esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career . leicester city are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the premier league , knowing that time is running out to save themselves . the argentinian midfielder admits that keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy .
newcastle beat sunderland 1-0 in their tyne-wear derby on sunday . daryl janmaat has admitted that newcastle got exactly what they deserved . the holland full-back played the full 90 minutes despite a suspected tear in his calf muscle during the warm-up .
graziano pelle last scored in the premier league during southampton 's 3-0 defeat of everton on december 20 . the italy striker is now hoping to return to the form that saw him plunder eight goals in his first 17 league games . ronald koeman has backed pelle to go on a run during the final eight games of the campaign .
stuart mccall says he was warned about taking over at ibrox by walter smith . the former light blues midfielder steered his new side to their third victory on the bounce with sunday 's 2-1 win over hearts . smith has managed to unite a forlorn band of players since taking over a month ago .
joe hart is the no 1 for manchester city and the england national team . the lucky prize winner will also receive a gillette fusion proglide shave gel worth # 4.99 . the competition closes on sunday april 19 at the etihad stadium in london .
roy keane gave struggling sunderland the lead during the 2007-08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room . but instead of encouraging his players to put their poor start to the season behind them , the former manchester united midfielder delivered an astonishing team talk . keane also reveals how keane once demanded for him to swear at and criticise his team-mates instead of getting behind them .
vincent duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season . the france international suffered a ruptured tendon in the dragons ' 33-22 defeat at hull fc on march 20 . next up for the sixth-placed catalans is a trip to wigan on sunday .
bayern munich face borussia dortmund in the german cup quarter-final . pep guardiola believes jerome boateng is one of the world 's best centre backs . bastian schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the clash . bayern boss also offered an apology to midfielder mario gotze .
manchester city lost 2-1 at crystal palace on monday night . manuel pellegrini 's side have not won a premier league game in almost 20 years . city have spent five seasons out of the top-flight since the 1994-95 campaign - which rovers went on to win .
tiger woods was pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice at augusta national golf club . he was also joined on the course by long-term skier girlfriend lindsey vonn . woods believes the hiatus has done him good and he is in the right shape to win the 15th major of his career .
world no 1 rory mcilroy shields himself from the rain during a practice round at augusta . englishman ian poulter was so excited to get started that he forgot his clubs . henrik stenson of sweden looked less than impressed after coming down with a bout of flu .
the 79th masters gets underway on thursday and the focus will be on rory mcilroy as the northern irishman bids to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career grand slam . bubba watson is the defending champion in a field that also includes young american stars jordan spieth and rickie fowler , including a host of former champions . justin rose , ian poulter , lee westwood and henrik stenson will fancy their
arsenal were thrashed 6-3 by manchester city and 5-1 by liverpool last season . per mertesacker admits being embarrassed by the bigger teams was the catalyst for a number of much-needed confrontations . the german thinks confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality .
amir khan has announced his next fight will be against chris algieri . the bolton fighter had earlier this week come under increasing pressure to take on british rival and ibf welterweight champion kell brook in june . however , khan said he was already deep in negotiations to fight somebody else .
amir khan has gone face to face adrien broner ahead of a possible summer fight against the former lightweight world champion . khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently . british rival kell brook set to feature on his agenda for a wembley blockbuster next year .
floyd mayweather jnr has refused to respond to criticism from manny pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach . mayweather snr stated on wednesday that he would not be responding to roach 's criticism and would be leaving his son to do the talking in the ring . ` he 's not going to have his best cornerman in his corner because there 's no question in my mind that roger is the better trainer , ' roach said .
justin rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 . american scott piercy went round in 63 and phil mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 . the 34-year-old has been virtually a fixture in the top five for the last three years it was certainly a dent to the ego , with the masters now just around the corner .
lydia ko tied annika sorenstam 's lpga tour record with her 29th consecutive round under par , shooting a 1-under 71 on thursday . the 17-year-old ko saved par on the par-4 seventh - her 16th hole - after hitting an approach shot through a gap in the trees . ko also won the women 's australian open winner in february the week before her new zealand victory .
rory mcilroy is hoping to complete his grand slam of majors with a victory at augusta later this month . the 25-year-old has just one top-10 finish to his name in six masters appearances , finishing joint eighth last year despite embarrassment of being outscored by his marker in the third round . the world number one is looking to claim his first green jacket and become just the sixth player to win all four major titles after gene sarazen , ben hogan ,
jason dufner and wife amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf . the pair separated in february and the divorce was finalised on march 31 . according to the divorce settlement , there had been an ` irretrievable breakdown of the marriage ' .
lionel messi sat out both of his country 's friendlies against el salvador and ecuador over the international break . messi is ahead of schedule in his recovery and a statement on the club 's website read : ` the inflammation of messi 's foot has improved and the player will attempt to join the rest of the internationals tomorrow ' . the 27-year-old sustained the blow to his right foot in last month 's ` clasico ' win over real
crystal palace are convinced yannick bolasie will learn from wilfried zaha 's mistakes and not jump ship . the electrifying winger has dazzled for the eagles since alan pardew took over the club in january . zaha has been watched by liverpool and newcastle this season .
bakary sako scored second goal in 2-1 win at nottingham forest on good friday . sako doubled wolves ' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by forest 's henri lansbury . harry kane of tottenham and england also on target for wolves .
cardiff drew 1-1 with cardiff at the madejski stadium on april 18 . pavel pogrebnyak opened the scoring after just four minutes . conor mcaleny rifled in a shot from aron gunnarsson 's precise pass . reading face arsenal in their last-four semi-final at wembley .
in erik compton 's case , make that plural : hearts . he 'll tee off this week at the masters on his third . the 35-year-old veteran would rather be known for his golf than what he 's had to overcome to earn a spot in the field . but compton is n't shy about sharing his story , either .
barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league on april 15 . neymar feels his team 's champions league tie with psg will prove a ` spectacle ' . the brazil international is expecting more fireworks following barca 's win over manchester city in the last 16 of the competition .
steven gerrard will miss liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final replay with blackburn . reds legend robbie fowler says liverpool players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi-finals of the fa cup . liverpool skipper will leave anfield at the end of the season to join la galaxy .
liverpool face liverpool in their fa cup quarter-final replay on wednesday . raheem sterling 's contract negotiations have dominated the headlines in the past fortnight . gary bowyer and his players are also hoping the liverpool players ' stud will sink a little further into the ewood park turf .
blackburn rovers face liverpool in the fa cup replay on wednesday . gary bowyer has said jordan rhodes can become an ewood park hero . rovers boss bowyer believes his side will be buoyed by the ` extra 20,000 people in the stadium ' .
fourth-place monaco missed the chance to close the gap in the french title race after drawing 0-0 at home to montpellier . a win would have moved monaco level on points with marseille , lyon and paris st germain . the visitors missed a penalty early in the second half when paraguay striker lucas barrios fired a penalty over the crossbar .
rangers beat championship winners hearts 2-1 on sunday night . kenny miller and haris vuckic scored the decisive goals . caretaker boss lee mcculloch admitted he is starting to trust his players the more and more he work with them . rangers are second in the scottish premiership table .
hugo lloris was carried off on a stretcher early in the 4-3 win against leicester city and missed his country 's friendlies against brazil and denmark . mauricio pochettino said he hopes the quartet of players who featured for england on tuesday against italy will have received a timely confidence boost . harry kane is one of four tottenham players who will return after playing for the england national side .
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night . townsend admitted he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky retaliation against paul merson . roy hodgson named the players for games against lithuania and italy .
elliot minchella has joined london broncos on loan until the end of the season . the 19-year-old has failed to break into the rhinos team so far this year . london coach andrew henderson said : ` elliot comes highly recommended from leeds ' .
mike brown admits he would adopt a ` cautious ' approach in recovering from his latest concussion setback . england full-back remains unsure when he will return to action for club side harlequins . george north suffered his fourth quick-fire concussion after being knocked out against wasps on friday night .
manchester city boss manuel pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle at crystal palace . fading champions city had to watch in frustration on saturday . chelsea extended their lead at the top of the premier league . arsenal and manchester united shun them down to fourth .
everton beat southampton 1-0 at old trafford on saturday . tim howard put in a man of the match performance against saints . mesut ozil and joey barton feature in this week 's list of best barclays premier league starting xi of the day .
lauren hill , 19 , uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at children 's hospital in cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor . during her senior year of high school , lauren was diagnosed with dipg -lrb- diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma -rrb- , a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent . but she still made it through a full season at mount st. joseph university while raising more than
research was carried out by scientists at brown university in rhode island . to conduct the study , the researchers pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who rarely , if ever . they participated in a two-day trial of visual task learning . subjects were shown an on-screen ` texture ' of either visual or horizontal lines and had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared . parents are in danger of being reported to police
liverpool lost 1-0 to manchester united at anfield on saturday . joe allen believes liverpool have performed well against the big teams . allen says the rivalry can sometimes get in the way . liverpool are five points off fourth place in the premier league . click here for liverpool transfer news .
china 's capital city of xi'an took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and women 's clothing . the idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history , including cleopatra , marie antoinette and tsarina alexandra .
jack johnson beat tommy burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908 . it caused consternation in america for one simple reason : black people were not supposed to rule over whites in any sphere of life . even liberal newspapers , such as the new york times , were openly hostile to the giant texan .
roberto martinez will hold talks with romelu lukaku after striker 's agent suggested he could leave everton as soon as this summer . mino raiola said he would have never sanctioned the # 28million move to goodison park . the belgian international is just one season into a five-year contract .
bird filmed standing over a football during its try-out in north vancouver . after standing and shaking its head , the big bird moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot . as the ball rolls away the members of the north shore football club , whose training session had been interrupted by the eagle , can be heard laughing .
the university , in ohio , took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman 's behind on march 21 . a source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave . at least 50 people reportedly saw the coach out of control before being escorted out of the bar .
adam lyth scratched around for 22 in a championship match against nottinghamshire in 2008 . lyth , one of six yorkshire players that left heathrow on thursday for three tests in the caribbean , hit back in that match seven years ago with a second-innings of 132 . wisden later called him ` the find of the season ' .
rickie fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater who accused his girlfriend of being a ` gold digger ' . the golfer 's girlfriend , bikini model alexis randock , had posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week . the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers , which included an abusive commenter known as ` fatalsplash ' who was quick to
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at selhurst park . glenn murray fired the eagles ahead on 34 minutes with a close-range effort . jason puncheon scored a stunning free-kick to secure a 2-0 lead . yaya toure grabbed one back for the visitors but it was n't enough to stop city from losing further ground on league leaders chelsea .
crystal palace midfielder jason puncheon appeared to be struck by an object during his side 's 2-1 defeat over manchester city . the 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of city fans when he was hit by the flying object . puncheon reacted by sarcastically clapping in the direction of the city supporters after referee michael oliver and his assistant gary beswick checked to see if the palace playmaker was ok .
nik simon gives us a run-down of each of the sides left in the competition . leinster are armed with international experience and had 11 players in the ireland squad who beat england last month . bath are short of experience in some key positions , particularly their up and coming backline .
mesut ozil missed arsenal 's premier league clash with newcastle united last month through illness . arsene wenger insists he is satisfied with the # 42.5 million man 's explanation . ozil was spotted in a berlin nightclub just hours after missing the clash at st james ' park with a cold .
keith curle is one of only four managers in the country 's top 92 clubs who has played for england . curle has taken charge of carlisle after learning his trade in the lower league backwaters . the former england boss insists football management was always his priority after ending his playing career .
gareth southgate has confirmed harry kane will play for england 's under 21 team in this summer 's european championships . kane , 21 , will join up with the junior squad when he returns from tottenham 's post-season trip to malaysia and australia . roy hodgson said kane has impressed with his committed attitude .
andros townsend hailed harry kane as the ` best finisher ' he has played with . townsend scored england 's equaliser and poked fun at paul merson . the tottenham hotspur team-mate said he ` should be nowhere near the england squad ' .
alexis sanchez brought sanchez into the udinese first team in 2008 . the arsenal stand-out player spent five years with serie a side cobreloa . sanchez was rested for two games against aston villa and tottenham . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
romelu lukaku has been involved in transfer deals worth over # 400m . everton manager roberto martinez is unconcerned by the striker 's switch . the belgium striker has scored only eight times in the premier league this season . martinez believes the switch of agents has not set the alarm bells ringing .
tottenham face tottenham in the premier league on sunday . michael duff will be tasked with stopping harry kane , 16 years his junior . the 37-year-old spent eight years at cheltenham town before joining burnley for # 30,000 in 2004 .
gareth southgate 's squad finished fourth in the toulon tournament last may . the fa felt the diversity and quality of opposition in toulon were key to helping young players ' education . aidy boothroyd will lead the team this time in the tournament that runs from may 27 to june 7 .
liverpool face arsenal at anfield on saturday -lrb- kick-off 3pm -rrb- . raheem sterling has been linked with a # 100,000-a-week move to anfield . brendan rodgers has said his ambition is to win trophies .
the man , who has not been named , turned a gun on himself at the universal studios theme park in hollywood , california , around 2:15 pm friday afternoon . he was standing in a smoking area behind the despicable me minion mayhem ride at the time . nobody else was injured .
john carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club against sunderland on sunday afternoon . carver was assistant to ruud gullit in 1999 when on a sodden night at st james ' park the dutchman left out alan shearer and duncan ferguson and paid for his selection with his job after a 2-1 defeat .
manchester united sit eight points behind chelsea in the premier league . louis van gaal admits marouane fellaini 's recent performances have made him almost undroppable . united currently sit fourth in the table but could rise or fall depending on their run-in form .
lexi thompson , 20 , will appear on the front of may 's edition of golf digest . she appeared in the women 's u.s. open when she was just 12 years old . the lpga player has career earnings of almost $ 3million . the decision has sparked a mixed response from readers .
real madrid are prepared to wait until next summer if louis van gaal wo n't negotiate , according to reports in spain . de gea 's contract is up at old trafford in the summer of 2016 , and he is yet to sign a new deal , with united still uncertain of champions league football for next season . lionel messi 's injury dominates in sport while in italy there is more news on palermo 's paulo dybala .
ryan bertrand posted a snap of himself and his daughter in their matching cars on instagram . the 25-year-old southampton left back has made 26 premier league appearances since his summer switch from chelsea . next up for him is a long trip northwards to face everton on saturday .
dick advocaat takes charge of sunderland for the first time on home soil . the 67-year-old was criticised by fans and the media for under-estimating the intensity of the rivalry . celtic won 5-1 at home to north-east adversaries newcastle in 1998 .
frank lampard revealed he 'd ` love ' to see a gay footballer come out . the on-loan manchester city star spoke of his support for gay footballers in an interview on alan carr 's chatty man . la galaxy robbie rogers came out as being gay not long after rogers .
sale sharks will face london irish , harlequins , newcastle and exeter in the final four rounds of aviva premiership action . danny cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend from rugby by jetting off to dubai for a short break . sale are currently seventh in the league standings .
newcastle beat sunderland 1-0 in the tyne-wear derby on sunday . ryan taylor scored the winner at the stadium of light three seasons ago . the 30-year-old has been a fan in the crowd during three of the last four defeats . taylor is set to expire at st james ' park this summer .
the 5.45 acre estate in san clemente , california was bought by the former commander in chief in 1969 , six months into his presidency . nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home , which was built in 1926 and overlooks the pacific ocean . among his guests were soviet leader leonid brezhnev and secretary of state henry kissinger .
the remo midfielder sported his new hairdo during his side 's brazilian cup clash with atletico pr . the 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football . ratinho 's side secured a 1-1 draw on the night thanks to a 76th minute strike from igor joao .
raheem sterling and theo walcott will likely go head-to-head at the emirates on saturday . brendan rodgers has spoken in the past of his admiration for walcott while wenger has made no secret he is a fan of sterling . sterling has been one of liverpool 's best players this season .
manchester united face aston villa in the premier league on saturday . louis van gaal is set to discuss the club with sir alex ferguson soon . the dutchman left to david moyes at the end of last season . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
neymar and dani alves headed to watch el clasico on thursday night . barcelona prevailed with a narrow 85-80 victory in the euro league contest . neymar helped brazil beat chile 1-0 and had to withstand several brutal challenges from the south american rivals .
anthony joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015 . the london 2012 gold medallist was forced to pull out of a january fight against kevin johnson due to a stress fracture in his back . the british heavyweight is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts .
alexis sanchez had his selection of clubs once barcelona had decided to let him leave , and following the world cup , was convinced to continue his career under arsene wenger . the french coach admits the possibility liverpool could use their interest in sanchez as leverage during negotiations over luis suarez 's move to the nou camp was always on the cards . wenger believes sanchez has adapted so quickly to a change in environment proves he is one of the best around
arsenal face liverpool at the emirates on saturday afternoon . the gunners are third in the premier league and six points clear of liverpool in the race for the top four . arsene wenger must be in high spirits having seen his side win all six matches they played in march .
northampton lock courtney lawes made a trademark hit on france fly-half jules plisson at twickenham last month . lawes arrived in france with the saints ahead of the champions cup quarter-final against mighty clermont auvergne . the 26-year-old is a laid-back character and was unfazed by the storm he had created .
sir alex ferguson has picked neymar as the next man to challenge for the title of world 's best player , competing with lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo . the 23-year-old has been a star since joining barcelona from santos two years ago . ferguson says there is no standout player capable of rivaling messi or messi at the moment .
manchester united 's juan mata revealed wayne rooney regularly tells him england can win euro 2016 in france . rooney netted his 47th england goal in the 4-0 victory against lithuania last week . mata has not played for spain since their exit from the 2014 world cup .
the 18-year-old , who was booked into lower buckeye jail in phoenix two weeks ago , is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers . the inmate then began punching beatty and the other officer in the room , who used a taser but could not subdue the young man . the unnamed inmate was eventually subdued by a large group of officers who came to the scene .
the man , known only as xu , bought a wife for his son , who has learning difficulties . he even tried to impregnate the ` daughter-in-law ' himself after discovering his son had not slept with his wife a single time . xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of lianyungang city in eastern china .
simba the cat was rescued by firefighters in meckenheim , germany . owners helga and eberhard henkel had lost their pet in early march . but four weeks later , a neighbour raised the alarm after hearing noises . it is thought the animal had crawled under the floor as the bathroom was being renovated .
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the dog to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy . but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite .
the swimmer was in the water in florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror as a giant manatee floated past her . footage , taken with the help of a selfie-stick , starts by showing the girl 's frightened face as she treads water desperately looking around for the plant-eating creature .
stefan de vrij and davy klaassen scored for holland at the amsterdam arena . guus hiddink 's side scored twice in the space of four minutes through a 13th-minute header from wesley sneijder 's cross . vicente del bosque says his spanish side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes .
former marseille boss jose anigo believes zlatan ibrahimovic would have been idolised at the stade velodrome if he had followed in the same footsteps at eric cantona . schmeichel urged manchester united to make a summer move for the sweden international as he believes the ` personality ' required to become an old trafford great .
cape verde is a group of islands 400 miles from senegal off the west coast of africa . its population is around 500,000 and boasts both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes . manchester united winger nani is from cape verde and could have played for them instead of portugal .
radamel falcao will consider his old trafford future at the end of this season . the colombian striker has only scored four goals in two games for manchester united this term . the striker has admitted he does not know whether he will be staying at the club if he gets the playing time to prove himself .
cardiff city will have no supporters present at saturday 's game . both clubs have a history of fan trouble but leeds have not confirmed whether the decision for such a low number of tickets was down to the club , council or police . supporters groups had already spoken about boycotting the game and now a full shut-out of away fans has been confirmed .
stephen john docherty , 66 , pleaded guilty to wounding with intent when he appeared at in the whakatane district court on wednesday . the victim 's scrotum was torn and he required surgery after the attack . mr docherty said he lost control of his temper in the heat of the moment .
st john paramedics were called to a home in wagaman , northern darwin . the 38-year-old man swallowed the entire glass bottle ` and then went for a lie down ' . there were over 500 calls made to northern territory police between 3pm-11pm on wednesday .
sportsmail 's derek lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th masters at augusta on thursday . best american -lrb- non-uk -rrb- is greg 's scott , let 's go for the reformed party animal dustin johnson . victor dubuisson returned to the limelight after recovering from flu .
black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia 's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning . video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch . as the wind blows , the raccoon tries hard to maintain balance .
keaway lafonz ivy , who went by the stage name kealo , died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet in the area of 62nd place and eastern avenue in seat pleasant wednesday night . on friday , police arrested 21-year-old lafonzo leonard iracks and charged him in connection to ivy 's slaying . iracks is facing a first-degree murder charge , according to nbc washington dc .
the population of wild wood bison were successfully reintroduced to the united states for the first time in over a century . the land mammals were freed from a temporary pen , where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition . they journeyed for a distance of about a mile and crossed the innoko river before reaching the grass meadows of lower innoko .
the action shot was taken at estavayer-le-lac in switzerland where the latest water sports craze of jet surfing has taken off . jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg . its makers say the sport is easy to master and that the boards are nimble and responsive .
mi5 issues alert over threat posed by rogue workers in britain 's nuclear , transport and public services after suicide pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in the alps plane crash . co-pilot , who was being treated for depression , was able to override security system installed on flights following the 9/11 attacks .
mongolian khan with new zealand jockey opie bosson took first place on the weekend 's esteemed $ 2 million australian derby . watching the race on a trackside tv , bosson 's agent adian rodley did n't realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations . the race expert has since tweeted that he has no intention of watching the video .
coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern mediterranean on saturday and managed to save all passengers . the rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the eu via italy on the same period last year . about 170,000 migrants entered the european union through italy last year by way of the dangerous sea crossing organised by human traffickers .
aritz aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser to deny his former club valencia victory with a last-gasp equaliser . nicolas otamendi had harshly received a straight red card eight minutes earlier for a high challenge . getafe bolstered their hopes of securing primera division status for next season after moving 10 points clear of sevilla .
santiago vergini is keen to stay at sunderland after revealing premier league survival could trigger the offer of a two-year permanent contract . the 26-year-old returned to the stadium of light on a season-long loan deal from costa rican side sport uruguay de coronado in august last year . the last of them was a start in sunday 's 1-0 derby victory over newcastle united which provided a huge boost to the club 's
ashley young wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by manchester city . united have lost the last four derbies to city . young thinks united have a good chance of defeating the barclays premier league champions if they maintain their current form . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
jack grealish is renowned for wearing his socks low when he takes to the field for aston villa . the ireland under 21 international wears children 's shinpads and says he 'll carry on that way after making his first premier league start for the club on tuesday night . he says he has n't had a kick on my shin yet and hopefully not any time soon .
tiger woods says the par-3 contest is all about ` having fun , enjoying it and not winning ' . woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004 , and made it quite a family outing with girlfriend lindsey vonn at his side . yet asked what his goal for it is , woods said : ` have fun , enjoy it , and do n't win . no matter what . i 've been six-under through eight , and just happen to hit two balls in
novak djokovic reached the miami open semi-finals after beating david ferrer . the world no 1 is likely to face briton andy murray in the final . murray beat ferrer 7-5 , 7-6 at flushing meadows in the semi-final .
paul webber will attempt to win the irish grand national on cantlow . the 19-time champion won the 2007 running on butler 's cabin and success aboard cantlow would be a fairytale start to what could be mccoy 's final week as a jockey . he has vowed to immediately retire if he wins saturday 's crabbie 's grand national at aintree on favourite shutthefrontdoor , the gelding which won last year '
irish trainer robbie hennessy confirmed rubi light is a definite runner . the grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over aintree-style fences on saturday under big race jockey andrew lynch . meanwhile , richie mclernon has been confirmed for the mount on emma lavelle 's court by surprise .
william buick beat complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for his trainer charlie appleby . tryster turned on the after burners to race to victory in the coral easter classic at lingfield . buick predicted a big future back on turf for tryster , whose previous four wins included the winter derby .
marcelo bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act of saracens ' 12-11 victory that has set up a last-four trip to st etienne 's stade geoffroy-guichard on april 18 . mccall believes that facing clermont outside of their stade marcel-michelin stronghold , where they have not lost in europe since 2008 is a different proposition .
francis saili has signed a two-year deal to join munster . saili made his all blacks debut against argentina in 2013 . the 24-year-old currently plays for auckland-based super rugby side the blues . anthony foley believes saili will be a great addition to their backline .
wasps coach dai young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap so english clubs can compete on the european stage . the comments came after his team lost 32-18 to toulon on sunday . toulon 's english speedster delon armitage makes a break for the defending champions .
anthony watson believes the pain of bath 's european champions cup exit can be a driving force in their push to make this season 's aviva premiership play-offs . bath dominated for large parts of the second period and claimed tries through fly-half george ford and captain stuart hooper . bath have four games left against newcastle , harlequins and gloucester .
tim bresnan is keen to give england 's selectors no choice but to pick him with wickets and runs for yorkshire . the right-arm quick last played in the england whites during the ashes whitewash of winter 2013/14 . yorkshire and australia still to come this year .
stuart broad came through an injury scare and jonny bairstow fell just short of a century against his own team-mates as england 's test warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill . england and wales cricket board managing director paul downton seemed more relevant to the future of english cricket than the mix-and-match day at warner park , where four members of the touring party were parachuted in to bolster the local team . broad required lengthy treatment
aston villa face liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on april 19 . jack grealish made his first premier league start for villa in 2010 . the 19-year-old was handed his first start by tim sherwood in the 3-3 draw .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night . steve parish says alan pardew will have funds to improve the squad . the cpfc2010 consortium took over with the eagles having only survived relegation from the championship and in under five years .
julian speroni will take his crystal palace career into a 12th season . the goalkeeper has triggered a 12-month contract extension . the 35-year-old will have a testimonial against dundee at the end of the season . click here for all the latest crystal palace news .
roberto martinez 's side take on swansea at the liberty stadium on saturday . the toffees held the event to coincide with the school half-term holiday . fans were invited to watch roberto 's players through their paces . john stones and aaron lennon also stuck around for a meet-and-greet session .
paul mcshane has told his hull team-mates it 's time they woke up . hull still fell to a 3-1 defeat at the liberty stadium on saturday . steve bruce 's players so lethargic , disinterested almost , in the first half against a side with nothing tangible to play for .
west ham united beat west ham united 1-0 at the king power stadium . andy king 's 86th minute winner has kept leicester city 's hopes of premier league survival alive . pearson and his players knew anything less than three points against west ham , would see them doomed to relegation .
radamel falcao believes sergio aguero is manchester united 's biggest threat . the colombian striker was speaking at the #headtohead for puma 's ` evospeed 1.3 ' . aguuero has scored six times against united since he joined in 2011 .
haris vuckic was sent to glasgow by the magpies on the final day of the january transfer window . the slovenia international admits he is uncertain over his future with only 12months left on his toon deal . the 22-year-old has won over rangers fans with six goals from 10 games .
james ward-prowse had just led england under 21s to a 3-2 victory over germany , scoring the winner after a remarkable 34-pass move . the saints rising star was speaking in an interview with sportsmail 's dominic king . the midfielder is beginning to get noticed after starring displays for england u 21s and southampton .
tottenham hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at white hart lane . the club plan to open a new ` world-class ' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years , and having secured the appropriate planning permission and fought off a legal challenge against a compulsory purchase order . the north london club 's neighbours , archway sheet metal works , fought a long court battle with tottenham over the development but having failed with an appeal earlier
west brom lost 3-2 to queens park rangers in the premier league on saturday . tony pulis believes joey barton ` probably had a point ' about west brom losing their cool . the midfielder was commenting after claiming the club surrendered a two-goal lead . pulis said the baggies do n't know how to get over the finishing line .
reece oxford scored in west ham 's 3-2 defeat to manchester united . the 16-year-old has been on the bench for the senior side this season . oxford is hopeful sam allardyce will give him his first team debut . click here for all the latest west ham united news .
josh harrop starred as manchester united secured a hard-earned victory against west ham united to go four points clear at the top . basement boys west ham took a shock lead when reece oxford headed home an impressive delivery from josh cullen with just ten minutes played . it was the east londoner 's first away goal since september .
ronny deila agrees with gary teale 's claim that st mirren have one of the best pitches in the scottish premiership . the norwegian was not back-tracking on his assessment and went as far as to say his side should be judged accordingly . teale hit back at criticism received for the condition of the pitch .
gary teale hit back at ronny deila 's criticism of the st mirren park pitch . the celtic boss branded most surfaces in the scottish premiership ` terrible ' . teale insists the criticism was unjustified and unfair on the paisley club 's award-winning groundsman , tommy docherty .
stuart mccall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins . the former motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season , with a brief to try to rekindle their promotion push . rangers travel to face queen of the south on tonight .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 mauling of granada . it was the first time in his career that he has scored five in a single match . karim benzema hailed his team-mate as a ` phenomenon ' on his club 's website .
aston villa have kept tabs on christian benteke since he ruptured his achilles 12 months ago . the wealthy german club should have funds available from champions league money , even after their # 42million splurge on chelsea duo kevin de bruyne and andre schurrle . villa value their top scorer at # 25million however .
kevin pietersen has rejoined surrey in an attempt to win back his test place . england captain alastair cook faces the media at gatwick airport on thursday morning . coach peter moores insisted moores , who initially lost his job as england coach , is not on the radar .
ander herrera scored twice as manchester united ended up beating aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . louis van gaal admitted that he was so pleased with herrera 's opening goal , he kissed him at half-time because he had controlled the ball for the first time in his life . the dutchman will drop back to fourth in the premier league by emerging from a difficult start to the season .
the 21-year-old has been linked with several european clubs . palermo president maurizio zamparini says arsenal and juventus have already approached the club with bids , and while arsene wenger has denied interest . dybala now has 13 serie a goals for the season .
real madrid have their ` six nations ' available again . james rodriguez , toni kroos , karim benzema , cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale , luka modric -lrb- germany -rrb- , cratia , portugal and croatia . ancelotti has been out of action since february with a foot injury .
bolton-born boxer amir khan spent his friday alongside some fellow natural born fighters . the 28-year-old was joined by his wife faryal makhdoom khan as well as his daughter lamysa as they all enjoyed some time off . earlier this week khan ended speculation over his next opponent by announcing he will fight chris algieri on may 30 .
jose mourinho did n't rule out a 12,000-mile round trip to japan . but if a tour goes ahead , the squad is likely to fly out on either may 28 or 29 for a two-match , week-long trip . news may concern a string of international bosses who will be relying on chelsea players for their mid-june friendlies and qualifiers .
blackburn midfielder john o'sullivan is ineligible to play in their fa cup fifth round replay vs liverpool . gary bowyer says it ` does n't make sense ' that he ca n't use the 21-year-old . bowyer has a lengthy injury list at his championship club .
sean dyche 's burnley face tottenham in the premier league on sunday . the clarets spent last week in spain preparing for a run-in . dyche believes his side are more than capable of avoiding the drop . danny ings will need to be in top form to get the better of the team .
napoli president aurelio de laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp ` for an unlimited period of time ' if they do not improve between now and the end of the season . the elimination came on top of a run of five serie a matches without a win which has seen napoli drop from third place to sixth .
cleveland cavaliers beat the heat 114-88 at the american airlines arena . lebron james won two nba titles with miami before moving back to ohio . point guard kyrie irving also scored 23 points while the heat saw dwyane wade go down with a knee injury in the first half .
saracens face harlequins in the european champions cup quarter-final . jacques burger encapsulates all the values rugby union 's marketing people love to espouse . the flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game .
blackpool drew 1-1 with reading at bloomfield road on tuesday night . jamie o'hara scored from the penalty spot to give blackpool a lead . but defender grant hall scored an own goal just after half-time . the tangerines move into the third tier of the league one table .
england captain alastair cook completed a century on the second morning of england 's opening tour match in the west indies . cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out . he offered a gentle wave of the bat and a handshake to partner gary ballance and walked off on 101 from 200 deliveries .
jonathan trott and alastair cook combine impressively as england produce dominant display . trott 's return with 72 was the most pleasing aspect of a dominant day for england . neither cook nor trott could be blamed for that nor for the careful way they went about their batting in this two-day practice match .
chelsea face stoke city at the britannia stadium on saturday -lrb- 3pm kick-off -rrb- . jose mourinho says he does n't care where chelsea win the premier league . blues lead the table by six points , with a game in hand . eden hazard will start for the blues following a tiring international break .
liverpool face arsenal at the emirates on saturday -lrb- 3pm kick-off -rrb- . brendan rodgers ' side have been in good form since they last played arsenal . liverpool have won just one and picked up four points compared with manchester united .
olivier giroud won the barclays premier league player of the month award for march after his run of form . giroud netted five times in arsenal 's four consecutive league wins last month as arsene wenger 's side took all 12 points on offer to claim the award . thierry henry , eric cantona and nicolas anelka also nominated .
kenwyne jones opened the scoring for bournemouth in the 82nd minute . freddie sears converted from close range to put ipswich ahead in the second half . jones doubled the lead in the second""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
liverpool face arsenal at the emirates on saturday afternoon . brendan rodgers ' side are five points adrift of the qualification places . the reds lost 13-match unbeaten league run to manchester united . rodgers knows his side can not afford to turn up in another big game .
five hat-tricks have been scored in this match-up since the inception of the premier league . martin skrtel scored an injury-time equaliser in liverpool 's 2-2 draw with arsenal in december . thierry henry scored a treble against liverpool at highbury back in 2004 .
mario balotelli , fabio borini , rickie lambert and lazar markovic got more than they bargained for when youtube star bas van velzen arrived at melwood . the merseysiders were led to believe that the dutch free-kick specialist was a competition winner who had won the opportunity to meet the anfield stars . van vel velzen showcased his skills in front of goal .
rickie fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater . his girlfriend , bikini model alexis randock , had posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week . a troll called ` fatalsplash ' then accused fowler of being a ` gold digger ' who did n't have to work due to her relationship with fowler .
mark wood has been called up by england for the test series against west indies . the 25-year-old would be forgiven for checking the fit , because standing at 5ft 11in and weighing just over 12st , he is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler . wood can find himself fielding for long stretches of time .
australia coach darren lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during sunday 's world cup final win over new zealand . wicketkeeper brad haddin came under fire for his send-off of kiwi opener martin guptill , and a photograph of haddin and all-rounder james faulkner mocking grant elliott . but haddin insisted haddin was following team orders .
yorkshire have signed india international cheteshwar pujara until the end of may after cancelling the contract of younis khan . younus was set to be yorkshire 's overseas signing for 2015 , but the batsman is now looking to be part of pakistan 's potential touring party to bangladesh . the 27-year-old will instead link up with the division one champions - subject to receiving a work permit - having spent time at the back end
england batsman ian bell has signed a three-year contract extension . bell has won five trophies with warwickshire , including the county championship in 2004 and 2012 . the 32-year-old has scored 48 centuries in 246 first-class matches . bell departs for england 's four-test tour of west indies on thursday .
marco negri joined rangers from perugia for # 3.5 million in 1997 . he scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club . but a series of injuries destabilised his career in glasgow . negri returned to action in the new year to train with the reserve team .
raheem sterling 's controversial ` it 's -lrb- not-about-the-money ' campaign led him to the emirates stadium , where liverpool and arsenal fans united to protest against the rising price of football for travelling fans . sterling was brought down by hector bellerin for liverpool 's penalty , which was only a consolation .
muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following connacht 's clash with gloucester on friday night . the kiwi veteran signed for connacht at the beginning of the season . muliaina has made 11 appearances for the irish province so far . details of the alleged incident are yet to be confirmed .
australian movie and music downloaders could soon be slapped with a 10 per cent tax in a move that could reel in billions of dollars in revenue . netflix has indicated that it would increase the cost of its service in line with any new laws and regulations . choice argues that the government should instead be tackling the exorbitant domestic costs of tv shows , music and movies .
kevin pietersen has rejoined surrey in the hope of earning a place in england 's ashes squad for the start of his campaign against glamorgan in just over a fortnight . darren gough , who is taking part in the second investec ashes cycle challenge to raise funds for the lord 's taverners and other charities in 2013 , says he 'll ` disappear to the caribbean premier league ' if he does n't get an england call . gough
john hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer that had spread to his brain and lungs in 2009 . the former luton , arsenal , west ham and celtic striker admitted to having a gambling problem that he faced up to after beating cancer . he says he loves the settled life he has formed for his wife .
the brazilian online football store claims to have the new chelsea kit for sale on its website . the website has published three kits with gareth bale 's name on the back . bale has struggled at real madrid this season and reports have linked him with a return to england .
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 at the emirates on saturday afternoon . goals from hector bellerin , mesut ozil and alexis sanchez put the gunners 3-0 ahead . jordan henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors .
leeds owner massimo cellino has claimed that red bull have launched a bid to buy the championship club . cellino is currently serving a football league disqualification . leeds chairman andrew umbers said he was not aware of an offer from red bull when contacted by bbc radio leeds on saturday morning .
david villa posted a snap of his family enjoying the empire state building in new york . the former barcelona forward has enjoyed a solid start in america . the arrival of frank lampard at the end of the premier league season will be a major boost and could what city need to take them to the next step .
steven gerrard was pictured in the paper at just 12-years-old . the former england captain was reporting on a game between england schoolboys and republic of ireland and cast his eye over a young midfielder . he described the livepool captain as ` one for the future ' .
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 at home in the premier league on saturday . hector bellerin , mesut ozil , alexis sanchez and olivier giroud scored . arsene wenger says his team have to focus on winning every game in order to be perfect until the end of the season .
harry kane won his first senior caps for england last week . but he is still eligible for the under-21 european championship with england . kane showed against italy that he can cope with playing against some of the world 's best defenders . roy hodgson thinks kane is going to be part of his squad for euro 2016 .
manchester city face chelsea in the champions league on monday . manuel pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle to stay in the top four . city are closing in on the premier league trophy with eight games remaining . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
a section of arsenal and liverpool fans left their seats empty at the emirates stadium for the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime barclays premier league clash in a protest against ticket prices . supporters from both clubs say they are ` disgusted ' at the continuing rise of ticket prices , with the protest coming in the aftermath of the announcement of the premier league 's # 5.14 billion tv rights deal with banners held inside and outside the ground . with tickets at the sold-out emir
kevin speight and christopher loftus were killed before the uefa cup semi-final first leg against galatasaray in taksim square , istanbul , on april 5 , 2000 . a minute 's silence will be held before leeds and blackburn rovers meet at elland road on saturday . sneijder later deleted the tweet and apologised as one fan @leedsu1ross wrote back : '15 years ago 2 leeds fans went to
deion sanders jr. wrote on twitter thursday ; ` got ta get the hood doughnuts almost every morning . if my doughnuts come in a plain white box , i do n't want them ! ' . sanders , who is a sophomore at southern methodist university , won super bowls with both the dallas cowboys and san francisco 49ers . he is said to be worth around $ 40million .
intelligence agencies employ special psychiatrists and therapists to help the analysts cope with the ` extraordinary toll ' the work can have . the analysts watch graphic content and look at violent photos to gain clues about where terrorists are and what they have planned . sometimes the graphic clips and photos contain encrypted messages and they must be checked to see if they hold useful information .
kurt cobain , john lennon , freddie mercury . every rock band has a face . but what if they were seen as one ? in an unusual project by men 's face product company west coast shaving , each member of history 's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one .
the broward state attorney 's office reported on thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases , 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers . nearly 20 more dismissals expected . the arresting officers in the cases , which include burglary , cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm , are no longer on the police force .
the weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless in the insect 's grasp . bornean student frenki jung , 17 , from sambas in borneo captured the dramatic , up-close images , show the incredible power of the tiny creature .
derek skyler brux , 22 , pleaded guilty in january for unhitching a pair of locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country . brux then crashed into an inactive union pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again . he must also pay $ 63,000 in restitution to rail link , his employer .
jia binhui , 25 , can not afford hospital treatment and hopes alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease . claims experts advised him that temperatures higher than 42 degrees celsius can kill cancerous cells in his body . he built a human barbecue in his garden in southwest china 's yunlong county , which he lies on above a fire below , like a spit roast .
kunaratnam kunanatha admitted seven offences under food safety and hygiene regulations at medway magistrates ' court . they included a lack of cleaning , having an uncontrolled mice infestation and selling unfit food . he also admitted two health and safety charges including a failure to maintain the electrical installation to prevent danger .
mourinho said he and his family ` know about poverty ' and have been privileged to have worked with the word food programme as an ambassador against hunger . the 52-year-old football manager said he only prays for things in is personal life , never about chelsea . mourinho claims he never discusses the game with his wife matilde faria .
australian cricket commentator richie benaud has died aged 84 in a sydney hospice . benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s and was one of australia 's most recognised commentators . the cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november .
patrick o'flynn said ukip needs to ` work harder ' as it is ` lagging ' behind female voters . he launched party 's ` policies for women ' alongside deputy chairman suzanne evans and mep diane james . polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back the party .
vanessa santillan 's body was found in a # 400,000 flat in fulham , london . the 33-year-old mexican national worked as a transgender escort . she died as a result of injuries to the head and neck . scotland yard is appealing to anyone who may have had contact with her in the hours before her death to come forward .
england beat china 2-1 in their world cup opener in manchester . jodie taylor opened the scoring after just a minute of play . kirby then fired home the second goal of her short international career . wang shanshan cut china 's arrears after shaky defending .
fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the turkish championship . the bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at caykur rizespor in turkey 's super lig . the driver was taken to hospital and there was no mention of any injuries to anyone else .
manchester united host aston villa at anfield on saturday . louis van gaal 's side sit fourth in the premier league table . juan mata 's brace secured united a 2-1 win at liverpool . united captain wayne rooney feels the club are on course to qualify .
jonathon stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud 's advice on left-handed leg spin . he shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the ` great man ' . benaud enjoyed a remarkable test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order bowler .
wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford . the england captain added to his collection of wonder goals at the etihad . rooney was restored up front by manager louis van gaal after a spell in midfield .
dan klice , 57 , was officiating at a competition at ramapo college in mahwah , new jersey , when he was pierced by the projectile . police say that he saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process .
jonathan stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud 's advice on left-handed leg spin . he shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the ` great man ' . benaud enjoyed a remarkable test career as a wily leg-spin bowler .
raheem sterling has rejected a contract extension worth # 100,000 a week . liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal at anfield on saturday . brendan rodgers has criticised sterling 's advisor , aidy ward . rodgers also revealed that he has sat down with sterling since tv interview .
eden hazard starred for jose mourinho 's team against stoke on saturday . charlie adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half shortly before half time . stoke continued to make things difficult for chelsea until an asmir begovic error led to loic remy tapping in the winner .
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters . heartwarming clip featured on the people 's daily online shows the young animal taking unsteady steps , wobbling about with its snout to the ground , foraging for food .
the talented toddler , believed to be from china and female , carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music . happily bobbing along to the music , the youngster slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware as seen in a video on the people 's daily online online .
aitor karanka 's middlesbrough are top of a division that has witnessed the leadership change hands 15 times . bournemouth have been this season 's surprise package and led the championship for 101 days . odion ighalo rescued a point for watford with this equaliser against fellow promotion hopefuls derby .
wigan athletic have made captain gary caldwell their new manager . the 32-year-old will take charge for the first time against fulham on friday . the scotland international signed a new one-year contract with the club in july last year and was given some coaching responsibilities as part of his new role .
stuart dallas opened the scoring for brentford in the 67th minute . ross mccormack doubled the visitors ' lead shortly after half-time . dallas doubled the lead in the 71st minute with a fine finish . the win sees fulham move up to fourth in the championship .
peter moores says he could work with michael vaughan if he becomes england 's new director of cricket . moores ' position as england coach has come under scrutiny after a woeful world cup campaign . paul downton was sacked as managing director of england cricket .
michael vaughan , alec stewart and andrew strauss are three former captains bidding to lead england 's reform after paul downton was sacked as managing director . all three achieved a great deal while playing for england and are well-respected figures within the game . sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in english cricket .
robert lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer as pep guardiola 's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the bundesliga . dortmund were awarded a free-kick in a fantastic position .
mario balotelli was not included in the liverpool squad to face arsenal . brendan rodgers revealed the italian had withdrawn himself from the squad . the # 16million striker would only have been behind daniel sturridge . click here for all the latest liverpool news . read : arsenal vs arsenal team news , probable line ups and more .
tom wood jokingly thanked clermont for inviting him to an open training session after the english champions were thrashed 37-5 in the champions cup . the saints , who sit 10 points clear at the summit of the aviva premiership , exited europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one at the stade marcel-michelin .
diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury during chelsea 's 2-1 win . jose mourinho threw costa on at half-time after going into the interval at 1-1 . costa lasted just over 10 minutes as loic remy netted his side 's winning goal .
mauricio pochettino has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in england just over two years ago . the 43-year-old is also becoming the manager for whom young englishmen wish to play , as exclusive research proves . mason has paid tribute to the impact the argentine has had on the english game .
rory mcilroy could become just the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national on sunday . paul mcginley , europe 's ryder cup captain extraordinaire , sums up the attitude in this neat way . chelsea 's relentless win-at-all-costs manager jose mourinho aims to be an iconic figure in world sport .
footage shows blaine taylor from aberdeen , scotland , competing against his older brother , cody . but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill , he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground . immediately blaine starts wailing with tears welling up in his eyes .
alan stubbs feared unrest among fans if his side formed a guard of honour for hearts in the edinburgh derby . rangers lined up to applaud hearts on to the ibrox pitch when the teams played just over a week ago , and queen of the south and alloa did the same . stubbs admitted that the threat of unrest -- not a lack of respect -- was responsible for the decision .
sam allardyce 's contract at west ham expires at the end of the season . the hammers have already beaten their total in the premier league last year by two points with seven games to spare , but a run of poor form in 2015 has led to speculation he will be shown the exit . west ham host stoke city at upton park on saturday .
natasha jonas has announced her retirement from boxing . the 30-year-old made history when she took on eventual gold medallist katie taylor of ireland in the first round of the women 's lightweight competition at london 2012 . she was widely praised for her performance in front of a crowd which registered the loudest noise of any event at the 2012 games at 113.7 decibels .
thomas bjorn played back on to the fairway to leave a 145-yard shot into the green . but his aim on his third was clearly a little off . american russell henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second masters . bubba watson remains in the hunt to win the masters after a respectable 71 .
sheffield 's danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta national . the 27-year-old admitted it was a dream come true to mark his masters debut with an eagle and an eagle at the par-five 13th . the england international was in the second group out at 7.56 am .
arnold palmer defied his age and a shoulder injury to hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 masters at augusta national . palmer has been struggling in his recovery from a dislocated shoulder , which kept him out of the par 3 contest on wednesday morning . jack nicklaus and gary player as the honorary starters on thursday morning .
novak djokovic beat john isner 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 6-2 at the miami open on friday . the no 1-seeded serb will face andy murray , who defeated tomas berdych . the serb is aiming to win his fifth key biscayne title .
nico rosberg and lewis hamilton visited mercedes ' brackley base on thursday . the mercedes team-mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse does n't gallop to victory at the next race in china . vettel beat hamilton by 8.5 seconds , with team-mate nico wolff third .
lewis hamilton said the incident occurred at nelson mandela 's 90th birthday party back in 2008 . hamilton wanted to introduce himself to former usa president bill clinton when the incident happened . the british racer said he was lucky enough to be invited to the party .
the german gp was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems and f1 commercial head bernie ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the iconic italian grand prix . the race had been in doubt due to questions over which circuit would host the race , which has been shared between hockenheim and nurburgring in recent seasons .
two-time formula one world champion lewis hamilton has opened up about the meaning behind his tattoos during an interview with lifestyle magazine men 's health . the mercedes racer , who leads the drivers ' championship after two races of the 2015 season after finishing first and second , features on the front cover of the may edition of the popular health publication . in an interview in the latest issue of the magazine , hamilton discusses the significance of his personal body art .
the roof of the silverstone motor racing circuit was damaged by high winds during the last couple of days . part of the ` wing ' - the $ 40million -lrb- # 27m -rrb- , three-story corporate building at the host venue of formula one 's british grand prix was affected . silverstone sporting director stuart pringle says upcoming races will not be affected by recent damage .
former england ace jason robinson has revealed he contemplated suicide . robinson played a key role in england 's 2003 world cup final victory against australia in sydney . the 40-year-old was arrested for affray , assault and criminal damage . he credits then team-mate and samoa star va'aiga tuigamala with turning things around .
yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title while kevin pietersen will hope his runs help surrey to promotion from the second tier . here is former surrey and england batsman mark butcher 's guide to the county championship . but they always have a flotilla of pace bowlers to look out for .
shaharyar khan , chairman of the pakistan cricket board , hopes for a series of five one-dayers as soon as may . zimbabwe 's limited overs captain elton chigumbura could lead his side in a series in dubai . six local policemen and two civilians were killed in the attack on the si lanka team bus in march 2009 .
alex rodriguez returned to the new york yankees line-up for the baseball season 's opening day following a 162-game suspension , batting seventh and serving as designated hitter . yet a-rod received a warm welcome on his comeback , with fans even holding up signs that read ` forgive ' in the crowd . atlanta braves right-handed reliever jason grilli will take over as the closer following the trade of craig kimbrel and outfielder melvin u
tim sherwood has revealed he is still in touch with tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy . levy sacked sherwood as spurs head coach at the end of last season and brought in mauricio pochettino , ending the 46-year-old 's five-month stay in charge . sherwood takes villa to north london on saturday .
sportsmail looks at 10 things we learned from the premier league 's easter weekend fixtures and the race for promotion across the football league . playing jordan henderson as a wing back was an idea that went spectacularly wrong for liverpool manager brendan rodgers . john o'shea has clearly learned the canny defender 's art of letting his brain do all the running .
harry kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ` best week of my life ' after taking his england bow and becoming the youngest captain in the premier league this season . tottenham boss mauricio pochettino admitted a top-four place may be beyond his side as they are seven points off fourth-placed manchester city .
burnley drew 0-0 with tottenham at turf moor on sunday afternoon . michael duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer harry kane . sean dyche 's clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won . danny ings missed an early chance to put burnley ahead .
nedum onuoha has 15 months left on contract at qpr . the 28-year-old has played regularly under chris ramsey . qpr have held talks over a move for catania defender nicolas spolli . hull city are also showing interest in west bromwich albion striker victor anichebe .
leicester city beat west ham 1-0 in the premier league on saturday . andy king scored the only goal of the game in the 86th minute . nigel pearson admits leicester survival is still a ` big ask ' despite win . leicester remain at the foot of the barclay 's premier league table .
leicester beat west ham 2-1 in the premier league on saturday . esteban cambiasso scored with a sweet strike in the 12th minute . the 34-year-old has won the spanish and italian league titles . leicester remain rooted to the bottom of the table .
denmark and brondby defender daniel agger has been banned for two games for violent conduct after elbowing mattias jorgensen in the head . the incident happened during the hotly-contested derby against copenhagen on monday . match officials took no action during the game , which finished in a goalless draw .
benfica have made an enquiry for sheffield united 's diego de girolamo . the italy under 20 international is leaving bramall lane this summer . celtic and juventus are also interested in the italian under 20 man . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .
neil taylor is wanted by west bromwich albion . swansea are willing to listen to offers for the left-back . taylor has impressed several premier league managers over the past few years including brendan rodgers at liverpool and alan pardew at crystal palace .
tottenham drew 0-0 with burnley at white hart lane on sunday . harry kane 's third go was no good but a fourth out of shot dipped at the end . etienne capoue , nabil bentaleb , eric dier , roberto soldado , danny rose and the apparent king of the crossbar , christian eriksen .
jeremy peace is ready to shelve the sale of west bromwich albion if a deal is not in place by july . peace owns 77 per cent and is looking to sell the club for between # 150million to # 200m . aston villa are already in talks with potential buyers .
bobby zamora opened the scoring for qpr in the 35th minute . charlie austin doubled qpr 's lead with a 25-yard strike . eduardo vargas made it 3-0 before half-time . qpr move up to sixth in the premier league table .
james tomkins hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season . tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month . the defender has undergone successful surgery . click here for west ham united transfer news . transfer news live : all the latest from premier league , premier league and more .
celtic manager ronny deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough . deila , a norwegian who had cut his teeth at tiny stromsgodset , began to look like a man caught in entirely the wrong movie . celtic travel to hamilton in the scottish championship on saturday .
haris vuckic has thrived at rangers under new manager stuart mccall . the 22-year-old has scored six times for the magpies this season . but the slovenian has denied a report on tyneside saying he had already declared his intention to quit newcastle .
cristiano ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee mario melero lopez after he was chopped down by antonio amaya inside the box . the decision means he could be suspended for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday -- along with toni kroos and james rodriguez , who were also booked . real madrid want the yellow card shown to their star forward .
rio ferdinand believes louis van gaal 's decision to return wayne rooney to his favoured attacking role has led to united 's upturn in performance levels . rooney has helped united to their best displays of the season . ferdinand also believes united need a fit rooney up front .
peter quillin may be nicknamed ` kid chocolate ' but he shows none of the expected arrogance . the 31-year-old 's verbal patter buzzes with a modesty and philosophical slant which often betrays the expectations of a hard-hitting middleweight . this comes when he is questioned about the criticism he received after opting to vacate his wbo world championship last year .
billy joe saunders and chris eubank jnr could rematch in under six weeks after the pair reignited their war of words at a london press conference on thursday . the pair clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on november 29 with british , commonwealth and european middleweight champions saunders handing his rival his first career defeat . now the duo are set to fight at wembley arena on may 9 but not against each other
manchester city face crystal palace at the etihad on easter monday . glenn murray has scored 19 goals for tottenham in what has been a breakthrough season for him . harry kane and diego costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season 's top scorer but rank fourth and fifth respectively .
atletico madrid turned up the heat on valencia in the battle for la liga 's third automatic champions league berth . antoine griezmann scored his 15th league goal of the season in the 2-0 stroll at bottom side cordoba . valencia have 60 points in fourth and can reclaim third spot with a win at home to sixth-placed villarreal on sunday .
qpr beat west brom 4-1 in their premier league clash on saturday . joey barton believes his side have a ` hell of a chance ' of staying up . chris ramsey 's side are just three points behind fellow strugglers aston villa . qpr are just a point behind 17th-placed sunderland .
crystal palace have won six out of 10 league games since alan pardew succeeded neil warnock at the start of the year . the eagles were in the bottom three when pardew took over and their climb up the table has succeeded in easing relegation fears . pardew maintains he would acquit himself better than some of the managers currently employed by the premier league 's trophy-chasing sides .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . ander herrera opened the scoring before half time and wayne rooney made it two . christian benteke pulled one back for tim sherwood 's side . herrera added his second and united 's third late on to secure the three points for manchester united .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . louis van gaal has warned his players that champions league qualification is still not assured despite holding an eight-point gap over liverpool . the dutchman also sees the derby as an opportunity to push united 's claims for a top-two finish .
ander herrera has established himself in louis van gaal 's first team plans after missing out in previous months . the 25-year-old scored a brace to ensure his side claimed the win against aston villa . herrera 's commitment was amply rewarded against villa on sunday .
anthony joshua stopped experienced american jason gavern in the third round of the newcastle crowd for the first time on saturday night . gavern was dropped twice in the second round and twice more . the american was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back .
dereck chisora has not boxed since he was stopped by switch-hitting tyson fury at london 's excel arena in november . the fight was a final eliminator for a shot at wladimir klitschko 's wbo title and fury is now the mandatory challenger for that strap . but his promoter frank warren has confirmed that he has been back in the gym for the past month .
david templeton criticised ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall . rangers boss stuart mccall has delivered a sharp rebuke to the pair . templeton claimed last week that templeton had introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation which had been lacking under the previous management .
dave king won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to rangers boardroom last month . king has been holding off from taking up a post until he has cleared all regulatory barriers . he required the consent of the court due to previously being a director in the ibrox oldco which entered liquidation in 2012 .
fabian orellana has been handed a one-match ban by the spanish football federation following his straight-red card for throwing grass at sergio busquets . the incident happened during barca 's 1-0 victory over celta vigo on sunday . the lump of grass in the direction of the barcelona midfielder hurl a lump of turf at him .
barcelona face almeria in the la liga final on wednesday night . luis enrique insists xavi has a vital role to play in the club 's hunt for the treble . the 35-year-old has managed just five starts for barcelona in 21 games .
franck ribery claims he turned down real five years ago because he was told he was as important to bayern munich as lionel messi was to barcelona . the 32-year-old has won four bundesliga titles as well as a champions league during his time with the german giants . he says he was convinced to stay after being sold on his importance .
jurgen klopp 's men have failed to score in four of their last five league games . borussia dortmund face hoffenheim in the dfb pokal on tuesday . bender says his side need to start scoring more goals if they want to win games .
antonio di natale says alexis sanchez is the best strike partner he 's ever had . the chilean won 42 caps for italy between 2002 and 2012 . sanchez has been in storming form with 20 goals in all competitions during his debut season with the gunners .
alessandro matri , roberto pereyra and leonardo bonucci scored for juventus . alvaro morata , paul pogba and andrea pirlo also on target for old lady . juventus progress to the final after beating fiorentina 3-1 .
roma have been ordered to close part of their stadium for their next home game after supporters were sanctioned for showing an offensive banner over the weekend . the banner caused outcry for insulting the mother of a napoli fan who was killed in violent clashes between supporters last year . the club have been punished for the taunts .
aston villa 's kevin toner is out of contract at the end of the summer . the 18-year-old 's current deal runs out this summer . norwich , leicester , newcastle and stoke have watched toner . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
hibs boss alan stubbs is among the front-runners for the manager 's job . malky mackay was sensationally sacked by wigan athletic on monday . stubbs ' no2 , john doolan , formed part of uwe rosler 's backroom staff .
celtic beat bottom side st mirren 2-0 on friday night in scottish premiership . stefan johansen clinched the points with a 79th minute penalty . wide-man james forrest had finished off a well-worked hoops move from close range to open the scoring .
celtic beat st mirren 2-0 in their premiership clash on friday night . james forrest strike and stefan johansen 's penalty were enough to see off a spirited challenge by the bottom side . ronny deila believes scottish football will struggle to develop top players if there is n't a drastic improvement in our pitches .
ian poulter will be fit and fresh for his latest assault on augusta national . the american has tried every type of formula in the build-up to the golfing year . he has simply said to hell with it , let 's have some fun with it . the masters begins on friday at the arnold palmer invitational in new providence .
gary player will attend his 58th masters this week fully expecting to welcome a new member to the game 's most exclusive club . south african legend considers tiger woods completing the career grand slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen . jack nicklaus came along and did it at 26 and then tiger at 24 .
rory mcilroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career grand slam at augusta national , of all places . the northern irishman is ranked 111th in the world at present , 155 years after the first major championship , another season opens with a potentially epochal event . the 79th masters was set up beautifully as it was , with tiger woods walking around with a smile on his face as well and signing autographs .
neymar has not scored for barcelona since hitting the opener in a 5-0 win at home to levante on february 15 . the 23-year-old has gone off the boil since the turn of the year . luis enrique is not concerned by neymar 's recent goal drought .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 at the etihad on sunday . glenn murray and jason puncheon scored for the premier league champions . manuel pellegrini believes palace 's first goal was clearly offside . but he insisted he does not fear the sack after the game .
rory mcilroy is one of only five players to win the masters , the open , the us pga championship and the us open . the world no 1 played golf from a young age and always admired woods as he grew up in northern ireland . in a new two-minute video created by their sponsors nike , the clip features a number of young actors portraying woods as a kid and into his teenage years .
quinton fortune claims neymar looked uncomfortable during barcelona 's 1-0 la liga win over celta vigo on february 15 . the brazilian forward has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games for barcelona . fortune claims luis enrique should be concerned by his body language .
charlie adam scored the goal of his career during stoke city 's defeat to chelsea at the britannia stadium . the scotland international picked the ball up inside his own half and stunned blues goalkeeper thibaut courtois with a sensational 66-yard effort .
chelsea captain john terry hailed eden hazard as one of the world 's best . hazard tucked home a penalty to put chelsea in front before charlie adam scored a memorable 66-yard equaliser for the visitors . loic remy was on hand to turn home hazard 's square pass to wrap up the three points clear at the top of the premier league .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool . the 20-year-old winger was told off by brendan rodgers for answering him back at training on wednesday . sterling has attracted interest from clubs including real madrid , bayern munich , manchester city and arsenal .
paul casey has returned to the world 's top 50 after leaving european tour . the englishman has not played in the ryder cup since 2012 . casey last played at the start of the year in the 2008 defeat by usa . he insists he is not in the us open or open or hbsc champions .
odion ighalo opened the scoring for watford in the 56th minute . darren bent doubled derby 's lead in the 57th minute with a header . craig forsyth added a second for the hosts in the 57"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
dundee united lost 2-0 to celtic in the scottish league cup on wednesday . jackie mcnamara is under pressure after his side 's recent slump . dundee have failed to win any of their last 10 games without a win . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
edinson cavani argues with the referee during psg 's 3-2 win against marseilles at new stade velodrome on sunday . reports suggested a breakdown in the pair 's relationship earlier in the season . laurent blanc even said they must improve their partnership on the pitch .
nick abendanon won the last of his two caps for england back in 2007 . the 28-year-old is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad . he invoked the ` exceptional circumstances ' clause in the rfu selection policy as he said : ` i 'd love to get a call from stuart -lrb- lancaster -rrb- over the summer , but i 'm not counting on it because they 've got that rule in place ' .
a video posted online by youtube user ratbag nomad shows tourists how it 's done . as the tour guide started peddling his legs slowly in the air , the mob of emus started coming closer . sure enough , the emus - known to be especially curious flightless birds of australia .
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille in the summer . the ghana international is believed to be a target for tottenham . spurs are facing stiff competition in the race to land the 25-year-old . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .
tottenham face aston villa at white hart lane on tuesday evening . tim sherwood and les ferdinand will be in opposing dug-outs at villa park . tottenham chairman daniel levy has made sherwood responsible for the club 's youth and under 21 programmes in 2008 .
harry kane believes tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the champions league this season . the 21-year-old became the youngest premier league captain this season during the drab goalless draw against burnley on easter sunday . spurs are now seven points behind manchester city , who play crystal palace on monday night .
harry redknapp insists raheem sterling is not ready to move to the likes of real madrid at this stage of his career . the 68-year-old also conceded that if he wants to force a move , there is very little liverpool can do to stop him . sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer .
raheem sterling has never said he wants to leave liverpool . but brendan rodgers insists that his relationship with sterling is as strong as ever . rodgers claims he is still focused on playing for liverpool during the remainder of the season . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
michael owen has warned raheem sterling that life after liverpool may not be all he hopes it would be . owen started his senior career at liverpool but eventually moved on to real madrid in 2004 . the 20-year-old says sterling is in a great place to develop .
raheem sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week deal with liverpool . liverpool boss jose mourinho insists he would sell any of his players if they did not want to play for the club . chelsea are interested in the 20-year-old and have been asked to be kept updated on his future .
olivier giroud and arsene wenger are the premier league player and manager of the month for march . giroud scored five goals in four games for arsenal in march . wenger inspired arsenal to four victories from four games in the league . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
raheem sterling has turned down an offer of # 100,000-a-week to stay at liverpool . the 20-year-old gave an interview to the bbc on wednesday giving his reasons for his decision . sterling 's stance appears to have damaged his relationship with liverpool 's supporters .
jaap stam had just ordered a new kitchen for his home when he was informed by sir alex ferguson that he was being sold to lazio . the then manchester united manager did n't mention in the same conversation that his son , jason , stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal . rodgers remains confident that sterling will stay and the situation will be resolved in the summer .
for the new one beautiful thought ad campaign , dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves . the women filled in a notebook each , and handed it back to dove . unbeknownst to the women , those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script .
the toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45 am on friday in yuma , arizona . they were flown by a u.s. marine corps helicopter to a yuma hospital , where they were pronounced dead . detectives believe the boys ended up in the canal by accident and do n't suspect foul play .
former us president george h.w. bush looked in good health on friday as he accompanied australian tennis player roy emerson at the u.s. men 's clay court championship in houston , texas . bush , 90 , fell ill in december and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath .
imam abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was found slumped in a volkswagen passat on wednesday morning in wembley . he was embroiled in dispute with his former workplace , the an-noor mosque in acton , where he had been replaced by hassan anyabwile from trinidad and tobago .
gang used three tractors and trailers to dump industrial waste in walsham-le-willows , between eye and bury st edmunds . it is believed the gang piled up the rubbish , which includes materials used in the carpet and veterinary industries . pc mark bryant , a rural crime officer , said it is the worst case of flytipping he 's seen in 28 years .
leaflet attached to green bins told stratford-upon-avon residents what items could go in them . but footnote said : ` this is not recyclable ' . stratford district council in top ten councils for recycling and composting for second year running . recycling rate of just over 59 per cent for 2013/14 put stratford eighth out of 352 authorities nationwide .
cody got stuck in the mud after wandering into a bog in belvedere , south-east london . crew members climbed into the watery ditch as they tried to ease the distressed animal to safety on friday afternoon . despite being shaken by the ordeal - despite being otherwise unharmed .
mark o'meara rolled back the years with one of the standout rounds of the day to make the cut at the masters for the first time in 10 years . the 1998 champion was one over after the first round but five birdies in his second , including three in four holes on the front nine . the 58-year-old american is the third oldest man in the field in 2015 , behind tom watson -lrb- 65 -rrb- and ben crenshaw -lr
paul sturrock spent four days as an advisor to conference side torquay before jumping ship to join league one basement side yeovil on thursday . the 58-year-old has been promoted five times as a manager but notts county condemned them to relegation at huish park .
manchester city have apologised to supporters and promised to hand out ticket refunds after coaches they laid on for free were delayed and missed the kick-off at crystal palace . the premier league champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the bank holiday evening clash at selhurst park . palace 's south london home is notoriously difficult to get to and the club acted after the game was scheduled for an 8pm start , making it impossible for supporters to travel by
robbie fowler is already among the names of the best premier league strikers of all time . the former liverpool , leeds and manchester city hitman broke on to the scene as a goalscoring sensation at anfield in 1993 . fowler featured alongside the great dane during a brief spell together at real madrid .
perth glory fans set off a series of flares during the round 25 a-league match between the perth glory and sydney fc . a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg at around 7.10 pm in friday 's clash at nib stadium in perth . the boy , from bicton , has been charged with grievous bodily harm and use of signals and flares . venueswest has threatened a five year ban on the patrons who were involved with setting
john singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of new south wales . situated beside the killcare surf life saving club , the five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the pacific ocean . singleton bought the five bedroom residence for a suburb record of $ 4.25 million in late 2007 .
the wisden -- mcc cricket photograph of the year 2014 -- was won by getty images photographer matthew lewis . his image of dwayne bravo shows the player taking a breathtaking full-length catch for the west indies to dismiss australia 's james faulkner during last year 's icc world twenty20 competition . but portraits of ordinary players also make the list , from children on a bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch
brian gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his brooklyn , new york , home on february 17 , but did n't come back . his family started a frantic search in the local community , warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language . but his body had been discovered at marine park golf club , two miles from his home .
sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta , canada , switching on an electric keyboard with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes . footage shows her plonking her front paws down along the keyboard , as she sits with her back legs positioned on the piano stool . instead of classical music , sadie appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature .
everton will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage . darron gibson has endured a wretched time over the last 18 months . roberto martinez expects gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape . click here for all the latest everton news .
darron gibson was hurt in the 2-1 win over queens park rangers last month . roberto martinez expects gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape . but martinez insists there is positive lining in gibson , who missed almost all of martinez 's first campaign with cruciate ligament damage .
long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway as a stretch of the motorway between junctions four and five in ortford , kent was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist . but during the hour-long delay , police received reports that people are playing football in the static traffic on the m25 . meanwhile at the same time two teenagers found themselves stranded on the wrong side of the road when the clockwise carri
bradley neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first masters . the 19-year-old is being tipped for huge things when he does turn pro . neil earned his invitation to the masters after winning the scottish boys championship in 2013 and then the british amateur championship last year .
bradley neil missed the cut on his masters debut at augusta national . the 19-year-old scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par . neil admits he needed to ` give himself a kick up the arse ' after struggling on the professional tour .
danny willett vented his anger after his second shot from beyond the green trickled all the way across the putting surface and left the preacher 's son facing a bogey or worse . the 27-year-old englishman carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round at augusta national .
rory mcilroy finished seven shots behind first-round leader jordan spieth . the world no 1 is scheduled to go out in the penultimate group with phil mickelson and ryan moore at 6.48 pm -lrb- bst -rrb- on friday .
andy murray will face novak djokovic in the final of the miami open . the british no1 will face long-time rival marries kim sears in dunblane . murray has won his past nine finals at these masters-level events . click here for more tennis news .
toto wolff claims the champions will just keep calm and carry on . the mercedes boss says the team are back into a regular racing season . vettel won the second race of the season following mercedes ' dominance last year . the german won the drivers ' championship in malaysia .
ferrari technical director james allison believes mercedes are again likely to lead the way in china this weekend . fears of another season of domination from mercedes were blown away by a shock , yet deserved victory for sebastian vettel last time out in malaysia . at least offered hope to neutrals that reigning champion lewis hamilton and team-mate nico rosberg will not have it all their own way .
tom croft has received a huge lift at the start of his latest long journey back to fitness by securing a new deal at leicester . croft suffered a dislocated shoulder in the tigers ' victory over newcastle and after surgery he was left facing six months of rehabilitation . the 29-year-old suffered a broken neck and he missed most of last season with a knee injury .
saracens are the nation 's solitary representative in the semi-finals after bath , northampton and wasps tumbled out of the champions cup over the weekend . lawrence dallaglio views poor performance of english clubs as a ` crisis ' for french rugby rather than evidence of a gulf in class between the english and french leagues .
richie gray will be sold to the highest bidder if castres are relegated . the 45-times capped second row was ruled out for the rest of the season . fellow scotland internationals johnnie beattie and max evans also expected to leave . gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should the club go down .
tom poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury . derbyshire wicketkeeper missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father keith died last april . the 25-year-old will be available for the start of the season .
rangers have promised to probe claims mike ashley has grabbed control of the club 's badges . reports emerged on social media on thursday suggesting the newcastle united owner was now the official owner of the light blues trademarks . but now dave king 's new regime have promised a speedy investigation .
cristiano ronaldo was booked during real madrid 's 2-0 win over rayo vallecano on wednesday . the portuguese was booked after being brought down by antonio amaya . but his yellow card has now been rescinded by the la liga 's appeals committee .
manchester united lost 2-1 at crystal palace on monday night . city now trail louis van gaal 's side by a point ahead of sunday 's derby . united sat sixth on 20 points , one ahead of then ninth-placed city . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
psg beat saint etienne 4-1 in their champions league semi-final on wednesday . zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick and a goal from ezequiel lavezzi . the 33-year-old has played in just 124 games so far this season .
sergio aguero says scoring against manchester united is enough to give him shivers . the argentine forward has scored six goals in derby meetings with united and is planning on adding to that tally when the two sides meet at old trafford on sunday . argentina forward has hailed fellow south american radamel falcao ahead of the derby .
lazio face empoli in the coppa italia final on june 7 . senad lulic scored the winning goal in lazio 's 1-0 win over napoli . lazio are third in serie a , 15 points behind juve . juve go into saturday 's game at bottom-side parma .
real madrid midfielder james rodriguez is ` worth his weight in gold ' according to spanish newspaper marca . the 23-year-old is also described as ` the jewel in real madrid 's crown ' . la gazzetta dello sport lead on roberto mancini 's plans for a summer revolution at inter milan .
chelsea beat stoke city 2-1 in their premier league clash on saturday . eden hazard scored a penalty and set up loic remy 's winner . hazard is optimistic chelsea will win a first premier league title in five years . jose mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games .
bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen 5-3 in the german cup semi-final . pep guardiola is concerned about his team without arjen robben and franck ribery . munich face eintracht frankfurt on saturday in the bundesliga .
hector bellerin has been linked with a move back to barcelona . the 20-year-old left the catalan giants four years ago as he pursued a faster route to first-team football . psg and manchester united target dani alves could leave the nou camp .
paris saint-germain defender david luiz is out for at least four weeks . the 27-year-old suffered a torn hamstring in sunday 's 3-2 win at marseille . scans revealed the severity of the injury on sunday night . the former chelsea defender will miss both legs of their quarter-final tie against barcelona in europe .
eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks across 12 venues all round india in a battle to be crowned champions of the tournament . chennai super kings are one of the iconic sights of the indian premier league . csk have been losing finalists three times and never failed to reach the last four .
christian benteke 's hat-trick secured a vital point for aston villa in a thrilling game against relegation rivals qpr . leandro bacuna offered an outlet down the right flank but allowed hill a free jump for his header . kieran richardson gave austin too much space for his strike and looked a little rusty after his spell out .
aston villa host queens park rangers at loftus road on tuesday night . tim sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert relegation crisis . qpr will be without striker eduardo vargas , who has been ruled out for rest of season with knee ligament injury .
jack wilshere , mikel arteta and abou diaby have all been handed starts for arsenal under 21s on tuesday night . steve gatting 's young gunners take on stoke city at the emirates stadium in a u21 premier league clash . teenage winger serge gnabry is also in the team to play against stoke .
jack wilshere , mikel arteta and abou diaby are set to feature for arsenal under 21s on tuesday night . steve gatting 's young gunners take on stoke city at the emirates stadium in a u21 premier league clash . serge gnabry is also set to take part alongside a talented crop of youngsters , including dan crowley .
liam treadwell won the race on venetia williams-trained mon mome in 2009 . the ride on former welsh national winner monbeg dude was available because his two regular jockeys , tom scudamore and paul carberry have already got rides . treadwell is on gordon elliott 's cause of causes of causes .
england face new zealand in the west indies test series on april 6-7 . alastair cook insists he is ` refreshed ' by this winter 's enforced sabbatical . england lost 5-0 under his captaincy in 2013-14 . cook is first of all in three caribbean tests this month .
kevin pietersen has lashed out at graham gooch for commenting on his attempted england comeback . gooch appeared on bbc radio five live on sunday morning . the former england captain has re-signed for surrey in an attempt to earn an england recall when he starts batting on monday .
kevin pietersen rejoined surrey after incoming ecb chairman colin graves said domestic form would help . the 34-year-old batsman has not played in the lv = county championship since 2013 but is set to start the season with the brown caps in the hope of turning the selectors ' heads and reversing last year 's controversial sacking . he has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against oxford mccu on april 12
nabil fekir has been attracting interest from premier league clubs . his father mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench at man city . the 21-year-old scored the opener in lyon 's 3-1 win over guingamp on saturday . click here for arsenal transfer news .
barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0 in la liga on sunday evening . fabian orellana and sergio busquets were sent off in the first half . referee inaki vicandi garrido decided the incident was enough to warrant and straight red card and promptly gave him his marching orders .
manchester city have been limited to a net spend of # 49million in the last two transfer windows - they spent # 25m bringing wilfried bony in from swansea in january . manuel pellegrini is hoping the financial restrictions will be lifted at the end of the 2015/16 season .
diego costa was required to stop chelsea squandering the opportunity to open a seven-point advantage over their title rivals . the # 32million striker was forced off with a recurrence of the hamstring injury that ruled him out of the international break with spain . mourinho said he would only turn to costa if absolutely necessary .
brittany lincicome beat stacy lewis in a play-off to claim her second ana inspiration crown after a dramatic end to the lpga 's opening major of the year in california . the 29-year-old looked set to finish in the chasing pack until she carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 and move level with fellow american leewis on nine under par . former champion lewis
derby county want sean dyche to replace steve mcclaren . dyche has been linked with a move to newcastle at the end of the season . derby have been impressed with dyche 's work in the premier league . click here for all the latest burnley news .
liverpool fell to a 4-1 thrashing at the hands of arsenal on saturday . jordan henderson urged his team not to give up on their hopes of finishing in the top four . the 24-year-old scored a penalty at the emirates but it was not enough .
tim sherwood and chris ramsey could be shaped by 90 minutes of football at villa park . the pair will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in birmingham . sherwood came close to the qpr job when harry redknapp resigned , but paul lambert was sacked in the same period .
darren bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for derby since going on loan from aston villa in january . the 31-year-old was out of favour with sacked manager paul lambert and rams boss steve mcclaren . bent 's form has been impressive since joining the championship promotion hopefuls .
aston villa host qpr at white hart lane on tuesday night . tim sherwood says he does not have the players to grind out results . but the boss believes he must instil a different mentality into his players . sherwood believes his side have got a lot of experience in there .
burnley manager sean dyche insists he is enjoying life at turf moor . dyche has been tipped to replace steve mcclaren at newcastle . the clarets earned a point in a goalless draw with tottenham on saturday . click here for all the latest burnley news .
john terry was caught up in a race controversy with then-qpr defender anton ferdinand in 2011 . the football association fined terry # 220,000 for using abusive language related to colour . terry 's former central defensive partner with england has called him the ` biggest idiot ' in the past for the way he handled the racism row .
chris ramsey 's side are two points adrift of safety in the premier league . clint hill scored his first barclays premier league goal in tuesday 's 3-3 draw at aston villa . qpr are third bottom , two points from safety after christian benteke 's hat-trick .
chris ramsey believes his friend and neighbour tim sherwood will keep aston villa in the premier league . qpr scored four goals in a premier league away game for the first time since march 1994 v norwich -lrb- 4-3 -rrb- . ramsey will be doing his utmost to extend villa 's top-flight uncertainty on tuesday night .
qpr drew 3-3 with aston villa at villa park on sunday afternoon . tony fernandes was watching the game from his iphone . he spoke of his despair after his team twice threw away a lead . matt phillips had earlier given qpr the lead in the first half .
chelsea host qpr at loftus road on sunday afternoon . blues boss jose mourinho will play nemanja matic and cesc fabregas . the pair are just one booking away from a two-game ban . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
chelsea defender on-loan at vitesse arnhem has been released without charge after being questioned by police on ` suspicion of a sexual offence ' . the 20-year-old has been loaned out to fluminense and inter milan since he signed for chelsea in january 2013 .
eight sides still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places . bournemouth , norwich , wolves , brentford and ipswich could well be playing in the top flight next season regardless of whether their club goes up or not . troy deeney scores as watford beat middlesbrough on monday .
melissa wilson and her team-mates are on the brink of making history . after decades of campaigning and 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators , they get equal billing . for wilson 's grandfather , 85-year-old richard cowell , it will be a momentous day .
the oxford university women 's boat race team were rescued from the thames by the royal national lifeboat institution on wednesday . crew members from the chiswick rnli station came to the assistance of the oxford crew and their cox . after the rowers were returned safely to putney , the sunken eight was recovered and returned to oxford 's base .
wasps will appeal against the three-week ban issued to nathan hughes . the club have said they will not enable the back row to play in sunday 's champions cup quarter-final against toulon . hughes was found guilty of striking north in the 52-30 aviva premiership defeat at franklin 's gardens on march 27 .
george north suffered a third confirmed concussion in just four months against wasps last friday . the 22-year-old could face an even longer spell on the sidelines if specialist consultants are not convinced that he is ready to return to action . north was knocked out following a collision with the knee of wasps back-row nathan hughes .
northampton have ruled out george north for the game against clermont auvergne on saturday . the 22-year-old was knocked unconscious when struck by wasps no 8 nathan hughes ' knee as he was scoring a try at franklin 's gardens last friday night . northampton have taken an encouraging step in response to fears about north 's long-term health .
tom lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick as hull fc beat widnes 22-8 to make it back-to-back wins for the first time since last june . lineham showed good opportunism and no little speed on two occasions to pluck passes out of the air and race over 90 metres to add to his early opener .
leeds beat castleford 26-12 at the mend-a-hose jungle on good friday . ryan hall was sent to the sin-bin for the first time in his career . adam cuthbertson scored his first try of the season . leeds extended their unbeaten run against the tigers to six matches .
jacob fairbank faces a spell on the sidelines after fracturing his ankle and suffering ligament damage while on loan at halifax . the 25-year-old was injured in halifax 's victory over hunslet on easter monday and subsequent scans have left him facing an extensive rehabilitation period .
england face west indies in the first test in antigua on monday . jonathan trott fell for just two , top-edging an attempted pull against a st kitts side bolstered by england bowlers liam plunkett and mark wood . trott 's only rival for the opener slot , yorkshire 's adam lyth , was dropped twice before falling to a poor shot outside off-stump for 23 .
england dominated against a modest st kitts & nevis xi . alastair cook and jonathan trott made the first innings seem like little more than a glorified net session . ben stokes spoke strongly about his team-mates after the two batsmen looked assured at the crease .
richie benaud , 84 , died on friday after a lifetime in the sun . the cricket commentary box legend admitted that he was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head . benaud had been driving his beloved car - a 1963 sunbeam alpine - back from hitting practice golf balls at the australian golf club in sydney .
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 at the britannia stadium on saturday . loic remy scored his second consecutive winner in the game . jose mourinho praised the professionalism and scoring ability of remy . remy also netted chelsea 's winner against hull before the international break .
cameron thomas philp was passing a crime scene at highgate hill in brisbane on may 3 , 2013 when he graffitied and spat on the side of a police forensics van . he was fined $ 300 but avoided a conviction , reports courier mail . magistrate michael quinn reminded him he had a number of similar convictions on his criminal record .
louis smith , 25 , is gaining expertise in an area previously dominated by queen of the ` belfie ' , kim kardashian . topless selfies have become something of a phenomenon so much so , that when interviewed by the telegraph recently , primarily about his latest project to help communities learn how to dance .
cressida bonas , 26 , was catapulted into the limelight thanks to her relationship with prince harry . she says she is more than happy being single following her split from prince . says in a new interview to promote her role as mulberry 's new muse . a.b. by allen schwartz black cutout halter dress now on sale for $ 99.99 !
will stack , a 22-year-old u.s. army national guardsman , has released a video disputing claims that all white officers treat suspects ` on the basis of their color ' . in the footage , mr stack recounts his own experience with a ` caucasian officer ' in the state 's lexington county courthouse on wednesday . he explains how he was pulling out of courthouse to make a left turn when he decided to use the empty median lane to access the left turn
kevin pietersen believes michael vaughan is the right man to ` change the brand of cricket currently being played ' in england . the 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role with the ecb , preferring to focus on his burgeoning media profile and business interests . the controversial batsman has largely kept his counsel on the demise of downton .
kevin pietersen can resurrect his test career , says chris tremlett . surrey paceman tremlett believes england and wales cricket board managing director paul downton 's departure opens the door for controversial batsman kevin . tremlett backed his surrey team-mate to achieve that feat .
alec stewart has not yet been approached by the ecb . stewart is currently director of cricket at surrey . michael vaughan , the former england captain who is close to the incoming ecb chairman colin graves , has also made clear his desire to help english cricket out of its current state of chaos .
kyle walker suffered a heavy collision with burnley defender kieran trippier during the 0-0 draw at burnley on sunday . results from the scan have shown up heavy bruising , but no fracture . the 24-year-old will continue to be assessed by spurs ' medical team in the coming days .
arsenal manager arsene wenger is march 's winner of the premier league manager of the month award - his 14th accolade . wenger has won four premier league wins from four cemented their place in the champions league places . the frenchman won the prize in august , march and april as united romped to the title by 18 points .
francis coquelin has thrived in the centre of arsenal 's midfield since returning from loan at charlton earlier in the season to earn plaudits for his robust performances . the 23-year-old is determined to prove himself at arsenal and hold down his place in the starting xi . he claims he wants to follow in the footsteps of patrick vieira .
tim sherwood could move to get chris ramsey on his coaching staff if he leaves qpr in the summer . ramsey took over as qpr manager until the end of the season following the departure of harry redknapp in february . sherwood also revealed that he wishes he had striker darren bent at his disposal .
jeanetta riley , 35 , a mother-of-three , was killed last july after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in sandpoint , idaho . she had been taken to the hospital by her husband , 44-year-old shane , following threats she made to kill herself . while parked outside of the emergency room of bonner general hospital , she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch
dina talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the confederation of african football 's -lrb- caf -rrb- ordinary general assembly in cairo . but delegates from the country including khaled abdel aziz , egyptian minister of youth and sports , stayed in an adjoining hall until the end of the performance . the two-minute clip shows mrs talaaat wearing a green and silver outfit as she shakes her belly and gyr
georgina rojas-medina , 41 , was shot and killed by her common-law husband , gerardo tovar , 44 , in tulare , california . neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple 's 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on saturday night . bloody footprints show the path the girl had to make after finding her mother shot to death and a father who 'd killed himself .
todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel . many cars struggled with traction during the race after rain had fallen for hours leading up to the green flag .
dr seuss fans flock to alaska to visit the 12-cabin-high structure that looks like one of his illustrations . it was once a two-story home , built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees . but when the trees eventually started shooting up again , the owner refused to relinquish his idyllic view of the mountains .
in tests , kindergarten children who shared ipads in classes that had no ipads or in which each student had their own device . shared ipad students scored around 30 points higher in a test than students who used the device on their own and non-ipad users . findings come after general secretary of the national association of head teachers said he was dubious about using technology as a teaching aid in non-it classes .
john axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the rockies game on sunday . his son jameson was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment . the axford family will board an emergency medical flight on monday to denver for more surgery .
four-seater plane is believed to have come down near hatten , oldenburg . the male pilot was killed in the crash , and three passengers have been taken to a nearby hospital , local police said . the cause of the crash is yet unclear , and police are expected to launch an investigation .
vincent kompany insists uefa 's financial fair play regulations protect elite clubs rather than helping teams avoid going bust . manchester city captain has hit back at the ffp rulings , claiming they prevent other teams challenging the established sides at the upper echelons of the game . city are debt-free , mainly thanks to the vast wealth of owner sheikh mansour 's heavy personal investment .
three middle-aged men talked openly about erectile dysfunction . one man in the lord nelson pub was heard telling his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman . another customer at the pub told his companions the lack of affection shown to him by his parents means he values their friendship all the more .
former england rugby internationals lewis moody , danny grewcock and josh lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt . poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the russian operated camp barneo first caused an aborted landing . the experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway .
daphne benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family , indicating the ` no fuss ' approach is the way the former test captain would have wanted it . the private service for benaud , who died on friday aged 84 , will take place this week , news corp reported on sunday . prime minister tony abbott offered his family a state funeral , calling benaud 's death the ` greatest loss for cricket since the loss of don bradman ' .
manchester united manager louis van gaal blamed himself for finishing the game with 10 men . michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf . sergio aguero scored the opening goal at old trafford on sunday afternoon . james milner goes off with a reckless challenge from phil jones .
manchester united crushed manchester city 4-2 at old trafford . sergio aguero opened the scoring but ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling all struck . twitter users created a series of viral images which tended to pick fun at city 's expense .
hibs beat hearts 2-0 in the easter road title party on saturday . alan stubbs saw his side record a win in the edinburgh derby . stubbs said his players had answered those who asked if they had the bottle to win at the business end of the season .
diane blankenship , 45 , is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle while her friend drove them about town in december last year . she was detained at her home in tampa , florida , on friday night .
police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area on mcpherson street in sydney 's east . police were forced to use capsicum spray on the attendees and one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him . most of the partygoers were moved from the scene relatively easily , but a number began to throw glass bottles . a 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer
four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station in tecomba , melbourne . the group of men , all wearing hooded jumpers , broke into the service station on april 2 . they filled a doona cover with $ 38,000 worth of cigarettes . but they failed to get the large loot in the boot and lost about a third of their stash .
clare verrall , 31 , was out with her french bulldog dutchy on wednesday evening when a man jumped out at her from behind some bins . during the fight she kneed the man in the groin and kicked him before she fled . the attacker then threatened her life , saying ` something along the lines of `` make a noise or scream and i 'll kill you '' ' . police confirmed to daily mail australia they are still searching for the man .
australian artist george gittoes says his 2015 sydney peace prize is welcome recognition that ` creativity is the opposite of war ' . the 65-year-old was named as the recipient on saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts in africa , asia , europe and the middle east through painting , photography and film .
troy slezak from huntington beach , california , filmed his seven-month-old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor . at one point stella places one hand by boo 's mouth . but the friendly dog does n't bite and calmly gives the tot a loving lick back .
visitors to orana wildlife park in new zealand got to encounter a pride of lions up-close and personal . the video shows the lions interacting with the visitors who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car . standing with its paws against the cage , a lion is introduced as sakura who is around 11-years-old and weighs about 265kg .
two planes dramatically collided on a runway at moorabin airport , near melbourne , shortly before noon on saturday . it is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane . both pilots involved in the crash were students .
jose mourinho has been trialling a formation with ramires and matic in front of the back four as the league leaders head to loftus road . it is likely to mean a more advanced role for cesc fabregas in the ` no10 ' position behind didier drogba up front , with fellow striker loic remy out injured . willian will start on the right and his brazilian team-mate oscar may drop out of the starting line up for
sebastian vettel returned to the team 's factory at maranello last week . the win allowed ferrari to revive a tradition not seen at their base for two years since their previous triumph in may 2013 . the four-time world champion shares a friendly discussion with mclaren star jenson button .
david powell arrested after pensioner 's body was discovered at her home . although body has not yet been formally identified , she is understood to be his mother celilia powell . mr powell , of longton road , barlaston , staffordshire , is due to appear before magistrates at newcastle-under-lyme today .
chairman of cambridge united believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals . dave doggett said violence at matches has increased as older men return to watching their team play in their retirement .
the ladies of liverpool did n't disappoint with fashion and drunken frolics once again taking centre stage . thousands of female race-goers displayed their indomitable spirit for the occasion . many opted for outfits that would n't have been out of place at a wedding - whether as part of the bridal party or as the bride herself .
alassan gobitaca , known as al the jumper , is a swedish guinness world record holder who has jumped over everything from a lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes . his stunt driver , hassan , explains his thought process when approaching the stunt and states that he considers both the speed and position of his car .
state department alleges a u.s. rc-135u reconnaissance aircraft was flying near the baltic sea in international airspace when a russian su-27 flanker cut into its path . pentagon officials have slammed the move as ` unprofessional ' and ` unsafe ' . russia has rubbished claims it was a deliberate and aggressive interception .
alan gordon scored a first-half winner for la galaxy as they got over their nightmare start to the season . robbie keane and clint dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury but the galaxy were able to find just their second win of a difficult campaign so far . seattle sounders move off the foot of the western conference in major league soccer .
eden hazard will be named the pfa player of the year , says graeme souness . hazard has 35 goals and 25 assists in his century of premier league games . chelsea face qpr at loftus road on sunday afternoon . jose mourinho believes hazard should claim hazard of the season .
jordan spieth tees off at 2:55 pm local time -lrb- 7:45 pm bst -rrb- on saturday . the 21-year-old american holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage . he will be joined by charley hoffman , who is on nine under par . rory mcilroy and tiger woods will be out a lot earlier in the day .
aljaz bedene has won his first match since becoming a british citizen . the 25-year-old claimed a 6-3 6-2 victory over maxime chazal of france . bedene will now face either michael linzer of austria or france 's maxime texeira in the next round .
lewis hamilton was over half-a-second clear of mercedes team-mate nico rosberg in opening practice ahead of the chinese grand prix . the british driver is bidding to win his fourth race in china this weekend . hamilton is bidding for his fourth straight victory .
keanu reeves has been pictured at grand prix in the past . the 50-year-old grilled red bull 's chief technical officer adrian newey . he also checked out pit stops during his time at the factory with sky sports . reeve also said that his love for the sport comes partly from its similarity to the film business .
fernando alonso says he will retire from formula one once his deal comes to an end . the 33-year-old left mclaren in 2007 after a bitter year but says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season . alonso left ferrari to join renault , who are struggling for pace and reliability .
sergio perez fears ' a very painful year ' lies ahead if force india 's roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud . build-time pressure resulted in the silverstone-based marque starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace . the additional knock-on effect means a delay in the introduction of the team 's b-spec model , which is now not due to be unveiled until the austrian grand prix in june .
daniel ricciardo trained with a martial artist at guyi garden ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix . the australian has been a tough 18 months for red bull since their dominant four years at the top of formula one ended in 2013 . red bull need some guidance following a slow start to the season .
tony mccoy claimed victory in the aintree hurdles as he rode jezki to victory after ruby walsh fell at the final hurdle at this year 's grand national festival . the retiring champion feels the gelding deserved this moment in the sun , as he beat rock on ruby by 13 lengths .
saracens flanker jacques burger has been cited for alleged foul play . burger is alleged to have struck racing scrum-half maxime machenaud midway through the match at stade yves-du-manoir . namibia international burger will face a disciplinary hearing on thursday .
harlequins have announced that fly-half tim swiel will return to the club next season on a full-time contract . swiel , 21 , spent four months on loan with quins earlier this term before heading back to the durban-based sharks in south africa . somerset-born swiel made 10 appearances during his loan spell , featuring in the european champions cup , aviva premiership and lv = cup .
charlie hemphrey has finally secured the professional cricket contract he has been striving for over the past decade . the 25-year-old former folkestone grammar school pupil suffered habitual rejection in his attempts to breakthrough into the english system . it has been an extraordinary journey for him from a second xi debut for kent at 15 to his recent status as the first englishman to hit a sheffield shield hundred since 1978 .
west indies have cut six names from their first training camp . sheldon cottrell , miguel cummins , shane dowrich , shannon gabriel , leon johnson and veerasammy permaul have all been stood down . jason holder , the west indies one-day captain , takes his place in the test squad to face england .
steven finn believes pace does not matter in his quest to break back into england 's test squad . the 26-year-old was one of the few pluses of a dismal world cup run . finn hit back at those critics who say he should be hitting the 90mph mark with his bowling .
dzhokhar tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the boston marathon . he kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table as the guilty verdicts were read . the jury will now decide if he should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison .
sir bradley wiggins and geraint thomas avoided being caught up in a major crash in the final kilometre of scheldeprijs on wednesday . the italian , who was vying for position ahead of the expected sprint finish in the cobbled classic , hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground . katusha 's alexander kristoff took the win with only 14 riders contesting the sprint .
tim sherwood believes tottenham need to keep pace with harry kane . kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for spurs this season . sherwood says the form of christian benteke and gabby agbonlahor would keep him out of spurs by bidding in the summer .
crystal palace host sunderland at stadium of light on saturday -lrb- 3pm kick-off -rrb- . joe ledley will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness . mile jedinak is likely to return after his four-match suspension . crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 in their premier league clash .
jonas gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at newcastle . the 31-year-old was the only newcastle player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend 's 1-0 defeat at sunderland . gutierrez has said he will never forgive newcastle for their handling of his illness .
west ham sit third behind the republic of ireland and netherlands . sam allardyce wants his side to do so via fair play - with the club currently first in the premier league rankings . the 60-year-old believes burnley are our nearest rivals but we 've apparently been top all season .
the ibrox side crashed to a second championship defeat of the season at palmerston as derek lyle , gavin reilly and a lee wallace own goal gave queen of the south 's play-off hopes a massive boost . stuart mccall is adamant that confidence will not be dented by the scale of the loss .
neymar has the skills to pay the bills and his latest instagram offering proves that his footballing brain never stops as he shows off an array of skills out of hours . the brazilian ace will be hoping to show off some of that trickery when barcelona travel to sevilla on saturday .
manchester united beat manchester city 2-1 at the etihad on april 4 . wayne rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick as united beat aston villa 3-1 on easter monday night . manuel pellegrini is no longer trying to hide the collapse of his side 's season .
manchester city host manchester united at old trafford on sunday . manuel pellegrini 's side have fallen behind their arch-rivals in the premier league . city could register a fifth successive derby win for the first time in their history with victory this weekend . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
french league president pierre-marie geronimi has been asked to resign . bastia lost 4-0 to paris saint germain in the league cup final on saturday . thiago silva scored twice and opened the scoring from the spot . edinson cavani and zlatan ibrahimovic also scored for bastia .
vincent nogueira scored in stoppage time and philadelphia beat new york city fc 2-1 for the union 's first major league soccer victory of the season . zach pfeffer started the scoring in the 27th minute for philadelphia . former spain international david villa equalized in the 55th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw for the red bulls .
stefano pioli 's side are riding a seven-game winning streak in serie a . the biancoceleste won 1-0 at napoli on wednesday to reach their eighth coppa italia final . lazio are one point adrift of city rivals roma with nine games remaining .
palermo have not tasted victory away from home since november 2 . the islanders have not won in their last four games and coach andrea stramaccioni is desperate for a positive reaction from his players . udinese are 13th in the standings and one point adrift of palermo .
vincent kompany and martin demichelis were on monday night at selhurst park . glenn murray humiliated another of the world 's best defenders . murray now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in europe 's top five leagues .
manchester city beat manchester city 2-1 at the etihad on monday . glenn murray opened the scoring for the premier league champions . jason puncheon crashed in a superb second to deal what looks to be a fatal blow to city 's already slim hopes of retaining their crown .
real madrid face rayo vallecano in the la liga on wednesday night . cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 rout of granada . carlo ancelotti faces a selection dilemma ahead of the match . barcelona host almeria earlier in wednesday evening .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-finals . fernando hierro believes the current squad can go on a successful european run like we did in the late 1990s and early 2000s . hierro is confident that the players can emulate the successes of previous real sides .
real madrid beat granada 9-1 on sunday to keep title hopes alive . cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in one game for los blancos . barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0 courtesy of jeremy mathieu 's diving header . barca are four points clear at the top of la liga .
gareth bale tweeted : ` unbelievable result this afternoon , great team performance . now for a bbq ' . real madrid beat granada 9-1 at the bernabeu on sunday . cristiano ronaldo scored five goals past goalkeeper oier olazabal .
west ham have picked up just 11 points in the premier league since the turn of the year . sam allardyce has told david sullivan not to judge his side on their form in 2015 alone . the hammers have already beaten last year 's total by two points with seven games to spare .
manchester united host manchester city at old trafford on sunday -lrb- 4pm kick-off -rrb- . vincent kompany is doubtful for the derby with a hamstring injury . chris smalling could feature for the red devils in the derby . robin van persie will not be risked after ankle trouble .
chris smalling took a trip down memory lane as the 25-year-old went back to his old club . photos of the visit were posted on the international judo federation 's twitter account alongside a flashback picture of smalling as a youngster . smalling was named national judo champion for his age group before football took precedence at 15 .
louis van gaal has praised the rebirth of marouane fellaini . the belgian was substituted in a 3-0 defeat to manchester united last year . the dutchman is expected to start against manchester city on sunday . click here for all the latest man united news .
wayne rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the manchester derby . the england striker scored a spectacular overhead kick to win the derby and keep their title hopes alive . ryan giggs found michael owen 96 minute winner in a ding-dong game at old trafford .
qpr host chelsea at loftus road -lrb- sunday 3pm -rrb- . defender richard dunne close to a return but will not be considered . rio ferdinand also absent for barclays premier league match with unspecified knock . cesc fabregas will start alongside nemanja matic in midfield .
jose mourinho knows the premier league - a championship more competitive than italy 's serie a or spain 's primera division - can throw up twists and turns in the closing weeks . crystal palace striker glenn murray opened the scoring in the eagles ' surprise 2-1 win against manchester city on monday . the blues have entered this weekend 's matches seven points clear with eight matches remaining .
qpr face chelsea in the west london derby on sunday . jose mourinho 's side are one point off the foot of the premier league table . chris ramsey believes the derby is more crucial to his side than it is to chelsea""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
orlando city face portland timbers in the eastern conference on sunday . kaka has not found the back of the net since scoring in the first game of the season against new york city fc . the brazilian hit the gym to prepare for sunday 's trip to portland .
bristol city will become the first football league club to win promotion this season should they beat bradford on tuesday night . the league one leaders managed to come away from second-placed preston north end unscathed , drawing 1-1 thanks to aaron wilbraham 's equaliser . steve cotterill 's side had been destined not to seal promotion at deepdale because results elsewhere did n't go their way .
bristol city defeated ashton gate 1-0 in their premier league clash . kieran agard , joe bryan and aaron wilbraham scored for the ball . swindon town 's michael smith shields the ball from the challenge of luke ayling .
gary caldwell has been officially unveiled as the new wigan athletic manager at the dw stadium . malky mackay left the club languishing in the championship relegation zone after taking just 19 points from a possible 72 . wigan chairman david sharpe is confident he has made the right appointment .
hibernian beat hearts 2-0 in their first edinburgh derby victory . jason cummings and farid el alagui sealed the win in the first minute . the leith outfit were rewarded for a dominant first-half performance . hearts went into this match with only derby bragging rights at stake .
dani alves has been unable to agree a new deal with the catalan club . the brazilian right-back has been linked with manchester united and paris st germain . the 31-year-old has enjoyed seven successful years at barcelona . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
dani alves ' contract expires in the summer with manchester united and liverpool among a number of europe 's top clubs keeping tabs on the brazil international . santana has revealed there is a deal on the table from the spanish giants offering to extend the 31-year-old 's contract at the nou camp .
norwegian alexander kristoff took victory in a sprint finish with holland 's niki terpstra . thomas was one of the favourites to claim the title following his recent victory in e3 harelbeke and third-place finish at the gent-wevelgem sprint classic . team sky set the pace in the peloton for lengthy periods .
crystal palace boss alan pardew jokes glenn murray has a ` bionic ' knee . the cumbrian striker has scored five goals in five games since returning from a serious knee injury . murray missed the majority of last season after rupturing a cruciate knee ligament .
dashem tesfamichael , 30 , was jailed for life with a minimum of 13 years . he stabbed olu olagbaju , 26 , in shadan 's nightclub in december 2006 . prison officers reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying , which happened in the run-up to christmas last year .
around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the uk compared with just 600 a year four decades ago . overall , 55.2 of every 100,000 people aged over 65 are diagnosed with skin cancer every year . getting sunburnt once every two years can triple a person 's risk of developing the disease .
dave tyler , 72 , built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system . the amateur snapper is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena from his home near high wycombe , including sunspots , solar prominences , coronal loops and solar flares .
the time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track , which leads from kleine scheidegg to jungraujoch . opening in a tunnel built into a swiss mountain , the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes to race alongside the many skiers .
the monkey was filmed in the thai town of kanchanaburi . it approaches the woman , who holds a banana , with its outstretched hands . grabbing it in both hands , the monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin . the lady can be heard laughing as the monkey begins tucking into the banana .
steve harmison seems to be doing a fine job at ashington afc . the 36-year-old has led them to seven wins on the spin with his club . harmison is a boyhood newcastle fan and is doing well with the non-league side . john carver says he has invited harmison to training to catch a glimpse of his favourite team .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . louis van gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of returning to the champions league . united are eight points ahead of fifth-placed liverpool in the table . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
paul casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the masters . the 37-year-old was at home in arizona when the matter was decided last sunday . casey admitted he went through all sorts of agonies as his augusta fate swung back and forth .
padraig harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the masters . the irishman had fallen outside the world 's top 300 when he accepted an invitation to play in the honda classic in florida a month ago . he ended up winning his first tournament in america since the 2008 uspga championship .
chris martin 's goal gave derby the lead in the second half . steve mcclaren was all smiles as he took his place in the stands . will hughes , eric steele jigged over to the travelling derby supporters . the rams are back in this consuming promotion race .
rotherham beat brighton 1-0 at the aes seal new york stadium . matt derbyshire 's early finish proved to be the difference between the two teams at the wrong end of the sky bet championship table . david stockdale is unable to stop brighton 's near post effort after a good cross by jordan bowery .
eduardo vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury that is expected to keep him out for between 10-12 weeks . the 25-year-old opened the scoring in saturday 's 4-1 win against west brom but picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly in the win . scans have since revealed the injury is likely to keep the qpr player sidelined for up to between 10 and 12 weeks .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . ander herrera has come through a testing first six months in english football . the 25-year-old has now started the last eight matches and scored twice . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
kenny jackett 's wolves moved into sixth place in the championship with a fourth successive victory . david edwards , the substitute , headed home two minutes from the end of an unpredictable and thrilling game . wolves striker benik afobe slides on his knees after scoring his side 's third goal of the afternoon .
liverpool lost 4-1 at the emirates in the fa cup quarter-final on saturday . reds boss brendan rodgers has claimed there is no crisis at anfield . rodgers denied suggestions a training-ground meeting was designed to quell dissent among his players on sunday .
chelsea held to a goalless draw at wheatsheaf park by manchester united . ruben loftus-cheek played for chelsea under 21s having already starred in the champions league this term . both teams will rue missed chances to claim all three points , with spurs looking more likely to break the deadlock in the second half .
mls side orlando city are the latest club to have expressed interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . orlando have a huge latin-american fanbase and kaka is the captain of the mls side . southampton , stoke , west ham and everton are also interested .
one of argentina 's top referees faces a possible ban after overturning a decision based on a television replay . referee german delfino awarded a penalty to velez sarsfield after daniel valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area . however , the decision was overturned after linesman ivan nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman 's monitor .
charlie daniels opened the scoring for bournemouth in the 74th minute . yann kermorgant doubled their lead shortly after half-time . eddie howe added a second for the hosts in the 81st minute . charlie wilson added a third for the home side late on .
norwich beat sheffield wednesday 2-0 to move into the sky bet championship 's top two for the first time since october . bradley johnson netted his 12th and 13th goals of the season late in the first half to settle a scrappy encounter . the midfielder netted his second for the canaries as they maintain their automatic promotion hopes with victory .
real madrid beat granada 9-1 in la liga clash at the santiago bernabeu . iker casillas was hit by a wayward shot during the half-time interval . casillas handed the supporter his real madrid shirt during the interval . the veteran custodian alerted stewards and medical staff .
ben cousins left fremantle magistrates court with a smug smirk on his face following a morning spent in handcuffs and in police custody . cousins was supposed to appear in court to face reckless driving charges on wednesday morning but he failed to show up . his lawyer adain craus represented him during the session and claimed the former west coast eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments .
the reigning champions have shelled out for six coaches to take their supporters to selhurst park . the move was made after tv scheduling for the 8pm kick-off made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night . hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare this weekend because of the easter rail shut down .
ashley young watched his brother lewis in action for crawley town . crawley are scrambling to avoid relegation from league one . young senior played 70 minutes in united 's 3-1 victory over aston villa . united are third in the premier league on 62 points and next game is on sunday .
jordan henderson is seeking a new # 100,000-a-week contract . the liverpool vice-captain scored from the penalty spot during the 4-1 defeat by arsenal on saturday . sportsmail understands an offer worth # 5.2 million per year will be enough for the midfielder to stay at anfield .
malky mackay was sensationally sacked by wigan athletic on monday . the 43-year-old was told of the decision during a brief meeting with new chairman david sharpe . the scot remains under investigation by the fa and monday 's developments will not alter the speed in which his case is dealt with .
nakhi wells opened the scoring for huddersfield in the 30th minute . james vaughan doubled the lead for the home side and dent ipswich 's play-off hopes . luke varney reduced arrears earlier in the second period . nakhi made two changes at half-time and was rewarded .
francis coquelin has played a vital role in arsenal 's late push for the premier league title . hector bellerin scored his second goal during the 4-1 victory against liverpool on saturday . wenger admits he did not expect him to progress with such speed after a year at watford .
odion ighalo 's shot flies into the top corner of dimi konstantopoulos ' net on 65 minutes . middlesbrough remain rooted to the bottom of the premier league table . the championship 's best defence to explode at the seams . watford remain in the relegation zone .
real madrid defeated granada 9-1 at the bernabeu on easter sunday . cristiano ronaldo scored five goals , including a hat-trick . gareth bale broke the deadlock and carlo ancelotti 's team were 4-0 up .
manuel pellegrini insists his side must sign a ` crack ' player such as sergio aguero . manchester city are currently fourth in the premier league table . city have failed to build on a title success last summer . click here for all the latest manchesterchester city news . read : man city vs crystal palace team news , probable line ups and more .
captain arda turan was congratulating his team-mates over the pa system . but after the move was reported in turkish media , turkish aviation officials said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight back from luxembourg . they said nobody other than the turkish team captain and atletico madrid midfielder turan should be allowed in the cockpit .
jeremy mathieu opened the scoring for barcelona in the 73rd minute . celta vigo goalkeeper alvarez conde was unable to stop the powerful header from mathieu . luis suarez is a star-studded strike force that almost every team in the world would dearly love to have .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid thrashed granada 9-1 on sunday afternoon . the portuguese superstar has now scored 11 times in just eight matches . he scored twice in real 's 2-0 uefa super cup win over sevilla in may 2011 .
brendan rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four . liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal at anfield on saturday afternoon . the reds have won 17 of their 20 games since christmas in all competitions . rodgers starts the week seven points adrift of manchester city .
kevin pietersen returned to nets at surrey on monday for the first time since resigning for the county last month . the 34-year-old posted a picture of the pitch with the caption : ` in the office today . # oval ' . he is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against oxford mccu on april 12 .
juan arango sank his teeth into jesus zavela 's shoulder as his temper flared in the defeat by monterrey in the mexican league . the venezuelan icon was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban . arango spent 10 years playing in europe , spending five seasons each at real mallorca in spain and borussia monchengladbach in germany .
barcelona beat celta vigo 2-1 in la liga on tuesday night . neymar , dani alves and adriano scored the goals for the catalans . jeremy mathieu admits his side were poor in the match and blamed the internationals for the loss .
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal in the premier league on saturday . mamadou sakho tweeted a picture of him alongside steven gerrard . the liverpool defender is well known for his charity work away from the football field . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
ander herrera scored a brace against aston villa on saturday afternoon . the manchester united star appears to have his eyes closed . herrera 's eyes were wide open when he struck an impressive first-time shot against yeovil in the third round of the fa cup back in january .
andre-pierre gignac opened the scoring for marseille after half an hour . zlatan ibrahimovic doubled psg 's lead just two minutes later . marquinhos equalised for the visitors in the second half . blaise matuidi made it 2-1 with a superb curling effort .
isis fighters can be seen hammering and drilling away at sculptures and stone slabs believed to be some 3,000 years old in the ruins of the ancient city of nimrud . the seven-minute expertly edited video purportedly shows isis destroying the relics before bulldozing and blowing up the ruins , completely obliterating the historic site .
the orlando eye , part of a new entertainment complex , will offer views of central florida from inside 30 enclosed , air-conditioned glass capsules when it opens to the public on may 4 . wallenda previously walked atop a ferris wheel in santa cruz , california , but he said the size of the much larger orlando wheel and the fact that he will not use a pole sets this stunt apart .
surveillance footage at neely 's grog house in port st lucie shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders on sunday night . the man had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card . but he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer .
the unnamed child from medina , ohio , gave out $ 100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend 's house after school , police said . the group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway , which began last wednesday at the town 's claggett middle school .
the newborn cubs were discovered by a woman passing the car park . when she peeped inside she saw seven baby foxes -- thought to be only 10 days old -- sitting together . three of the rescued red foxes were taken to the pocono wildlife rehabilitation and educational center in stroudsbury , pennsylvania .
liverpool and newcastle face each other in the premier league on monday . the club 's stadium redevelopment is now well under way . steel structures for the new main stand are now taller than the existing structure . work on the main stand will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season with 9,000 seats to be added .
camilla kerslake , 26 , showed off more than she bargained for in her backless gown at the olivier awards with mastercard in london . despite being accompanied by chris robshaw , the cameras were firmly trained on the singer . ` pre-engagement ' is a growing trend , with thousands of couples choosing ` promise ' rings ahead of a formal proposal .
nigel de jong opened the scoring for ac milan against sampdoria . nutmeg philippe mexes doubled milan 's lead in the second half . roberto soriano equalised for the hosts just before the hour mark . emiliano viviano made it 2-1 with a stunning overhead kick .
chris lane , 22 , was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun on august 16 , 2013 . lane 's parents , peter and donna lane , are scheduled to be called as witnesses . if found guilty , lane faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release .
matt kemp made an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife lela radojkovic during an episode of sbs ' heat in the kitchen . the 44-year-old said he would work himself into a ` frenzy ' because of his uncontrollable rage . ' i would be doing so many things that my head would explode - you ca n't clone yourself , ' he said . kemp said he missed out on a lot of their childhoods .
a 75-year-old man has been bitten by a crocodile at the palmer sea reef golf course at port douglas in far north queensland . the elderly man drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the 1.2 metre reptile ` nipped ' him . the victim received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf .
gonzalo castro scored one of the goals of the season but it was n't enough as david moyes ' side had to settle for a share of the spoils in san sebastian . deportivo la coruna midfielder jose rodríguez appeared to handle the ball in the box with referee pedro jesus perez pointing to the spot . real sociedad midfielder sergio canales fired home at the second time of asking to even up the
the daily share illustrates the prevalence of this ` women 's tax ' to shocking affect by directly comparinga variety of different products and services aimed at men and women . even when the products or services are exactly the same for both genders , the facts prove than gender bias is more than just offensive , it 's also very expensive .
josi harrison , laura lefebvre , and hailey walden are two of three girls who have won a civil claim against clatskanie middle school in oregon . it marks the end of a six-year case , after the teenagers first reported their ordeal to officials at the school . they claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones . after sending one , they were blackmailed into sending more .
jordan spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round . the 21-year-old carded a double bogey on the 17th but still set a new 54-hole scoring record at the masters . masters specialist phil mickelson will start five behind spieth .
warning : graphic content . eric harris , first by car then on foot , in tulsa , oklahoma , on april 2 after he fled during a sting operation in a nearby parking lot . once they catch up to harris ,""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
didier drogba is yet to be offered an extension on his current 12-month deal at stamford bridge . the ivorian made a shock return to chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012 . but the 37-year-old insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season .
martin tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years . he is of course referring to the seven goal thriller at anfield on april , 1996 , which saw the two premier league hopefuls slug it out in order to close the gap between themselves and leaders manchester united . despite sir alex ferguson 's man united finishing top of the pile at the end of the season , the game still firmly holds a place in tyler 's personal archive .
inter milan have opened talks with manchester city about stevan jovetic . the serie a club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward . but city are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis . inter are unlikely to turn lukas podolski 's loan move from arsenal into a permanent one , leaving roberto mancini in the market for a wide forward .
wolfsburg are showing an interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . mexico international has endured a frustrating season on loan at real madrid . southampton , lazio , stoke city and west ham are also interested in him . juventus are looking to offload fernando llorente while carlos tevez could return to boca juniors .
santi cazorla has said he is happy to stay at arsenal despite interest from atletico madrid . the spanish midfielder has scored seven goals and provided eight assists in 29 barclays premier league appearances this season for the gunners . the 30-year-old has been linked to a return to his homeland with atletico .
mario gomez has been linked with a move to barcelona in the summer . the german ace insists he is content with life at fiorentina . gomez played for stuttgart and bayern munich before leaving bayern . the 29-year-old has scored four league goals so far this season .
pedro has started only 12 league games for barcelona this season . the 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the club this summer . pedro admits it is difficult not playing an important part for the club . the spaniard says it is normal for a player not featuring regularly .
celtic manager ronny deila will try to persuade jason denayer and manchester city to extend the centre-back 's loan deal . denayer made his full international debut in belgium 's 1-0 european championship qualifying victory in israel on tuesday night . the 19-year-old also faces competition from kompany at city , and deila would welcome another season-long loan arrangement .
raymond billam , 40 , claimed he was severely disabled due to back and knee problems . but fraud investigators secretly filmed him taking to the pitch for a sunday league team after being tipped-off about his fraudulent claims . grandfather-of-four admitted benefit fraud and was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years .
the new chief executive of rotherham council could be paid up to # 40,000 more than the outgoing boss . he left in december after a council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16-year period . hr chief phil howe said he was uncomfortable with the idea .
brett anthony o'connor has been free on bail since march . he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in sydney more than 25 years ago . the former child safety officer with education queensland has been charged with four counts of indecent assault involving a child under the age of 16 . the magistrate has refused to ban the media from naming him during his trial .
liz the bearded dragon , who lives with owner shannen hussein , 21 , on her hobby farm in melbourne , is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime . to which the reptile responds with a definite nod of her scaly head , which sees liz nod her head in agreement once again .
arsenal won their eighth premier league game in a row on saturday . chief executive ivan gazidis says the club will ` keep pushing ' chelsea . he says the premier league is ` going to become more competitive which is going to be more challenging for clubs like us ' .
chelsea could move for atletico madrid centre back miranda in the summer . the club 's technical director michael emenalo travelled to spain on saturday to watch the defender during atletico 's 2-2 draw with malaga . miranda has one year left on his contract and atletico are reportedly keen to cash in this summer .
a handful of manchester city fans were ejected from old trafford for allegedly mocking the munich air disaster during sunday 's 4-2 derby . stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy . a total of 23 people perished after a plane carrying matt busby 's talented young side crashed during a take-off attempt from munich after refuelling following a european cup clash against red
chelsea beat queens park rangers 3-2 at loftus road on sunday . thibaut courtois has struggled in previous weeks and his error led to a goal for hull on march 22 . the belgian has also faced criticism for failing to keep out charlie adam 's 66-yard strike against stoke .
zarina diyas and heather watson were the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the family circle cup in charleston . british number one watson gave up 14 break points and lost her serve seven times en route to a 6-3 4-6 7-5 defeat to croatian teen donna vekic . irina-camelia begu , seeded 13th , required two hours and a second-set tie-break
novak djokovic beat andy murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the miami open final . the serbian world no 1 has lost his last seven matches to the serb . the 27-year-old has won the last seven miami olympic games .
lewis hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for sunday 's chinese grand prix . ferrari and sebastian vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season with the team 's first victory for almost two years at the last race in malaysia . many people expected another dominant mercedes campaign in the wake of last season 's crushing success and thoroughly convincing win in the opening race in australia .
glasgow warriors face cardiff blues at scotstoun on friday night . al kellock and dougie hall have played nearly 300 matches between them . each have a maximum of six outings left of their distinguished professional careers . hall admits it will be a strange feeling hanging up his boots for good .
stephen curry entered the game four shy of his mark of 272 three-pointers , which he set two years ago in the season finale at portland . he hit six before halftime and eight overall , teaming with fellow splash brothers star klay thompson to bring the warriors back from 13 points down . elsewhere , pau gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds and chicago bulls easily wiped out a 19-point halftime deficit to deal a huge blow to miami 's playoff hopes .
san antonio beat houston rockets 110-98 on wednesday . defending champion spurs moved onto the tail of houston and also memphis , which drew level with the rockets atop the division by inflicting new orleans ' heaviest defeat of the season . cleveland secured both the central division title and no. 2 seed in the conference by defeating milwaukee .
reanne evans faces ken doherty in her first qualifier . the 29-year-old from dudley would be the first woman ever to reach the crucible . evans is aiming to make history and reach the world championship finals . click here for all the latest world championship news .
cleveland cavaliers small forward lebron james says he would pick himself for mvp if he could when a new set of nba awards are presented this summer . james scored 21 points with nine rebounds and eight assists for the cavs in their 104-99 victory against the milwaukee bucks .
liam stewart is the son of rock star rod stewart and model rachel hunter . the 20-year-old forward had been included in new head coach pete russell 's 23-man party for the world championship in holland next week . stewart sustained a shoulder injury during spokane chiefs ' western hockey league play-off series against everett .
david meyler was sent off against swansea on saturday . the hull midfielder suffered ligament damage and faces six-week lay-off . angel rangel will return to the side to face everton in saturday 's premier league encounter . click here for all the latest hull city news .
stuart armstrong completed a move from dundee united to celtic during the january transfer window . the 23-year-old was left crestfallen as he watched the perth side celebrate their own slice of history on the parkhead turf . armstrong admits that a title party would represent a green day to banish the blues that still hang over his head from a year ago .
billy mcneill won nine consecutive league titles , seven scottish cups , six league cups and , of course , he was the first british team captain to lift the european cup in 1967 . the statue will be positioned on the recently opened celtic way . it will represent a man who is synonymous with the club and someone who represented them with true distinction as both a player and manager .
newcastle face liverpool at anfield on monday night in the premier league . john carver says his players have a point to prove when they face the reds . newcastle were beaten in last weekend 's tyne/wear derby by jermain defoe 's stunning volley .
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove when they face liverpool on monday night . the magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form . carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from .
liverpool are watching monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia . the 22-year-old was one of the most coveted players in europe . real madrid , manchester united , juventus and paris st germain were all keen . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
real sociedad remain hopeful of singing burnley striker danny ings . the 23-year-old has interest from borussia monchengladbach . ings ' contract at burnley expires in the summer . click here for all the latest liverpool , manchester city and manchester united news .
gareth bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for wales against israel . the welshman returns from international duty to a less than appreciative fan base . cristiano ronaldo and co prepared for their first match back after the loss to barcelona that saw them fall four points behind the la liga leaders .
atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league final on tuesday . fernando torres believes coach diego simeone 's weaknesses have been the key to their success as they seek revenge against the spanish giants . the argentine scored his first ever league own goal during the 2-2 draw with malaga on saturday .
sergio aguero scored his 99th goal for manchester city in the 89th minute against qpr at old trafford on sunday . the argentine 's tremendous feat of scoring 100 goals in just 158 appearances should be cause for celebration . the man who takes his nickname from a cartoon character had city fans believing in fairy tales when he feigned a shot to open up space before firing home probably the biggest goal in the club 's long history . there was no cause for celebration
lazio beat empoli 4-0 in the serie a clash at the stadio olimpico . stefano mauri took a fourth-minute lead with miroslav klose adding a second . antonio candreva and felipe anderson plundered further goals to ensure an eighth straight league win for roma .
england full back mike brown is knocked out in a collision with italy 's andrea masi in the six nations last month . brown has not played since the final round of the rbs 6 nations on march 21 . the 29-year-old is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in dubai .
jamie peacock broke his try drought with a double for leeds . the 37-year-old rhinos prop had not scored a try for almost 12 months . salford 's last home win against the rhinos was a 21-12 regal trophy victory at the willows in november 1993 .
wakefield wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats . coach james webster explained how tough his club were finding life after their first utility super league thrashing by warrington wolves . the wildcats now face a challenge cup tie against championship outfit halifax on friday night .
manchester united beat manchester united 4-2 in the manchester derby . sergio aguero opened the scoring for the red devils before ashley young , marouane fellaini , mata and chris smalling doubled the lead . united were by far the better team to tighten their grip on third spot in the premier league .
rory mcilroy heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career . only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .
diego costa limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury in chelsea 's 2-1 win over stoke city on saturday . the spain international has been told he will miss just over two weeks . costa is likely to be fit to face arsenal in what could prove a key game in the title run-in .
camilo villegas holed out on the fourth and eighth as he finished alongside kevin streelman on five under par , only to find water on the eighth when he played it again as the third play-off hole . streelman therefore became the latest player to be saddled with the ` curse ' of the par-three champion , with no player ever becoming par-five and masters champion in the same year .
tiger woods was spotted dancing while practising on the practice ground at augusta national . the former world no 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music while honing his game . woods may be a four-time masters champion but he has not played competitively since the first week in february .
marc leishman has withdrawn from this year 's competition to be with his wife . his wife audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection . masters chairman billy payne has ruled out starting a women 's masters despite talking about growing the game .
manchester city suffered their fifth defeat in seven matches . manuel pellegrini leaves the etihad stadium at the end of the season . the chilean has always provided a welcome contrast to the emotional stresses of life epitomised by his predecessor roberto mancini . the identity of the manager represents only a small part of the problem .
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at the etihad on monday night . eliaquim mangala joined from porto in august last year and is contracted to city until june 2019 . glenn murray cost palace nothing when he joined from brighton in 2011 .
john stones was the shock name on barcelona 's shopping list of central defenders last summer . barcelona ended up signing 31-year-old jeremy mathieu from valencia for # 14.5 m and thomas vermaelen from arsenal for # 15m . the catalans were desperate for defensive reinforcements at the end of last season .
everton midfielder james mccarthy believes ross barkley is capable of handling the pressure on him . barkley was withdrawn with 20 minutes to go at goodison park . the toffees beat southampton 1-0 in their premier league clash on saturday . mccinez 's decision to replace him was greeted with disagreement and boos .
everton beat southampton 4-1 at goodison park on saturday . roberto martinez has rejected accusations stubbornness prevents him from adapting his tactical approach . the spaniard has come in for criticism for persisting with trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently .
romelu lukaku has had some big claims made about him by his new agent mino raiola . southampton have scored just five goals in nine games since the start of february -lrb- 0.55 per game -rrb- . roberto martinez insists he is not worried about the belgian striker .
harry kane has hit 29 goals in 44 games for tottenham so far this season . eden hazard has been chelsea 's outstanding performer , scoring 17 times . manchester united 's jose mourinho is the man to beat in the premier league . sportsmail runs you through the six leading contenders .
tottenham will travel to malaysia for a post-season friendly . harry kane could miss the under 21 european championship . spurs manager mauricio pochettino has expressed fears about the 21-year-old striker with the fa in talks with tottenham officials .
willian wants his team-mates to take confidence from saturday 's win . chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the premier league table . jose mourinho won two premier league titles with the blues during his first spell at stamford bridge . willian played a part in remy 's winner against mark hughes ' side .
chelsea beat stoke city 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday . cesc fabregas was caught in the face by charlie adam 's flailing arm . the former barcelona midfielder was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing tussle with adam .
bafetimbi gomis scored twice in swansea 's 3-1 win over hull on saturday . the frenchman has scored four goals in his last six premier league games . the ea sports ppi is the official player rating index of the premier league . it measures a player 's contribution to the success of his team .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on january 10 . louis van gaal 's side are now fourth in the premier league table . wayne rooney 's stunning strike had seen united leap above manchester city in the table for the first time since november 2013 . the dutchman believes city 's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth spot .
manchester united duo marcos rojo and angel di maria appeared in manchester united 's 3-1 win over aston villa on easter sunday . rojo sat next to his wife and daughter while sitting on a private plane . the duo sealed moves to old trafford during the summer transfer window .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in their premier league clash at old trafford on saturday . wayne rooney scored his sixth goal in eight games for the club since being moved back up front . rooney put united 2-0 ahead on 79 minutes as he crashed home the red devils ' second with his right-footed strike .
liverpool face blackburn in their fa cup quarter-final replay on wednesday . philippe coutinho says winning the fa cup would save their season . the liverpool midfielder started liverpool 's 4-1 thumping at top four rivals arsenal on saturday afternoon . click here for liverpool transfer news .
alan pardew could be a candidate for manager of the year with his record at newcastle and crystal palace . the englishman beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night . pardew 's former club have since plummeted in the premier league while palace now find themselves threatening the top half .
liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup quarter-final on wednesday . brendan rodgers is considering recalling dejan lovren for the game . lovren has been out of the liverpool team recently but could return . emre can and martin skrtel both suspended for the match .
former liverpool forward made the claim before brendan rodgers ' men lost 4-1 to liverpool at the emirates on saturday . bt sport pundit michael owen believes there should not be a debate about whether raheem sterling is more talented than mesut ozil .
bastian schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury during bayern munich 's 1-0 victory over dortmund in the bundesliga on saturday . the germany captain missed the opening four months of the season with a knee injury , only making his first start in december . reserve goalkeeper tom starke ruled out for four weeks with an ankle ligament tear in training .
bayern munich travel to in-form bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-final on wednesday . the bavarians are eager to repeat their 2013 treble-winning campaign as the season enters its final stretch . goalkeeper manuel neuer made a spectacular save in stoppage time from a marco reus free kick to ensure the three points .
robert lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to bayern munich as pep guardiola 's side restored their 10-point lead at the signal iduna park . roman weidenfeller saved thomas muller 's original effort bu the ball fell kindly to the poland striker .
gary hooper came off the bench to snatch a dramatic stoppage-time winner against bolton . former celtic striker hooper had been a transfer target for neil lennon earlier in the season . norwich remained second in the championship after beating bolton 3-1 . hooper 's winning goal was a double blow for the ulsterman .
darren bent pounced in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for derby . derby went into the game knowing they needed to win to keep their slim hopes of automatic promotion alive and tom ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes . bent grabbed his 10th goal for the rams after putting his side ahead .
wigan drew 2-2 with fulham in their premier league clash on friday . gary caldwell admitted his first taste of management was ` crazy ' . the latics may be heading for relegation but they proved they are ready to go down fighting after twice coming from behind to snatch a point at craven cottage .
watford striker troy deeney is regarded by many as the best striker outside the premier league . the birmingham-born striker won the championship 's player of the month award for march . he believes he can follow in the path of charlie austin and danny ings by becoming a premier league hit .
saido berahino is likely to be away with gareth southgate 's england under 21 side in the czech republic until late june . west bromwich albion were open to bids of # 20million for the striker in january and the 21-year-old has said he would leave to fulfil his desire to play in champions league football .
tony pulis is adamant that chairman jeremy peace will sell the club to someone who wants to invest heavily . peace is open to selling west brom for # 150million as long as a suitable custodian can be found by july . peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in america , china and australia with some parties already having a tour of the club 's training ground facilities .
nigel pearson insists leicester have no margin for error in their relegation fight . the foxes go to west brom on saturday bottom of the barclays premier league and six points adrift from the survival line . but pearson knows that they can not afford any further slip ups .
neymar was substituted by luis enrique during the 2-2 draw at sevilla . the brazilian star was replaced with the score at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play . neymar has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season . real defender pepe calls for intensity and humility .
santi cazorla played with mateo musacchio for villarreal before joining arsenal . the argentinian fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side 's 1-1 draw at getafe on sunday . the 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in madrid .
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini says academy players are not ready to step into his first-team squad . the fa chairman greg dyke is pushing for the figure to be raised to 12 . liverpool 's raheem sterling spoke about his unwillingness to agree a new contract at anfield .
tracey neville is phil neville 's twin and i ask her which of them , back on january 21 , 1977 , emerged first . it might explain why it is tracey who has risen to the rank of national head coach first , taking england 's netball team to this summer 's world cup in australia . tracey was parachuted into the top job on an interim basis last month and will select a squad of 12 for the tournament in august .
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal 's side took a firm grip on third place in the premier league . marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling scored for the red devils . united could have considered seven points a good result .
kenny miller fears rangers ' promotion bid could be derailed by ibrox side 's rollercoaster run of form . rangers suffered the first defeat of stuart mccall 's six-game reign on thursday night . gers remain behind the easter road side in third place on goal difference .
england beat competition leaders south africa 21-14 in the tokyo tournament on sunday . phil burgess , charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored the tries in the final for the english . the england victory is their first since the wellington sevens in february 2013 .
jake drage sang a children 's song for reporters as he left a west java jail nine months after he was put behind bars . the 23-year-old surfer , who was taken into custody in june last year , said he can not wait to get back in the water . he said his time in prison was ` like a yo , all up and downs ' and that his release had not sunk in yet .
the restaurant 's owner is never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible . wing 's has been ` recommended in the mitchelin guide for the past eight years ' . the class of '92 -- gary and phil neville , ryan giggs , paul scholes and nicky butt , minus david beckham -- previously dined there .
mikel gonzalez diverts a corner past his own goalkeeper geronimo rulli who fails to punch it away . antoine griezmann is congratulated by fernando torres , but did n't celebrate against his former club . atletico madrid celebrate after going two goals ahead after just 10 minutes .
cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for real madrid in the 2-0 win at rayo vallecano on wednesday . the 30-year-old becomes only the third player in madrid 's history to achieve the feat and a breakdown of the statistics . the pair are second on the portugal international 's hit-list , alongside getafe .
novak djokovic started shouting at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the miami open to andy murray . during the tirade , the serbian player grabbed a towel from the shocked youngster who was caught up in the crossfire . umpire damien dumusois issued him a warning for the way he shouted at his support team , but there was no reprimand for the manner in which he treated the ball boy .
alexis sanchez put liverpool 3-0 up against liverpool on saturday . the gunners have won seven on the spin in the premier league this term . but this term they are simply the best of the ragged rest , each with their flaws which have made the title tussle something of a ` no contest ' . arsene wenger 's side have not entered the race for the top-flight crown .
jennifer aniston , 46 , works out three times a week with her long-term trainer , mandy ingber . sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning , followed by 45 minutes of yoga . she says exercise , plus meditation , is her ` ultimate stress reliever ' . aniston takes 3.6 kg weights with her .
incident was caught on cctv at nottingham train station 's multi-storey car park . man , wearing a dark jumper , dark trainers and blue skinny jeans , appears to grimace as he lifts the metal barrier on his shoulders . it is not clear if the wanted man was attempting to avoid a parking payment or merely indulging in an unusual form of vandalism .
every one of africa 's 54 member countries will vote for sepp blatter in next month 's fifa presidential election . issa hayatou , president of the confederation of african football , promised unanimous support in his speech to open caf 's annual congress in cairo . with 54 of the 209 fifa member countries eligible to vote in the presidential election in may , africa is the largest of the six continental confederations .
former footballer gary mabbutt , 53 , was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find the leg had gone cold back in 2013 . doctors warned him it was ` touch and go ' on whether the leg would have to be amputated . he was treated at king 's college hospital in south east london .
danielle jones , 33 , stopped by couple 's wedding reception to sing ' a million love songs ' as a wedding gift . bridesmaids kirsty miles and becky young had contacted the singer three months ago to ask him to perform at their best friend 's . it came after the singer announced on twitter that he would surprise three wedding parties throughout the year .
kim sears has perfected her pristine style over the years . she is renowned for championing british designers and has the ability to sell out items immediately after she 's worn them . kim 's often seen sporting chic outfits from the likes of victoria beckham and burberry when the occasion calls .
deanna robinson , of quinlan , texas , was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents ' home . she said deputies and state workers from child protective services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and her husband .
tiger woods , 39 , was pictured hugging sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , during the second day of practice at the augusta national golf club , georgia . the former world no 1 recently dropped out of the world 's top 100 rankings for the first time since september 1996 .
amanda peake glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who 'd only one month before had completed the myrtle beach marathon . her husband , benji , is , no doubt , the most shocked of all . blocker says benji was just behind his wife of nine years in the palmetto half marathon .
cara lee-fanus was rushed to st peter 's hospital in chertsey , surrey . but died from a head injury the next day despite best effort of medical teams . mother , kirsty lee , 25 , appeared at guildford magistrates ' court today . pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing death of a child .
richie benaud , the cricketing legend loved by millions has been laid to rest far from public view at a small private funeral in sydney 's eastern suburbs . the 84-year-old former test captain and internationally renowned cricket commentator was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife , daphne . when his funeral service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they did n't know the location .
diyd tv , an independent network , fears the video launching clinton 's white house bid may fall foul of putin 's ` gay propaganda ' laws . clinton has said he was overjoyed to be part of the clinton roll out - and part of a large-scale change in u.s. social attitudes .
real madrid and real madrid could n't be separated in the champions league quarter-final showdown on tuesday . jan oblak blocked everything in the first half as a wind-assisted real looked like putting the tie beyond doubt in the second half . juanfran 7 - a rare slip early on let bale in but he failed to punish the uruguayan and he recovered well to marshall the team to another clean sheet against the european champions . diego godin
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 in the champions league quarter-final first leg at the vicente calderon on tuesday night . carlo ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance at the bernabeu next week . cristiano ronaldo is thwarted in his attempt to open the scoring .
birmingham drew 2-2 with blackburn at st andrew 's on tuesday night . demarai gray was on target for the second successive game . the hosts twice came from behind to salvage a share of the spoils . blackburn captain matt kilgallon had put rovers ahead after eight minutes .
sheffield wednesday beat brentford 1-0 in their championship play-off . kieran lee 's second-half goal was the only goal for the home side . both sides managed to work themselves into good areas but could not produce the final pass to create clear-cut scoring opportunities .
jake hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench to keep the pilgrims on course for a place in the conference north play-offs . it put a smile on the face of chloe lewis , his on-off girlfriend in the popular essex-based itv show .
barcelona face chelsea in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday . luis enrique has played down neymar 's angry reaction to be substituted . the brazil forward was substituted in the 2-2 la liga draw at sevilla . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
newcastle midfielder rolando aarons has suffered another injury setback . the 19-year-old was in contention to play for the club 's under-21s against derby . it is understood he has succumbed to injury once again . head coach john carver has seen his side defeated in each of its last five premier league games amid a suspension and injury crisis .
the 44-year-old , named by locals as donna christie , slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday afternoon . she is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres above sea level . her friend raised the alarm and it took two hours for police , paramedics and the lithgow volunteer rescue squad to rescue the woman .
the 38-year-old starred in the bbc comedy limmy 's show , revolted his many followers after he uploaded the seven-second clip . during the clip , limmy keeps a manic grin on his face as the spider walks out of his mouth and along his cheek . in what has been described as a self-imposed ` bushtucker trial ' limmy commented ` sweet dreams ' to his fans .
dane bouris appeared at waverley court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty . he was arrested at his watsons bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend , alexandra dankwa . the 22-year-old started her career as child model for grace brothers , samsung and hasbro .
in a survey conducted by direct line , 2,005 adults in the uk cited not being able to sleep as the thing that stressed them out the most . sleepless night were the top occurrence , with almost half -lrb- 46 % -rrb- of brits citing that this causes anxiety .
rose devereux , 49 , was left in agony and disfigured after years of treatment . general dental council has investigated the work of janakan siva at the menlove dental practice in allerton , liverpool . he will now go before a disciplinary committee when the dental practice manager where mr siva worked studied the mess .
the images are thanks to revolutionary technology that allows medics to record the microscopic miracle of life . hundreds of parents are now the proud owners of these embryoscope images , which are also helping scientists learn more about the ivf process . the technology -- developed in the us -- also allows experts to select the best possible embryos based on how they form during the conception process .
chelsea defeated shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in the uefa youth team league final . izzy brown was the star of the show in the final , scoring two goals . chelsea 's under 19 squad celebrate their european victory after an impressive campaign . ola aina joins fans for a selfie after the final whistle in switzerland .
national bar association officials said that officer clarence habersham , 37 , should be arrested for falsifying a report about the actions of michael slager . slager , 33 , shot him five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop . scott , 50 , a coast guard veteran , was pulled over for a broken tail light last saturday .
jared milrad and nate johnson were featured in hillary clinton 's video announcing her 2016 bid for the white house . the pair were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year . milrad 's voice is heard in a voiceover saying : ` i 'm getting married this summer to someone i really care about ' .
lauren hill touched was lebron james via twitter on friday , just hours after she passed away from terminal brain cancer . in the letter , james praised the 19-year-old for the ` leadership ' , ` courage ' and ` strength ' she had shown while suffering from diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma -lrb- dipg -rrb- . james , 30 , who had never actually met lauren , wrote : ` dear lauren hill , you are
city officials are trying to determine what caused bricks to fall nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in cleveland , crushing a minivan that was parked below . cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top of the former national city bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. monday but no one was injured . the building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse , and no injuries were reported .
raheem sterling has rejected a contract worth # 100,000-a-week at anfield . liverpool boss brendan rodgers has insisted that the club will not sell sterling this summer , even if he fails to agree a new long-term contract . sportsmail takes a look at five possible destinations for the england man .
kevin wimmer is a # 4.4 million target for tottenham according to austria manager marcel koller . the 22-year-old austria international defender has impressed the boss of his national team as well as scouts at white hart lane this season . wimmer has admitted it would be a ` dream ' to join a top club like spurs .
manchester city midfielder yaya toure is a dream target for inter milan , according to general director marco fassone . inter are prepared to submit an offer of 60million euros -lrb- # 43million -rrb- for the ivory coast international , who is under contract with the blues until june 2017 . toure has scored seven goals and set up one more in 22 premier league appearances this term for city .
arsenal , newcastle and southampton have checked on caen midfielder n'golo kante . kante is a defensive minded player who has similarities with lassana diarra and claude makelele in terms of stature and style . caen would be willing to sell for around # 5million .
paul scholes says raheem sterling is not ready to sign a new deal at liverpool . former manchester united midfielder says sterling should concentrate on playing every week rather than move to a bigger club and not play . sterling says he does not score enough goals and needs to focus on playing .
valencia left-back jose luis gaya is real madrid 's first choice to fill the left side of their defence next season . the 19-year-old spaniard is a key player for valencia , having played 27 league matches this season . chelsea and manchester city are keen to snap gaya up .
the 41-year-old star has ditched the proposal for a two-storey basement extension under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house . he angered the veteran rocker with ambitious proposals for the 46-room mansion , which he bought for # 17.5 million in 2013 .
erica leeder , 26 , was charged with assaulting a police officer during an altercation at rockingham police station . the mother of three was taken to the station on an outstanding warrant , reportedly during a strip search . leeder faces up to 18 months in jail as she already received a suspended sentence in 2012 for a similar assault charge .
sussex police are hunting owner of ` staffy-type ' dog after girl suffered bite wounds to the face . girl was outside shops with her older sister in brighton , east sussex , when dog attacked her . police said dog was off the lead with two similar dogs - two black and one white .
miracle godson , from marsh green in wigan , was reported missing on friday afternoon after he jumped into deep waters at east quarry in appley bridge . friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers at about 5pm that day . an inquest will be held in due course .
edson cholbi do nascimento , known as edinho , will be the team 's coach . edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang . the 44-year-old former goalkeeper was one of the assistant coaches for santos , the club where his father thrived in the 1960s .
struggling hamburg have appointed bruno labbadia as their new coach . the 49-year-old has also coached bayer leverkusen and vfb stuttgart . hamburg are the only club with a perfect bundesliga record , having played every season in the top division since the league 's creation in 1963 .
spfl clubs are poised to do battle over a late hibernian move to cash in on the premiership play-offs . currently second in the championship , the easter road club stand to make # 1million from anticipated sell-out home gates against rangers . under recently passed spfl rules , however , play-off sides must hand over 50 per cent of their play-out profits for distribution among lower league clubs within seven days .
newcastle remain in the relative safety of 13th place with 35 points . the magpies slipped to a fifth successive barclays premier league defeat at liverpool on monday . john carver insists his side have ` got six cup finals ' left to play . newcastle are just nine points above the relegation zone .
john carver will turn to siem de jong in a bid to save newcastle 's sorry season . the # 6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in february . the 26-year-old was only days away from a return to action following a five-month layoff with a torn thigh muscle .
justin rose produced a fabulous round on saturday to earn himself a place in the final pair with masters leader jordan spieth . phil mickelson and charley hoffman will tee off ten minutes earlier at 19.40 -lrb- bst -rrb- . adam scott is paired with englishman lee westwood and will go out at 17.20 , while last year 's winner bubba watson is in the next pair off with austrian bernd
greg rusedski has supported aljaz bedene 's bid to overturn the itf 's ruling that he ca n't play for great britain in the davis cup . bedene is currently ranked 99 in the world , making him british no 2 behind andy murray and james ward .
novak djokovic shouted at his support team after he lost the second set of the miami open final to andy murray . the world no 1 grabbed a towel from the shocked youngster before umpire damien dumusois gave him a code violation . he has since expressed his regret at the incident in a video posted on facebook .
lewis hamilton was four-hundredths of a second ahead of mercedes team-mate nico rosberg -- ` the blink of an eyelid ' , as he , the german described it . hamilton will start ahead of nico vettel , who won last time out in malaysia . the british driver is bidding for his third malaysian grand prix .
hamilton finished just 0.042 secs ahead of his mercedes team-mate nico rosberg to give the team another front-row lock out . the briton will start third , albeit down by nine tenths of a second on hamilton . hamilton has a record five poles to his name at the track .
daniel ricciardo has urged his red bull team to go back to basics . the australian managed to finish third quickest in practice for this weekend 's chinese grand prix . red bull even found themselves trailing ` sister ' team toro rosso at the last race in malaysia .
op mccoy will ride hot favourite shutthefrontdoor in the crabbie 's grand national on saturday . if the trend continues he will be celebrating another victory in the biggest race of all . there may have been some fortune attached to jezki 's victory as favourite arctic fire fell at the last flight when poised to challenge .
ian bell scored 143 on the first day of the first test against west indies . bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the caribbean in 2009 . the 33-year-old said that thoughts of him losing his place in 2009 was a big motivating factor . bell shared century partnerships of 177 with joe root , who made 83 .
jimmy anderson was presented with a special silver cap after reaching 100 test matches for england . both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute 's silence in honour of great richie benaud , who passed away last week . dave cameron said he needed to convince his team of the worth of playing for their country rather than playing for themselves .
jonathan trott last played a test for his country in november 2013 . he withdrew from england 's disastrous ashes tour with a stress-related illness . this time as captain alastair cook 's opening partner was over almost before it had begun when he nicked jerome taylor to darren bravo .
phil neville , phil neville and paul scholes showed off their netball skills . the thunder filmed a lip-sync version of ` is this the way to amarillo ' . england women 's footballers do keepy-ups with a netball as part of the video .
jonathan brownlee backed up his win in auckland a fortnight ago by taking the gold coast triathlon in the itu series . the yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim , remained at the front during the cycle and then broke clear in the run . world champion javier gomez took third .
roberto martinez will hold talks with kevin mirallas over his future . mirallas was one of everton 's top performers in the first half of the campaign but his form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries . lennon arrived at goodison park on loan and has made a big impression on his manager .
gus poyet had been sacked and dick advocaat was being installed . pantilimon kept his place despite pressure from vito mannone . the 28-year-old was a premier league winner with manchester city in 2012 . sunderland travel to crystal palace in the premier league on saturday .
celtic lost 1-0 at tulloch caledonian stadium in november . ronny deila 's side were held to a draw by caley thistle on saturday . leigh griffiths fired celtic into an early lead in their encounter . but the lead did n't last long , with griffiffiths scoring twice .
celtic face inverness caledonian thistle in the scottish cup semi-final . leigh griffiths opened the scoring for the travelling celtic supporters . but the lead did not last long as the highlanders absorbed the loss of goalkeeper dean brill to a nasty knee injury .
celtic midfielder stuart armstrong has backed under-fire dundee united boss jackie mcnamara to turn around his troubled season at tannadice . since selling prize assets armstrong and gary mackay-steven to celtic for # 2million on transfer deadline day , united have won just once , in a scottish cup tie at stranraer . armstrong yesterday backed his old boss to ride out the most testing period of his managerial career
rangers beat raith rovers 4-0 in their premier league clash on saturday . stuart mccall has warned rangers to be on their guard against livingston . the ibrox side recovered from their defeat against queen of the south as two goals from nicky clark and haris vuckic swamped raith .
rangers beat raith rovers 4-0 in the edinburgh derby on sunday . nicky clark and haris vuckic scored the goals for the hosts . rangers remain level on 61 points , albeit the leith side have the better goal difference . stuart mccall had suffered his first defeat against rangers last week .
newcastle lost 2-0 to liverpool at anfield on sunday night . moussa sissoko was sent off for a second bookable offence . john carver has labelled the midfielder 's tackle as ` indefensible ' . the 25-year-old could 've seen a straight red after he caught lucas on the ankle .
jordan henderson and simon mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night . manchester city have been faltering and lost 4-2 at manchester united . liverpool are four points above them in the premier league .
david ospina has the highest win ratio of any premier league player to make more than 10 appearances . the colombia goalkeeper has won 11 of his 12 games in the league since displacing wojciech szczesny in january . gerard pique made 12 premier league appearances for manchester united .
sandro has defended former manager harry redknapp , saying he is not at fault for qpr 's predicament near the foot of the premier league . the brazilian midfielder branded the situation at qpr a ` soap opera ' and accused people of working against him before he left the club in february . others , including joey barton , blame the recruitment in the summer transfer window and poor work on the training ground .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in the uefa youth team league . the blues are the defending under 21 premier league champions . dominic solanke , will izzy brown and tyros will graduate to jose mourinho 's first-team in the next year or two .
chelsea face shakhtar donetsk in the uefa youth league final on monday . the under 19 side beat roma 4-0 in the semi-finals on friday . adi viveash 's team will start as favourites in the final in nyon , switzerland .
alastair cook was sacked as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous world cup campaign . downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board . kevin pietersen has rejoined surrey in the hope of earning a place in the ashes squad for england this summer .
michael vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the newly created role of director of england cricket . downton lost his job as the england and wales cricket board 's managing director of cricket on wednesday . instead ecb chief executive tom harrison is keen to have downton 's replacement focus solely on performances .
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board . downton was brave enough to make huge decisions in his first 14 months as england 's managing director but the jury is still out on all of them at a time as the clamour for change has grown louder . the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of downton .
team sky 's focus on the grand tours up to now has left them short of riders equipped to win classics . sir bradley wiggins , geraint thomas or ian stannard , ireland 's classics king sean kelly believes the time has come for team sky to break their duck in one of cycling 's monuments . the shift in emphasis has already paid dividends in the early part of the season .
jordan spieth held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round 12 months ago as he looked to surpass the absent tiger woods as the youngest ever masters champion . spieth finished joint second with sweden 's jonas blixt and comes into this year 's event having won his second pga tour title in his next two tournaments .
rory mcilroy , ian poulter , graeme mcdowell and charl schwartzel give the lowdown at the world-famous augusta national golf club . click on the graphic below to get a closer look at what the biggest names in the game will face when they tee off on thursday .
rory mcilroy will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time masters champion mickelson and another mercurial american in moore . the four-time green jacket winner returns to action for the first time since february alongside two stars of last year 's ryder cup at gleneagles .
rory mcilroy could find himself facing record high temperatures on the first day of play - with the mercury expected to reach 90f . players endured rainy spells during their practice on tuesday with forecasts that the wet weather is set continue once the tournament gets underway on thursday april 9 . the typically warm and humid georgia weather is expected to be unsettled by a cold front heading into augusta for the weekend .
brooklyn nets center brook lopez dominated twin brother robin with 32 points and nine rebounds . the trail blazers left lamarcus aldridge and others home for the game that was postponed by bad weather on january 26 . deron williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the nets .
dikembe mutombo , an eight-times nba all-star who was famous for swatting away opponents ' shots and wagging his finger at them , was elected to the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame on monday . mutombo played in the nba from 1991 until 2009 , recording 11,729 points , 12,359 rebounds , and 3,289 blocks during 18 seasons .
san antonio spurs beat golden state warriors 107-92 on sunday . kawhi leonard matched his career best with 26 points . tim duncan had 19 points and danny green added 18 points . stephen curry had 24 points , but was harassed into 9-for-17 shooting .
al horford and demarre carroll scored 20 points each to help atlanta hawks match a franchise record with their 57th win of the season . hawks lost forward paul millsap to a right shoulder injury in the first half . millsap did not return and finished with eight points and five assists .
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace in the premier league on monday . gary neville insists the champions have a ` mentality problem ' . the former manchester united and england defender says they can not sustain success by winning back-to-back titles . neville says city 's average age is the highest in the league at 29 .
chelsea beat qpr 1-0 in their premier league clash at loftus road . cesc fabregas scored a vital winner in the 88th minute . jose mourinho knew the win moved his side one step closer to a fifth league title despite them having to work hard for it .
jolyon palmer will drive in every friday practice session for lotus . the enstone-based marque are providing their test and reserve driver with a number of outings in friday 's first practice session ahead of grand prix weekends . palmer was only 0.6 secs behind pastor maldonado at the end of fp1 .
atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league quarter-final . diego simeone 's side have not lost to atletico in six meetings since the 2014 champions league final before losing to their city rivals . the former chelsea misfit has scored four goals since returning to his former club .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final . carlo ancelotti 's side lost both la liga matches against atletico this season . but marcelo says he and his team-mates are not thinking about the last games against the spanish giants .
roberto carlos claims to find coaching ` very easy ' . the 42-year-old has already worked on the sidelines in turkey with sivasspor and akhisar belediyespor . carlos won the 2002 world cup held in japan and south korea . he thinks it could be why he finds coaching straightforward .
the south has the edge over the north for footballing talent . alexis sanchez and harry kane were the heroes as the southern all-stars came out on top in our simulated match . manchester city hotshot sergio aguero gave the northern combined xi the lead after less than a minute .
barcelona players put through their paces ahead of champions league quarter-final clash with psg . defender adriano warned his team-mates ahead of the game they must be at their absolute best if they are to overcome psg 's star-studded squad . barcelona have already encountered psg twice during this year 's champions league campaign .
barcelona face psg in the champions league quarter-final on saturday . thiago silva says luis suarez and lionel messi are the best players in the world . the paris saint-germain defender says he will face an attack from barcelona . silva believes the home leg of the tie will be pivotal for his side .
real madrid face sevilla in the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday . carlo ancelotti says he is not obsessed with atletico madrid ahead of the game . the spanish giants are unbeaten in six madrid derbies this term . real madrid boss says he did n't see barcelona 's slip on saturday night .
chelsea are in talks over a partnership with belgian side royal mouscron-peruwelz . talks have been ongoing for over a month after french side lille cut their ties with lille . sportsmail reported earlier this month how chelsea were discussing buying shares in the belgian club which is based on the border with france .
lucas moura has singled out lionel messi for special praise ahead of his side 's champions league encounter against barcelona . psg play host to barcelona on wednesday night before facing the la liga giants at the nou camp on the back of winning the french league cup .
zlatan ibrahimovic and edinson cavani both scored twice as paris saint-germain won their first trophy of the season . sebastien squillaci was sent off , and doubled the lead just before halftime . cavani added more luster to the win in the closing stages of the match with a fine header and a cool finish at the end of a counterattack .
medhi benatia could miss both legs of bayern munich 's champions league quarter-final against porto due to a muscle injury . the 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties over bayer leverkusen in the german cup last eight on wednesday . bayern boss pep guardiola has a long injury list to contend with .
fikile mbalula has received assurances from fifa 's ethics committee that it will complete and present a report in june . fifa said as far back as 2011 it had strong suspicions that some of the south african national team 's warm-up games were fixed . no players were implicated , but referees were suspected of working for convicted match-fixer wilson raj perumal and manipulating matches .
rajaasthan royals player was offered money by a state team mate if he followed a ` pre-decided pattern of play ' . the player immediately reported the incident to the indian cricket board 's anti-corruption and security unit . action from the 2012 indian premier league between kolkata knight riders and delhi daredevils .
nikola karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case . the french handball star and his younger brother luka were among a group of players banned by the french league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their montpellier club lost to a struggling team .
stuart mccall admitted being wowed by murray park in the days after he replaced kenny mcdowall . the former motherwell manager was forced to make do with his steelmen stint at dalziel park . the ibrox men will hope to shake that off come sunday when they host raith rovers .
stuart mccall believes bilel mohsni has good defensive attributes . rangers lost 3-0 to queen of the south on thursday night . the ibrox side will attempt to land a premiership place via the play-offs . click here for all the latest rangers news .
gavin reilly opened the scoring for qots in the second half . lewis kidd doubled queen of the south 's lead at the start of the second . derek lyle equalised for rangers with a header in the 46th minute . rangers move up to second in the scottish premiership table .
tim visser was a key player in edinburgh 's dramatic win over london irish . the winger signed a two-year deal at the madejski stadium this month . the scots face twickenham stoop harlequins in the european challenge cup final .
al kellock will retire at the end of the season after a career that truly boasted blood , sweat and toil for both club and country . the 33-year-old admitted that the odds were stacked against him even being a rugby player as he grew up in football-mad bishopbriggs .
kerry hamilton , 34 , had stomach cramps , bleeding and irregular periods . she flew to south africa to volunteer at a lion research centre for a month . a week before she was due to fly home she fell violently ill with cramps . doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball in her cervix . she now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma .
the app was created by london-based developers through facebook 's creative labs . it is available for free on ios and android . friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video to create a collaborative project . for example , one tagged #balancingact features six clips in total and includes a dog balancing a banana on its head followed by a skateboarder , and a woman balancing books on her head . elsewhere , videos can be shared on social networks
steve cotterill will have to wait until tuesday to finish the job of returning to the championship , but almost as importantly they made sure preston would n't make any ground on them in the top two . preston did their job well enough to prevent any late scares in the north west .
american airlines is targeting a younger demographic with the introduction of their new ` indie ' cabin playlists . tracks from hozier and lykke li were also hand selected to be played on board the flights . the change comes on the heels of unfavourable customer feedback about the airline 's previous cabin music .
edinson cavani is a target for manchester united this summer . united are monitoring the uruguayan striker 's situation at paris saint-germain . cavani 's agent claudio anelucci says a stint in the premier league is most likely in the current climate , while a move to spain would also suit his client.
gregory van der wiel says he 's not interested in leaving paris saint-germain . the dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc . van den wiel is making no plans to leave the ligue 1 side . click here for all the latest paris news .
student nasr bitar spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following it in his own vehicle . having figured out the pattern the car was following , nasr parked his car , jumped out and got in position - just in time to take the snap .
jordon ibe pulled off the trademark michael jackson ` moonwalk ' . the 19-year-old has broken into the first team set-up this season . ibe took to instagram to show off his ability to perform the dance move . liverpool face a struggling newcastle in their next premier league outing .
liverpool lost 3-4-2 to blackburn in the fa cup third round . brendan rodgers ' side have lost ground in the race for the champions league . but rodgers insists a drop-off in results is more to do with their own performances than those of their opponents .
england dominated the second day of a farcical match in st kitts . mark wood looked lively in his early spell after he was brought in for his first bowl for england . alastair cook and ian bell finished on 76 for seven , narrowly avoiding handing england a hollow victory .
xabi alonso was left stretching for a pass with his team-mates watching on and ending up falling over . pep guardiola put his players through their paces as they carried out rondo passing drills in training . bayern suffered a shock 2-0 home defeat by borussia monchengladbach before the international break .
samir nasri dined out with girlfriend anara atanes in london on tuesday . manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at selhurst park on monday . manuel pellegrini 's side are now nine points behind premier league leaders chelsea .
the 11-time all star brushed off rough treatment from the chicago bulls as his cavs won on sunday . james shrugged . but the self-titled king james ' talk was n't so tough as he paid a second visit to the dentist 's chair in a fortnight , as shared with his 9.3 million followers on instagram .
kevin davies injured his left hand during preston 's fa cup fifth round replay defeat to manchester united on february 16 . the 38-year-old has been through the wars during his 22 years in the premier league . preston north end striker tweeted a picture of his cut right hand after chainsawing on tuesday .
ander herrera reached the copa del rey and europa league finals in his debut season at bilbao in 2011-12 . the manchester united midfielder says he bares his forename and surname on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons . herrera has forced his way into louis van gaal 's starting line-up .
danny welbeck was spotted arriving at the manchester arena on monday night to watch nicki minaj perform . liverpool full back jose enrique was also in attendance along with team-mates alberto moreno and mamadou sakho . enrique took to instagram to share a few snaps from the night out .
marcos rojo went away during a week off for his club side . argentina international is impressing in defence under louis van gaal . fitness instructor sarah watson claims rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the united star .
jack wilshere played 90 minutes for arsenal 's under 21 side on tuesday night . the england midfielder injured his ankle during the loss to manchester united in november . he has been out of action since the injury that has wrecked his season . click here for arsenal transfer news .
california 's approximately 162,000 inmates serve their time in level iv maximum-security facilities . the gangs rule life behind the cement walls the same way as out on the streets . for those who choose to leave the criminal families behind , the california department of corrections offers a chance at a different way of living on the inside .
roy keane is accused of causing harassment , alarm or distress to cabbie fateh kerar , 44 , near traffic lights in ashley road , altrincham , on january 30 . he did not attend a brief hearing at trafford magistrates ' court on wednesday but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf by his lawyer . the prosecution will call two witnesses - understood to be mr kerar and a taxi passenger - while the defence will call an additional witness .
liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup replay at ewood park on wednesday . brendan rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four . the reds have lost ground in the race for the champions league places . click here for liverpool transfer news .
carlos colina , 32 , is being held on $ 1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body . the remains of jonathan camilien , 26 , including a torso and limbs , were found in a duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology on saturday morning . a witness told the herald how colina started punching a much smaller man all over his body as the man unsuccessfully tried to fight back .
kim min hyeok allegedly stamped on mu kanazaki 's face during a j-league clash . the south korean defender only received a yellow card and was allowed to play . the 23-year-old deliberately committed the horrific foul after being jostled by 11th-placed kashima antlers player kanazaki .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid thrashed granada 9-1 on sunday afternoon . the portuguese star is one of the fittest athletes in the world . he took to twitter to share his celebrations with his many fans . he is now urging his supporters to get themselves into shape .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with qpr . the belgium international has seven goals in seven games under tim sherwood . villa are three points above the premier league drop zone and denied qpr the chance to leapfrog them in the table .
ruby walsh is riding ballycasey in the grand national at aintree . the two-time grand national winner galloped towards the speeding car . the 22-second clip starts with champion jockey ruby walsh saying : ` this is how i 've been getting ready for this year 's grand national ' .
gary mabbutt was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find the leg had gone cold back in 2013 . the 53-year-old 's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb . surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal it . as he is unable to train with players on the pitch , he says he hopes to raise awareness of his condition .
cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from charlie adam on saturday . the chelsea midfielder was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with adam . jose mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of barclays premier league to seven points with a 2-1 win .
arsenal finished fourth in the premier league last season . the gunners are now in fine form and beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday . but the run of form at the start of the season has cost arsene wenger 's side the title . click here for arsenal transfer news .
jack wilshere has been linked with a move to manchester city . the arsenal midfielder has n't played for the first team since injuring his ankle against manchester united in november . the gunners are now ahead of city in the table and appear to be a club on the up , while the men from manchester must rebuild .
rio ferdinand won 81 caps for england , six premier league titles , the fa cup and the champions league . the 36-year-old defender started regularly in the first part of the season but has been unable to hold down his spot in the side . ferdinand and ryan giggs lift the european cup for manchester united in moscow back in 2008 .
chris ramsey 's side drew 3-3 with aston villa on tuesday night . matt phillips now has seven assists in the bundesliga this season . wolfsburg midfielder kevin de bruyne has 17 assists this year . emil halfredsson is one of six players to have laid on goals for qpr .
christian benteke opened the scoring for aston villa at villa park . matt phillips equalised for queens park rangers in the seventh-minute . matt sherwood 's jacket did not survive beyond the first 10 minutes . qpr remain five points clear of relegation danger at the top .
jack wilshere has completed 90 minutes for arsenal 's under 21 side . the england midfielder came through the 4-1 win over stoke city unscathed as he pushes for a return to arsene wenger 's first team . he was joined by mikel arteta and abou diaby in the under 21 premier league fixture at the emirates stadium .
steve parish posed for a picture at selhurst park with alan pardew , england boss roy hodgson and bill wyman . parish posted the picture on instagram , writing : ` great moment for me , ap , the england manager , one of the original @rollingstones @bill_wyman ' . parish will have been casting his eye over a host of english players .
didier drogba took advantage of the glorious london sunshine on tuesday . chelsea striker was spotted talking on his mobile phone in london . the 37-year-old replaced diego costa during the second half of 2-1 win over stoke on saturday night .
franck ribery says his relationship with louis van gaal was ` poisoned ' at bayern munich . the french winger claims the dutchman is a ` bad man ' who loses players ' trust . he also claims real madrid tried to sign him in 2009 , only to be persuaded to stay in germany .
aston villa drew 3-3 with fellow relegation battlers qpr at villa park . tim sherwood scored a hat-trick with seven minutes to go in the game . the former tottenham boss also gave a hug to aston villa mascot hercules the lion during the match .
reigning masters champion bubba watson admits he must ` improve as a man ' after his fellow professionals appeared to choose him as the most unpopular player on the pga tour . watson , who is chasing a third green jacket at augusta this week , got double the number of responses -lrb- 22.6 per cent -rrb- of second-place finisher patrick reed , with rory sabbatini third and robert allenby fourth . w
tim sherwood and chris ramsey met at villa park on tuesday night . sherwood tore his jacket off as he celebrated his team 's goal en route to christian benteke 's hat-trick . queens park rangers led , then charlie austin gave qpr a taste of victory before christian wiped it away .
leeds rhinos have sent full back zak hardaker on an anger management course after a student was left with two black eyes and bruising during a violent incident in february . hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in leeds , but was not charged with any offence . leeds issued a lengthy statement outlining hardaker 's punishment , which will also see him forfeit one month 's salary to a
jenson button believes mclaren now have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix . button and team-mate fernando alonso retired during the race at the sepang international circuit . button is now hoping further steps have been taken going into the race .
aston villa drew 2-1 with qpr at villa park on tuesday night . stan collymore watched his boyhood club claw back a point . the former striker could not contain himself as christian benteke fired home to make it 3-2 in the visitors ' favour .
the image was taken at sebastian inlet state park near vero beach . bailey told wptv the bobcat might have been scared by his presence , since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find . a spokesman for the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission has said she believes the image is genuine .
manchester derby is now one of the biggest match-ups in world football . millions across the globe cram around tv screens to catch a glimpse of the fixture , and its appeal gets greater with each passing season . but just how manchester is the clash between city and united ? sportsmail takes a look at everything local between the two giants .
steven gerrard 's birthday falls on may 30 , the same day as the fa cup final at manchester city . liverpool lost 6-2 to blackburn in the final at ewood park . brendan rodgers faces one of those defining moments in a season that has not lacked them .
wisden editor lawrence booth has launched a stinging attack on the ecb 's handling of kevin pietersen . booth uses his notes to take england to task after a tumultuous year spent trying to recover from the bitter fall-out of the last ashes series 5-0 . english cricket says booth ` repeatedly lost touch with the basic idea that the national team belongs to us all ' .
youssouf mulumbu has picked chelsea wideman eden hazard for the young player of the year award . the baggies player posted an image of his voting slip to twitter on wednesday and asked his followers : ` what do u -lrb- sic -rrb- think ?!ased ? ' . kane has scored 19 premier league goals this term .
monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia is a liverpool target . the 22-year-old has racked up over 100 league appearances for lens , monaco , and even sevilla . he also impressed at the fifa under-20 world cup alongside paul pogba .
big-hearted ipswich town left back tyrone mings has seemingly paid off his mother 's debts in an act of generosity . mings posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his instagram account . his mother thanked him for wiping ` all my debt away for the first time ever in my life ' .
louis van gaal believes manchester united will hit the ground running in their attempt to win the premier league next season . the red devils have turned down offers from asia and australia . the trip will last in the region of 12 days -- a whole week shorter than last summer - and will be over by august 1 .
aston villa striker christian benteke 's hat-trick against qpr was also a triumph for the top-flight 's belgian contingent . the 24-year-old moved belgium into third place for premier league goals this term , making them the third most prolific nation in the division . eden hazard has struck 12 times in the premier league to help jose mourinho 's men to the top of the table .
stuart broad limps out of england 's warm-up match in saint kitts . the groundsmen placed sand on the crease but from the very next delivery broad slipped and went crashing to the ground . england captain alastair cook returned to the action shortly afterwards after the fall .
adidas first designed manchester united 's kits for 12 years between 1980-92 . the red devils ' second strip is predominately white with the iconic three adidas stripes running down the sleeves in man united red . the away jersey is reported to be complemented with black and red shorts and white socks .
money will not play a major part in pep guardiola 's contract discussions , according to board member jan-christian dreesen . bayern munich chairman karl-heinz rummenigge revealed earlier this year that negotiations over a new deal will take place this summer . guardiola has been linked strongly with manchester city in the past .
phil jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate the thai festival of songkran with sponsors chang beer . toffees skipper tucks into a plate of pad thai after learning to cook the dish himself . everton face swansea at the liberty stadium on saturday .
harry dowd was a member of the side who beat leicester city 1-0 in 1969 . the salford-born keeper played 181 games in nine years at maine road . he joined the club as an amateur at the age of 20 in 1958 and carried on working as a plumber after turning professional two years later .
robin van persie has missed manchester united 's last six games . the dutchman suffered an ankle injury in the 2-1 defeat at swansea on february 21 . louis van gaal said last week he did not expect him to be fit for the derby .
fc chernomorets odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship - with their case so severe that relegation and disqualification from uefa competitions is a distinct possibility if they fail to settle their outstanding money owed . the club 's general manager sergey kernitskiy says the houses are valued at around # 67,000 .
ander herrera and juan mata have been in scintillating form in recent games with both bagging braces in manchester united 's last two victories . mata was the two-goal hero during his side 's 2-1 win against liverpool in may with his sensational volley on the hour mark . herrera followed up his compatriot 's achievement with a brace of his own as united stormed to a 3-1 victory against aston villa on saturday .
the unidentified restaurant owner was attacked by the would-be rapist . she let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet . the man tried to grab her - but had a shock of his own when she used her self-defence skills to overpower him .
cesc fabregas broke his nose during chelsea 's win over stoke city on saturday . the spaniard has since travelled to milan to see a specialist . the mask was made by the ortholabsport , an orthopedic centre in milan , and its craftsmen stefano duchini and lucilla pezzoni .
manchester city star met up with more than 100 local schoolchildren for the unveiling of a 64metre mural . players including vincent kompany and gael clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the massive mural . the mural has been inspired by young city fans around the world to reflect the positive influence the game has brought to their lives .
newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club 's next home game against tottenham . a social media campaign has been launched for the match , which will be shown live on sky sports . fans who do n't want to turn their back on the players with newcastle just above the relegation zone have been encouraged to take part in demonstrations .
senad lulic scored a late goal to give lazio a 1-0 win at napoli . holders napoli went into the coppa italia final as favourites after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg of the semi-final . napoli coach benitez was under pressure after his side slipped from third to sixth in serie a .
paul downton has left his role as ecb managing director following england 's shameful performance at world cup . downton was fired by new ecb chief executive tom harrison after a ring-round to each of the 14 members of the governing body 's management board ahead of their spring meeting today . former england captain michael vaughan immediately said he would like to speak to the ecb about the newly created job of director of england cricket andrew strauss .
ernest goult , 72 , is accused of making the gesture at a middlesbrough home game in november . blackburn players markus olsson , rudy gestede and lee williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial about the alleged incident at the riverside stadium .
cristiano ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career against rayo vallecano on wednesday night . the portugal forward netted in the 68th minute to move madrid within four points of their great rivals barcelona . the three-time ballon d'or winner suspended for saturday 's la liga game with eibar .
blackburn drew 1-0 with liverpool in the fa cup quarter-final . philippe coutinho 's last-gasp strike was saved by simon mignolet . jordan henderson believes liverpool will give his team-mates a much-needed lift heading into the barclays premier league run-in .
steven gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay following his red card against manchester united . philippe coutinho came to the rescue for liverpool by scoring the game 's only goal at ewood park to book their place in the semi-final with aston villa . even blackburn manager gary bowyer feels it would be fitting for him to finish his liverpool career .
philippe coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes across the two games . blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time . sportsmail 's oliver todd rated the player 's performances at ewood park .
jack nicklaus was playing alongside gary player and ben crenshaw as the first roar of masters week filled the skies in a sunswept georgia . the colombian followed nicklaus with an ace on the 130-yard hole at augusta national . nicklaus is one of five men to complete the career grand slam , an accolade which favourite rory mcilroy can achieve if he wins his third major in succession .
philippe coutinho scored the only goal of the game as liverpool beat aston villa 1-0 in the fa cup semi-finals on sunday . the brazilian playmaker put in a real all-action display for his team . brendan rodgers revealed henderson told him there was no chance he was missing the fixture once the baby had arrived .
luis suarez was clearly liverpool 's player of the season last season . steven gerrard , daniel sturridge , philippe coutinho and raheem sterling would all have been worthy recipients . but they were not the only contenders . jordan henderson was a big presence .
mamadou sakho limped off early on in liverpool 's 1-0 fa cup sixth round replay win over blackburn rovers . the french defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area . brendan rodgers will be hoping the 25-year-old can return to action as soon as possible .
hector bellerin has emerged as a star player after filling in for injured mathieu debuchy at right back this season . the spaniard scored his second premier league goal , cutting inside and curling left-footed past simon mignolet in the 4-1 win over liverpool last weekend . the 26-year-old has gone on to establish himself as a right-back of some promise .
carlo ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to cristiano ronaldo for diving in the area during their 2-0 win over rayo vallecano . the decision means the real madrid forward could be suspended for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday . ronado appeared to be unfairly cautioned by the referee after he was chopped down by antonio amaya inside the box .
celtic beat partick thistle 2-0 at parkhead in the scottish premiership . james craigen was shown a straight red card for a ` last man ' foul on stuart armstrong . stefan johansen , stand-in skipper , added a second in the 63rd minute .
bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen 0-0 in the german cup semi-final . thiago alcantara scored the winning penalty in the shootout . bayern goalkeeper manuel neuer saved josip drmic 's effort . neuer and thiago acknowledge each other 's contribution .
manchester city beat leicester city 3-0 at the king power stadium . isaac buckley and brandon barker scored for the premier league champions . layton ndukwu had given leicester hope of clawing back the advantage . city will face chelsea later this month before travelling to stamford bridge .
delonte 's martistee , 22 , of georgia and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , of alabama were charged on friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators relating to the incident that occurred between march 10-12 . the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details . the promising track star has been removed from the team .
italian model nina moric , 38 , posted photographs of heavy bruising on her arms on her instagram account which has more than 40,000 users . she was found by her mother in the luxury apartment she shares with her boyfriend in milan . ms moric told her fans that she was recovering at home after being treated in hospital on saturday night .
burnell ` bernie ' mitchell , who changed his name to khalid rashad , arrested . the 61-year-old has also been arrested on suspicion of preparing and instigating acts of terrorism as scotland yard detectives continue to investigate mr arwani 's shooting . the siblings were raised in britain as strict christians , having fled the caribbean .
the storm prediction center , in a midday update to its forecast wednesday , upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - while stressing that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern oklahoma to central missouri . strong storms swamped indianapolis , cincinnati and charleston , west virginia , at midday wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of west texas . fewer than 1 million people were
the banyan tree in guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk . it has captured the attention of locals , who say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure . originally the roots of the tree grew up against a wall , but when the wall was demolished the tree was carefully uprooted to its new location .
fabio capello insists john terry should never have been stripped of his captaincy . capello claims england would be in a much stronger position if they still had the chelsea star at their disposal . the italian was in charge of the national side when terry was accused of racially abusing anton ferdinand in october 2011 .
french climber alain robert climbed dubai 's 1,007 ft cayan tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk . hundreds of spectators looked on as the 52-year-old free-climber scaled the 75-storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees .
martin fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham , the club 's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985 . the official inquiry into the blaze concluded that the fire was an accident , probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand . sir oliver was asked about the new allegations in an interview on bbc radio leeds , where he rubbished mr f
spanish police have killed a man in his 70s who barricaded himself into his home after a night of failed negotiations . the shooter opened fire on the armed police unit that stormed the house at 8am this morning . the 50-year-old man is in a serious condition at hospital clinico in zaragoza after being shot twice in the shoulder with a shotgun .
the canal and river trust in bath have so far removed 150 trolleys from the river bed . divers had already located and harnessed the dumped items before the barge was used lift to the obstructions . it came after the abandoned cars and other objects were identified by the environment agency during a recent survey of flood defences in bath .
first lady ri sol-ju appeared in public for the first time since december . she was pictured clapping next to her smiling husband kim jong-un . the match was being held as part of a series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of kim il-sung , the young leader 's grandfather .
andrew odell tweeted the company a picture of the rodent crawling around inside the packaging of his sliced white bread . when aldi replied he wrote that his heavily pregnant wife claire had already been in touch and that the couple were ` extremely upset ' about the incident . mr odell later complained : ' i do n't think @aldiuk are taking this seriously ' .
the ferocious feline was chasing what was sure to be dinner when it slipped on the icy surface . as the tiger raced towards the bird , it flew directly upwards forcing the mammal to try and stop dead in its tracks . hilarious moment took place at the hengdaohezi siberian tiger park in northeast china .
jordan morris scored early in the second half and juan agudelo added his first international goal in four years as the united states beat mexico . morris , a 20-year-old thought to be the first university student to make the us side in at least two decades , pounced on a ball that ricocheted off mario osuna in the 49th minute and beat goalkeeper cirilo saucedo from close range . it was the third international goal for agud
ricky hatton has been charged with a sexual assault against a girl under the age of 16 . bob shannon , 59 , helped prepare hatton for his comeback fight against vyacheslav senchenko in november 2012 . the manchester-based trainer 's stable includes hatton 's brother , matthew .
ashley young got bird poo in his mouth during manchester united 's top-flight match against swansea in august . luke shaw says the players still laugh at the time young got poo . the left back admits he picks up tips from goalkeeper david de gea .
sir bobby robson 's title-chasing side were found thrown in a skip outside st james ' park where fans were able to spot the disgraceful move by the club . framed squad photographs of sir bobby alongside the likes of alan shearer , gary speed , nobby solano and shay given have been found discarded alongside grass cuttings , cardboard boxes and bin bags . the pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more
jurgen klopp has announced he is to quit borussia dortmund at the end of the season . the germany world cup-winner has enjoyed seven successful seasons at the westfalenstadion . mats hummels has been linked with a summer move to manchester united .
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille in the summer . the ghana international admits he supported liverpool as a boy . ayew 's favourite player growing up was steven gerrard . wolfsburg , borussia dortmund and napoli are also keen to speak to him .
dagenham midfielder joss labadie has been banned for six months . the 24-year-old was accused of sinking his teeth into ronnie henry 's hand during dagenham 's 1-0 win at the lamex stadium last month . it came just 12 months after he was banned for 10 matches and fined # 2,000 for biting chesterfield 's ollie banks while playing for torquay .
second-half goals by mohamed yattara and alexandre lacazette helped olympique lyonnais go top of ligue 1 with a 2-0 home win against bastia on wednesday . french champions paris saint-germain , who have one game in hand , are second two points off the pace . lyon were reeling from their 4-0 defeat in the league cup final against psg last saturday .
fa chairman greg dyke must find # 30million to fund his masterplan . england c , which has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979 , is managed by former barnet boss paul fairclough . the team normally plays only three or four times a season , but some friendly fixtures have attracted attention inside the organisation .
bristol city beat bradford city 6-0 at wembley on tuesday night . the robins became the first team in the football league to mathematically secure promotion from league one . aden flint has played a central role in returning city to the championship after two seasons away .
dundee have vowed to stand by paul mcgowan after he was spared jail for a third assault on a policeman . the 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order which confines him to home between the hours of 7pm and 7am . the dark blues face ronny deila 's night next wednesday night -- before a friday night trip to parkhead on may 1 .
the panel of eight medical professionals will advise the fa on what can be done to make the game safer for players . head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since hugo lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with romelu lukaku in 2013 . recently the jeff astle foundation has been raising awareness of the danger of long-term head injuries from playing football .
police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw bottles at nrl referees during the good friday clash between the bulldogs and rabbitohs . a touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at anz stadium in sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry canterbury fans at the end of the game on april 3 . referees had penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute of
barcelona face psg in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday . lionel messi and neymar have a special relationship according to gerard pique . the spanish giants are in france ahead of their crucial champions league tie against paris saint-germain . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
family of lavall hall , who was black , released 19 minutes of dash-cam video . footage captured from within a police car at the scene shows shell cases flying as a police officer shot the 25-year-old schizophrenic on february 15 . the police department said the officers were forced to shoot because hall ` attacked ' them with ` deadly force ' using the broom .
meet suma , one of melbourne zoo 's aging orangutans who suffers from arthritis . she was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 where she was given daily medication to help relieve the pain . on thursday , amazing photographs were captured of the primate 's thorough health examination by surgeons .
the epicentre of the quake was around four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210 . there was no reported damage or injuries and police and fire departments say there were no problems reported . it came three days after a magnitude 3.5 earthquake hit the west los angeles neighborhood of baldwin hills .
the ebay listing , posted friday , showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of hernandez , 25 , and identifying information , including his height , weight and birth date . the starting price for the card was $ 500 , though there were no bids on the item when the auction was removed on saturday . it is unclear whether the user or ebay staff removed the auction item from the site .
ian drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain . but the 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at blackpool rangers fc where he helped to put up goalposts . he also said he could only walk for two or three minutes at a slow pace .
terry richardson is one of the most famous and most controversial photographers in the fashion industry . in a new interview with vogue kate upton has revealed that the photographer released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission . in the one-minute-long film , kate is seen dancing seductively in a tiny red string bikini - the model says the film was not meant to be for public consumption .
brondby defender daniel agger has been accused of elbowing mattias jorgensen in a hotly-contested derby on monday . the incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials . brondby are second in denmark 's superligaen on 43 points .
youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action . when her back is rubbed , she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds . her owners are heard laughing in the background as they watch her . to date the clip of her singing has been watched more than 17,000 times .
quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake , indiana . the pair caught a bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster . the sound of the fish making impact with the youngster 's face is not dissimilar to a sound effect used in a cartoon .
the curl-crested jay is native to south america and resides at the criadouro onca pintada breeding centre . with the ever-growing presence of human 's in their natural habitats , the bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song .
lewis hamilton says his mercedes contract has been ' a pain in the backside ' . the british world champion is favourite to return to the top step of the podium on sunday at the shanghai international circuit . hamilton has finished in the top three on three other occasions .
robin van persie 's son shaqueel scored a ` scorpion kick ' in his back garden . the seven-year-old has trained with both manchester clubs and starred in a bt sport advert . manchester united forward will reportedly be offered # 5million to leave old trafford in the summer .
anderson took the four wickets he needed to become the most prolific bowler in england 's history in his 100th game with record holder sir ian botham . west indies made anderson wait on an attritional day that was in sharp contrast to the excitement provided by the first of this crucial series . the pair were separated after a last-wicket stand of 38 england had moved to within a run of the score of 400 that should have been their minimum target .
matej vydra 's superb volley helped keep watford on the trail for automatic promotion as they recorded a 2-0 victory over a spirited millwall side . aiden o'brien was a constant menace for the hosts - who had an early penalty shout turned down - but watford were far too clinical .
joao teixeira broke his leg during brighton 's goalless draw with huddersfield on tuesday night . the portuguese starlet was taken to the royal sussex county hospital in brighton after he was carried off on a stretcher . chris hughton has said it ` is a real blow ' to lose the 22-year-old .
jason denayer is wanted back by manchester city for a pre-season assessment . spfl young player of the month for march , 19 , is keen to pursue a first-team breakthrough after making his international debut for belgium last month . ronny deila confirmed that the defender would be missing for the champions league qualifers in july .
a professor in new york invited her 11-year-old autistic son to one of her classes , during which he drew the world map from memory . in the images , the youth is seen kneeling on a chair in order to reach the whiteboard , with his pen held to the extremely detailed map .
borussia dortmund have offered a contract extension to mats hummels . the germany international has been on manchester united 's list of targets for some time but insists he has yet to make a decision . dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke is optimistic about extending his stay .
sebastian kehl fired a spectacular long-distance volley in extra time to give borussia dortmund a 3-2 victory over hoffenheim . earlier , ricardo rodriguez converted a second-half penalty to allow wolfsburg to advance with a 1-0 victory over freiburg . dortmund played without central defender mats hummels and forward marco reus , both injured .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1-0 in bundesliga on saturday . robert lewandowski condemned his former club to defeat in the clash . dortmund coach jurgen klopp says his side lacked punch against bayern . klopp claims bayern created enough chances to win .
chelsea beat qpr 1-0 in the west london derby at loftus road . john terry made the short trip across london to face qpr in the derby . the chelsea skipper racially abused anton ferdinand in october 2011 . terry played the full 90 minutes but how did he get on ?
sunday 's trip to loftus road marks chelsea 's 700th game under the ownership of roman abramovich . mourinho believes the next 700 will see them supply more players for the english national team as they implement his demand to follow financial fair play rules . if the first 699 games under russian rule has established chellsea at the top of english and european football , then the first 700 will be in england .
england women 's championships qualifier against norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake . the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at seaview stadium in belfast . the match resuming with england retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down .
bbc has made light of disgraced presenter jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer by poking fun at it in a comedy programme . the episode was apparently filmed last july , but the narration has recently been tweaked . a bbc spokesman said a ` very small tweak has been made to more accurately reflect recent events ' .
first year students at washington university were practising at creve coeur lake in missouri when the giant asian carp decided to strike . the st. louis freshman men 's crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker benjamin rosenbaum as he walks up the dock to greet them .
goska spent some time volunteering at criadouro onça pintada in brazil and mixed with a number of exotic animals while there . among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar , perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the polish volunteer .
the new york state senator said that a staffer ` accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone ' with a link to google image results for ` susan del percio hot ' . the tweet included a series of seemingly random characters followed by a google search for images of the strategist . klein said that the incident was being ` taken seriously ' .
the 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in pyongyang . footage shows the dictator waving and smiling to the crowds . it is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the north korean dictator , aged 32 . doctors who have examined the photos say it is unlikely he has fractured his wrist .
storm system , which stretches from texas up to the great lakes and down to north carolina , has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring . hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees , as wild weather hit 12 states . strong storms rumbled through the southern plains early on thursday , missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit chicago , detroit and other big cities
yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan . but two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone . he made sure she ate as much as she could everyday , splashing out on meals for yan , 20 , almost every day .
the dual carriageway was shut for an hour after she drove a red peugeot towards southend . some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries . a number of vehicles were involved in a collision between the five bells interchange and the pitsea flyover .
manchester united face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal 's side have beaten tottenham , liverpool and man city . but gary neville believes united have a good chance of beating anyone . the dutchman admits united have played well in recent weeks .
siem de jong played 45 minutes for newcastle under 21s on wednesday . the 26-year-old made way at the break after coming through the first half of united 's 2-0 defeat to derby county at st james ' park . he tore his thigh muscle in september and underwent surgery .
moussa sissoko was sent off during liverpool 's 2-0 defeat at anfield . the france international was given a second yellow card for the offence . head coach john carver feels it should have been a straight red . carver says newcastle can not rely on the shortcomings of others .
newcastle united lost 2-0 to liverpool at st james ' park on monday . jack colback says fans are being left short-changed by the club 's sorry season . the 25-year-old says he is already looking forward to next term . newcastle face spurs in the premier league on sunday .
peter quillin beat andy lee in a 12-round contest in brooklyn on saturday . the irishman failed to make the required 160lbs weight on friday . lee will leave new york with his head held high and a burgeoning reputation firmly intact . click here for all the latest boxing news .
graeme mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par and is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year 's first major championship . the former us open champion said he would never consider not playing the masters despite another frustrating experience at augusta .
rory mcilroy was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday . horan fell while caddying for the northern irish golfer in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta national . the pair will reunite on stage in boston at the end of the summer .
jermain defoe was introduced to the crowd at a wrestling event in newcastle on thursday evening . the 32-year-old scored the winner for sunderland in their tyne/wear derby victory on sunday . defoe agreed a move back to the premier league in january .
martin montoya made his hoop dreams come true by netting a lofted pass from around 30 yards ` downtown ' straight into a basketball ring on the other side of the club 's ciutat esportiva training ground . after the ball drops into the net , a group of watching players applaud while others , including ivan rakitic and javier mascherano , race over to congratulate the 23-year-old left-back . luis enrique 's side
jose mourinho believes he is improving in every aspect of his job . the chelsea boss has won league titles in all four countries that he has managed - portugal , england , italy and spain . the 52-year-old was fined # 25,000 earlier this season after claiming there was a clear campaign against his side after being riled by a number of refereeing decisions .
jose mourinho has sided with arsene wenger in calling into the question the legitimacy of the ballon d'or award . real madrid superstar cristiano ronaldo is the current holder of the trophy . wenger said he was ` totally against ' the award . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
rory mcilroy has recorded a score of 77 or worse on each of his past five appearances at augusta national and admitted it could have happened again . the world no 1 recovered by recording birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71 . the 25-year-old was forced to scramble for par a number of times on the front nine on the par fives and i 'm pretty satisfied with the day 's work .
kevin pietersen took his place on the right of the front row for the surrey team photo shoot at the kia oval on sunday . downton 's sacking on wednesday has paved the way for the 34-year-old to return to the international set-up having been controversially axed by the former managing director in 2014 . it was during the last ashes tour for england in australia last year .
tiger woods had worked so hard on his short game , the other quality needed to take a safe passage through these parts had been forgotten . there has been so much yip yap these last few weeks it was forgotten that woods was becoming more erratic off the tee , long before his chipping went west . woods feels the heat at augusta with the world no 111 struggling to get under par during the opening round .
arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old maxi romero from velez sarsfield . the deal has been held up by red-tape over the make-up of romero 's ownership rights . romero is yet to make his senior debut for the gunners .
sir alex ferguson showed him ` two faces ' during their first competitive meeting in 2004 - the first of a steely rival and the second of a sporting loser . the portuguese sprinted down the touchline in celebration of porto 's last-gasp goal that sealed qualification and a seismic shock . mourinho has attracted controversy like no other manager in the modern game .
england women 's under 19 replay against norway was truly bizarre and unprecedented . leah williamson held incredible nerve to retake a penalty which she ought to have taken on saturday . but instead of ordering her back to the spot , awarded a free-kick to norway . england were given a lifeline when uefa chiefs ruled it should be replayed .
the masters got underway at augusta national on thursday with rory mcilroy bidding to complete a career grand slam . but who are the wives and girlfriends that will be cheering the players on as they make their way round the famous course in georgia over the next four days . here sportsmail brings you the lowdown on a selection of the masters wags .
brad jones , glen johnson and fabio borini were among the local celebrities to turn out as the sun shone in liverpool . philippe coutinho 's 70th-minute strike in the replay with blackburn saw the reds through to the last four in their final chance for silverware . dani lawrence and laura johnson appear to celebrate picking a winner .
michael vaughan will become the most powerful man in english cricket if he is confirmed as paul downton 's successor at the helm of the national team . the former england captain has already held talks with new ecb chief executive tom harrison and is in pole position to become the new director of cricket ahead of andrew strauss and alec stewart .
former world champion ken doherty potted a final black and extinguished , for now , the dream of reanne evans to become the first women player to play the hallowed baize of sheffield 's crucible theatre in the world snooker championship . evans , a single mum from dudley , advanced the cause of women in sport no end and gave doherty the fright of his life in an enthralling and attritional match that wo n't be bettered in
kell brook received a hero 's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd in sheffield on thursday . the world boxing champion is set to defend his title for a second time on may 30 against frankie gavin . chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place .
manchester city face chelsea in the manchester derby on sunday . manuel pellegrini 's side are fourth in the premier league after a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace on monday . sergio aguero wants to put pressure on premier league leaders to win .
danny welbeck scored the winner to knock his former club manchester united out of the fa cup on march 9 . the 15-year-old took to social media after scoring the winner . he posted a vile , racist rant under the username @angeisleftfoot . the tweet continued with sickening references that are too offensive to publish here .
amelie mauresmo was appointed as andy murray 's coach in june 2014 . the 35-year-old won wimbledon and australian open singles titles back in 2006 . she is expecting her baby in august , and the news is likely to overshadow their preparations .
aljaz bedene defeated arthur de greef 6-2 , 6-3 in just 70 minutes . london-based bedene will now face third seed jiri vesely . top seed and defending champion guillermo garcia-lopez held a 6-1 , 4-1 lead .
alex oxlade-chamberlain has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain that has sidelined him since the fa cup win over manchester united on march 9 . arsenal are trying to find a cure for the persistent groin problem . the 21-year-old should play again this season but the fear is that the problem could recur .
jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters . justin rose and ernie els , as the englishman and the south african posted scores of 67 to tie charley hoffman , an american representative of the rank and file . spieth had separated himself from the field to become the youngest first-round leader in masters history with a fabulous run of six
rob green was forced to suffer even more humiliation at the hands of a ball boy during qpr 's 3-3 draw with aston villa on monday night . the 35-year-old mugged off the former england no 1 with a handmade nutmeg . the ball boy , who initially shames himself by slipping over while retrieving the ball , toys with green by pretending to hand him the ball back .
karen sharpe , the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager , defended her son in an interview . she also revealed that his wife , who is eight months pregnant , is devastated . sharpe also expressed sympathy for walter scott 's family , noting this event has caused them both to ` change forever ' .
jenson button crashed into the back of pastor maldonado 's lotus on lap 49 of the chinese grand prix . the incident unfolded in front of fernando alonso who moved up two places . button was given a five-second penalty after the race , which dropped the british driver to 14th .
sport 's propensity to play mind games with protagonists was rarely more obviously stated than after qualifying for the chinese grand prix . nico rosberg will start behind pole-sitter lewis hamilton with sebastian vettel third on the grid in china . the german has now been out-qualified by hamilton at each of the three races this season .
philippe saint-andre will remain in charge for the world cup in england from september 18 to october 31 . he has struggled as head coach of les bleus winning just 15 of his 37 games in charge . the ffr launched the application process to find his replacement on friday .
aviva premiership play-off race will run until the final day of regular league season action . leicester tigers tackle saracens at allianz park on saturday , separated by just two points and two places with only four games left . tigers rugby director richard cockerill believes the title race will go to the wire .
scotland winger sean maitland is leaving glasgow warriors to play in the aviva premiership with london irish next season . it was hoped the 26-year-old might yet return to play a part in the pro12 run-in for warriors after being out of action since january . head coach gregor townsend said he had suffered a setback and has now played his last game for the club .
jason gillespie has been appointed the new coach of big bash league side adelaide strikers . the 39-year-old has been an influential figure at headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in november 2011 . he will begin his role there in december when the next edition of the bbl gets under way .
england bowler jimmy anderson suffered a frustrating day in his bid to become his country 's all-time leading wicket taker in his 100th test appearance in antigua . but pace attack colleague chris jordan believes the anderson family celebration party is ` just around the corner ' as west indies fell to 155 for four in response to england 's first-innings total of 399 . anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of
west indies received an animated pep talk from bowling coach and legendary paceman curtly ambrose . ambrose looked to have roused his charges as they took five for 58 in the morning session . england 's ninth man in chris jordan played out an interesting duel with former barbados team-mate justin holder .
ben stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd test wicket when jermaine blackwood slashed his short delivery straight to alastair cook at slip . but the durham all-rounder 's front foot had crossed the line and the batsman earned a reprieve . it 's not the first time this has happened to stokes , of course .
michael vaughan criticised the footwork and mindset of england 's top three . alastair cook was clean bowled by kemar roach for 11 as england struggled on the first morning . former fast bowler bob willis said opening batsmen are supposed to face the new ball when it 's doing a little bit .
burnley beat burnley 1-0 at turf moor on saturday afternoon . arsene wenger has been praised by burnley boss sean dyche this season . wenger said he hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league . the gunners are currently two points from safety .
everton drew 1-1 with swansea at the liberty stadium on saturday . seamus coleman was awarded a free-kick after a tackle by marvin emnes . but michael oliver deemed his handball deliberate and gave it a penalty . everton manager martinez complained to the visiting fans .
craig dawson is set to return for west brom after serving a one-match ban . youssouf mulumbu was sent off in the game and starts a three-game ban . ben foster is a long-term absentee with a knee injury while callum mcmanaman is not yet fit .
harry panayiotou has scooped the barclays premier league player of the month award for march . the 20-year-old scored three goals , including those in impressive victories against sunderland and reigning champions chelsea . he also netted a hat-trick in his third game for st kitts and nevis on international duty .
newcastle united had more than # 34million sitting in the bank at the end of the last financial year , the club 's full accounts have revealed . the full accounts registered with companies house on monday show that # 38.6 million was transferred into newcastle 's bank account as a cash-flow sum . the revelation has infuriated newcastle fans who claim owner mike ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight .
branislav ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan . chelsea beat queens park rangers 1-0 at loftus road on sunday . jose mourinho refused to be drawn into the controversy . qpr manager chris ramsey condemned the behaviour .
jose mourinho 's side struggled to get into their rhythm and had thibaut courtois to thank , following a series of impressive saves to deny charlie austin and matt phillips . rob green - his dreadful kick led to chelsea 's late winner - dealt with the interchanging hazard and willian and kept at his task admirably . nedum onuoha - strong display from the versatile defender , performed well at the back for qpr and
west brom have honoured the memory of jeff astle on ` astle day ' . the baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 fa cup winning kit . astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59 . west brom usually take to the field at the hawthorns in a white and blue kit .
diafra sakho could be out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury . the 25-year-old came off after 58 minutes of saturday 's 1-1 draw with stoke . the senegal international has scored 12 goals this season . west ham are ninth in the premier league with 43 points .
stuart mccall ordered his side to end their stuttering away form at dumbarton on saturday . rangers have only won once in their last five away matches . myles hippolyte and marius zaliukas trading goals could end up being crucial in the quest to finish second .
stuart mccall expects shane ferguson to be fit and ready to aid rangers ' play-off push towards the premiership . ferguson has not played since his country 's 2-0 european qualifier win over greece in october . the 23-year-old 's knee injury had been expected to keep him out for the season .
shane ferguson was sent north by the magpies as part of a five-man package on the final day of the january transfer window . but gers missed the fact he was carrying a long-term knee injury when they failed to carry out a medical . stuart mccall hopes ferguson can play a vital role in rangers push for promotion to the spl .
the ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims mike ashley 's firm had taken ownership of intellectual property , including the club 's famous crests . however they are satisfied the position stems solely from the loan from sports direct , accepted by the former regime in january . both parties will come together within the next two weeks for talks .
real madrid returned to training a day after the last eight clash with atletico . the fringe players took part in a session at the valdebebas complex . isco and alvaro arbeloa were present alongside regular first team players pepe and sami khedira , who were on the bench on tuesday .
chelsea are seven points clear of arsenal at the top of the premier league . thibaut courtois helped chelsea to the league cup earlier in the season . the 22-year-old has established himself as one of the world 's best goalkeepers . he now wants to win the league title every season .
petr cech has made just five premier league appearances this season . chelsea want at least # 10million for the czech republic international . carlo cudicini feels the 32-year-old would be a good fit under arsene wenger instead of wojciech szczesny at arsenal .
laurent blanc 's side lost 3-1 to barcelona in the first leg of the quarter-final at the parc des princes on wednesday . luis suarez sealed victory for barcelona and placed the catalan outfit into a commanding position ahead of the return at the nou camp on tuesday . psg were also unable to start with david luiz and saw thiago silva hobble off in the early stages .
a memorial service will be held at anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives at hillsborough on the 26th anniversary of the disaster . liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims , alongside fans and celebrities across the sporting world and beyond . fifa acknowledge the anniversary through twitter .
wales have reached their highest ever position in the fifa world rankings by rising 15 places to 22 . inspired by real madrid 's gareth bale , they were the biggest movers at the top end of the list with 153 points ahead of the april rankings . chris coleman 's side have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by terry yorath 's men back in 1993 . england have climbed three places to 14 after beating lithuania in euro 2016 qualifying
jermain defoe was the first player to take part in sunderland 's keepy up challenge . the former tottenham forward set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat before taking the second part of the challenge - keepy ups with a creme egg . defoe admits the joy it brought to a sold-out stadium of light was too much to take in .
lakenya hall , 35 , of kenner , lousiana was arrested after driving six children to a fight where one was shot . it was at that second location that a 14-year-old was shot in the upper thigh . hall was booked on six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace .
luke shaw admits he has endured a ` frustrating ' debut season at manchester united . the 19-year-old joined united last summer in a # 31.5 million transfer from southampton after an impressive campaign on the south coast . shaw has only made 17 appearances in all competitions for united .
charlie adam scored one of the most memorable goals in premier league history as he lobbed chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois from 66 yards on the stroke of half-time . that levelled the scores up at 1-1 , but adam 's wonder strike would end up counting for nothing as stoke snatched a second-half winner to leave stoke nursing a third successive league loss .
charlie adam struck from inside his own half for manchester united against wimbledon in 1996-97 . thibaut courtois was left helpless also his chelsea side eventually went on to win 2-1 . david beckham celebrated the final goal in stoke 's 3-0 win for united .
charlie adam scored 66-yard goal against chelsea on easter weekend . the stoke midfielder is left sprawled on the floor as the ball hits the back of the net . adam scored a similar effort for blackpool reserves against accrington stanley in 2009 . the scot has had a goalkeeper frantically back-pedalling before picking the ball out of his own net .
charlie adam scored one of the goals of his career at chelsea . the midfielder was 66 yards from goal but had the audacity to score what will surely be crowned the premier league 's strike of the season . david beckham did it against west ham last march as did wayne rooney .
west ham united host stoke city at upton park -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . ecuador forward enner valencia available again following toe injury . james tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be in contention again before the end of the season . marc wilson is set to play with a broken hand against west ham united .
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 in their premier league clash on saturday . jose mourinho had to answer questions about cesc fabregas , nemanja matic and oscar as he refuses to shuffle his squad so late in the season . eden hazard was chelsea 's best player , scoring a penalty before charlie adam stunned the hosts with an equaliser from his own half .
robin van persie has missed manchester united 's last six games . the 31-year-old suffered an ankle injury in their 2-1 defeat at swansea . louis van gaal 's side face manchester city at old trafford on sunday . the red devils have won all five of their subsequent premier league matches .
dani alves has been sounded out by manchester united over a move to old trafford . alves will be 32 next month and on # 85,000-a-week he is one of their top earning defenders along with gerard pique . the club are letting it be known they have offered him a two-year deal with an option of a third year depending on the number of games played in the second year .
liverpool host newcastle united at anfield -lrb- monday night -rrb- . mamadou sakho will miss monday 's visit of newcastle with a hamstring injury . martin skrtel and steven gerrard must serve final match of three-game bans .
luis suarez has revealed that he sneaked into the nou camp for a photograph . the uruguayan striker said he once sneaked his way into the camp with his wife sofia for a photo opportunity . suarez scored the winner to send his side top of la liga last month .
mario balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against blackburn on wednesday night . liverpool 's manager brendan rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about the italian striker . rodgers knew jose mourinho considered him ` unmanageable ' .
liverpool beat blackburn 1-0 in the fa cup quarter-final replay . lucas leiva missed all of the games with a serious knee injury . the midfielder is hoping to get his chance in the last-four encounter with aston villa on april 19 . click here for liverpool transfer news .
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 1-0 in the fa cup quarter-final . mario balotelli was not included in the liverpool squad to face arsenal or blackburn . brendan rodgers revealed the striker withdrew himself from the squad on saturday and fell ill on wednesday .
derry mathews ' world title challenge is in limbo after richar abril withdrew for a second time . the cuban was due to face mathews on april 18 in liverpool . mathews may still fight for the title in his home city if the wba strip abril of his belt .
john carver admits newcastle need to look at the ` dna ' of their dressing-room this summer . magpies were beaten 1-0 by sunderland at the stadium of light on sunday . carver 's side face liverpool at st james ' park on monday night .
amir khan believes kell brook has called him out so that he can have the ` one big payday ' which has so far eluded him during his 10-and-a-half year career . brook defeated jo dan to retain his ibf welterweight title last month . khan has instead agreed a bout on may 30 , with his opponent yet to be confirmed .
barcelona beat almeria 4-0 in la liga at the nou camp on wednesday night . luis suarez opened the scoring for the catalans with a trademark curled strike . marc bartra doubled barcelona 's lead with a similar left-footed strike . lionel messi 's opener was one of those fantasy football goals that have become so common place they are now being taken for granted .
sevilla are fifth in la liga ahead of the visit of leaders barcelona . coach unai emery has guided the club to fifth in the table . the basque-born 43-year-old is often seen gesturing on the touchline . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
rory mcilroy was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday . horan shared a photo on social media of him and mcilory before the pair headed out onto the course where the one direction singer was about to make an embarrassing slip . the singer from ireland even got an opportunity to tee off on one hole while tiger woods also played the par-3 contest for the first time in 11 years .
rory mcilroy 's official coronation will come at augusta national on sunday if he wins the masters to complete the career grand slam and consign the tiger woods era to the history books . northern ireland 's world no 1 has won all of his four major victories so far . shorter hitters or those with low ball flight , meanwhile , will be hitting their approach shots from miles back .
fergal o'brien insists last year 's fourth alvarado is going into the race in better shape going into this weekend 's grand national at aintree . the 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season , finishing fifth at doncaster in february . but limerick-born 42 , says that is preferable to 12 months ago .
supermodels like cindy crawford , yasmin le bon and christie brinkley are making their own names in the fashion world . many of the models of the moment have come from supermodel stock - the likes of tommy hilfiger and chanel . the next generation are also getting in on the act .
liverpool and newcastle players took part in a minute silence in memory of the 96 fans who died at hillsborough . the fixture at anfield was preceded by a period of silence from both teams and the 45,000 fans gathered . flowers were also laid at the club 's hillsborough memorial .
porto face bayern munich in their champions league quarter-final first leg on wednesday . julen lopetegui says porto come into the match able to enjoy their achievement of being undefeated . porto were clinical in their last champions league start breezing past basle 4-0 to claim the last-16 tie 5-1 on aggregate .
marc-andre ter stegen arrived at the nou camp from borussia monchengladbach in may but has struggled to get ahead of fellow summer-singing claudio bravo . the 22-year-old has been reduced to champions league appearances but insists he 's ready to become barcelona 's first-choice keeper .
chelsea quartet eden hazard , thibaut courtois , kurt zouma and izzy brown marked the start of the thai new year in a novel way . accompanied with club mascot stamford the lion , the foursome poured water over each other while enjoying a game of kick-ups . the songkran festival is celebrated by thais with the fun activity of throwing water at each other .
tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world . he has insisted that he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it . woods was charm personified by some of the stuff said and written about in the build-up to his 20th masters .
rory mcilroy will carry the northern irishman 's bag in the par-three tournament but keen golfer niall horan looks for a little light relief before his first attempt to complete a career grand slam . one direction released their debut album in 2011 , the same year he won his first major , so you could say they have mirrored each other , hit for greatest hit hit . niall , an honorary member at mullingar , westmeath , and rory might do
gareth bale appears to have picked up a foot injury during real madrid 's training session on tuesday morning . the former tottenham star was pictured taking part in training at the club 's valdebebas training ground . carlo ancelotti 's side face their second la liga game in four days .
brazilian football clubs have been put on alert after a dengue fever outbreak that has already affected some of the country 's top clubs . three players were diagnosed with the disease this week , including corinthians striker paolo guerrero . players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions and clubs have asked health officials to check their training centres for mosquito breeding sites .
psg beat ligue 1 bitter rivals olympique de marseille 3-2 on wednesday . psg will be without suspended zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti . both teams have been meeting regularly in the champions league . barca had reached the semi-finals in 2013 by eliminating psg .
juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league on tuesday . gianluigi buffon says he is not thinking about retiring because he is still playing well . the 37-year-old made three important saves to deny monaco an away goal . buffon joined juventus from parma in 2001 .
rangers will face hearts at tynecastle on may 3 -- 24 hours after hibs and promotion rivals falkirk and queen of the south play . easter road chief executive leanne dempster and hearts chairwoman ann budge have lodged formal complaints with the league . hibernian are upset that rangers ' final game of the season has been pushed back for tv purposes .
andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings . scot confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list when he marries fiancée kim sears in his hometown on saturday . there are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends .
ben flower completed his six-month ban for twice punching lance hohaia in the opening moments of october 's grand-final at old trafford . wigan coach shaun wane says he wants flower back ' a bit more aggressive and a bit fitter ' . flower was handed the second heaviest suspension in the history of super league .
ben flower was handed a six-month ban for his brutal attack on lance hohaia in the super league grand final between wigan and st helens . the 27-year-old is preparing to return to rugby league but he is mentally scarred by the events at old trafford in october . flower feared he may go to prison but promised that he is now a changed man after the incident .
leuluai has not played since the super league leaders ' only defeat at warrington a month ago but coach brian mcdermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed . the 37-year-old prop had feared leuluai could be out for three months if he needed a bicep operation .
robin van persie has 14 months left on his # 250,000-a-week contract . manchester united are understood to be willing to pay the remaining half of a # 10m loyalty bonus . italian giants juventus and inter milan have both been linked with a summer move .
liverpool beat newcastle 2-0 at anfield in the premier league . raheem sterling and joe allen saw off the struggling magpies . brendan rodgers vowed not to give up on champions league qualification . the reds moved within four points of the barclays premier league top four .
cristiano ronaldo pulled off a selection of back-heels and fancy flicks during real madrid 's training session on monday . real looked in good spirits after a successful weekend , during which they cut the gap to la liga leaders barcelona to just two points . pepe claimed the success in the league will give real a boost ahead of tuesday 's champions league final .
the hard-boiled egg is placed in a glass before it is filled quarter of the way with tap water . he then places his hand over the top of the glass , completely covering it . the 28-second video was uploaded in january this year currently has over 16million views on the video-sharing website .
the new ` i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! ' maze at thorpe park resort is now open to the public . new technology and bush tucker trials invite both young and old ` non-celebrities ' to climb through ` pipe of peril ' , crawly corridors and dark caves .
former england rugby star and husband of zara phillips bought horse for # 12,000 at auction . after a whopping # 105,500 payday he tweeted ` holy s *** , i 'm lost for words and emotions ' . zara and mike tindall came second and monbeg dude -lrb- 25/1 -rrb- placed third .
cristiano ronaldo has scored 300 goals for real madrid in just six years . the portuguese forward is just seven goals shy of alfredo di stefano in the club standings -lrb- l -rrb- . he has scored 206 with his right foot , 52 with his left , even managing 41 with his head . but there are other poachers that have formed their goalscoring reputation at one club , including a portugal legend and an everton hero
southampton have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches . ronald koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form . graziano pelle 's struggles in front of goal could see him removed from side . sadio mane is pushing for a recall to the southampton side .
chelsea face qpr at stamford bridge on sunday afternoon . eden hazard is one of the world 's best players after flourishing at chelsea . the pfa young player of the year had been fouled nine times in the first leg of their champions league second round tie .
john carver would walk away from newcastle if the club 's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment . supporters are threatening to boycott the next home game in protest at mike ashley 's running of the club and a perceived lack of ambition . carver said : ` if i did n't have enough belief in what they were trying to do and the promises that they 're saying to me is right ' .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at st james ' park on monday . alan pardew thinks sunderland fans should concentrate on his in-form side . pardew was the first newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats . the eagles are 11th in the premier league table .
former australia captain richie benaud died peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife daphne and family . news of his death threw the cricket world and beyond into mourning as tributes flowed in to a man remembered for his wry sense of humour , expertise and for simply being a ` true gentleman ' . prime minister tony abbott has offered his family a state funeral .
mark hughes is keen to extend the pitch at the britannia stadium for next season . the potters ' current playing surface is the joint smallest in the premier league . stoke have enjoyed an impressive season under hughes and play much less direct than past potters sides . ten clubs currently meet the regulation size at 105m x 68m .
mark selby , john higgins and ding junhui were among a number of players who moved effortlessly into the last 16 of the china open on wednesday . the home favourite and reigning champion in beijing continued to defy a neck injury to sweep aside fellow englishman elliot slessor with a break of 126 in frame four of their second-round clash . mark williams , who was an easy 5-0 winner over scotland 's michael leslie , was
rita , 24 , has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range . the range is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints and lands on may 1 . rita , who is only 24 , is a best-selling singer , actress , beauty buff and one of the world 's most successful stars .
lauren hill , who was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday , had defied doctors ' expectations after they told her she would not live past december . instead , she played four games with her team at mount st. joseph university in cincinnati and raised more than $ 1.5 million for research into the cancer . as her condition worsened , she became an honorary coach and earlier this year , she moved to cincinnati children 's hospital , where she
jose mourinho has coached a whole host of world class stars during his 15-year career as a coach and his picked his ultimate xi . petr cech has become a chelsea stalwart for 10 years . john terry has been in charge at real madrid for the past decade .
a video from the philadelphia office of transportation shows characters such as bubbleman , a ` fashionista ' wrapped in the poppable material and a young man in flashing lights . campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one 's phone , including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year . other safety programs are directed at keeping motorists from hitting and killing pedestrians , the city of brotherly love 's is focused on those walking around the city
vincent kompany is an injury doubt for manchester city 's clash with manchester united on sunday . the chilean centre-half will be assessed on saturday , 24 hours ahead of the clash at old trafford . manuel pellegrini said he is doubtful for the match against louis van gaal 's men .
chelsea stormed into the uefa youth league final following a 4-0 mauling of roma in the semis . dominic solanke scored a brace , before tammy abraham wrapped up the win with a tap in on 83 minutes . chelsea will now face shakhtar donetsk 's u19s in the final .
jonathan trott is set to make his 50th test appearance for england against the west indies on monday . trott was forced to head home to an uncertain future after his ordeal at the hands of mitchell johnson in the first ashes test . he has battled back to be on the brink of making his test appearance .
wayne rooney , ander herrera and all the other big-hitters were in action as louis van gaal oversaw their preparations for the huge derby on sunday afternoon . robin van persie has returned to training after getting injured at swansea in february . united go into the clash against city ahead of them in the premier league table for the first time since the sir alex ferguson era .
harry redknapp resigned as qpr manager in february . the 68-year-old said ` people with their own agendas ' had a hand in his resignation as manager . former west ham boss believes he would have helped qpr avoid relegation . click here for all the latest qpr news .
wigan drew 1-1 with fulham at craven cottage on friday night . ross mccormack opened the scoring for the hosts in the first half . matt smith equalised for wigan in the second half . malky mackay 's side remain in the championship relegation zone .
arsenal face burnley at turf moor in the premier league on saturday . gunners are seven points behind leaders chelsea in the table . mesut ozil , theo walcott , hector bellerin and olivier giroud appear in good spirits during training .
manchester united face manchester city at old trafford on monday . chris smalling posted a photo of himself and girlfriend sam cooke on twitter . the 25-year-old is establishing himself as one of the best centre backs in england . smalling missed the win over aston villa due to injury .
real madrid face eibar in the la liga on saturday -lrb- kick-off 3pm -rrb- . gareth bale will be rested by carlo ancelotti for the game . the welshman joins suspended midfielders toni kroos and james rodriguez on the sidelines . real at least have ronaldo available after the spanish soccer federation rescinded a yellow card the portugal forward was shown in wednesday 's 2
chris ramsey revealed he will have no problem shaking john terry 's hand in light of the racist comments made four years ago . terry was banned for four games and fined # 220,000 for the remarks made in october 2011 during chelsea 's 1-0 defeat at loftus road . ramsey will line up against ramsey 's side in the premier league on friday .
arsenal are the form team in europe at present , winning 10 games out of their last 11 , including seven in a row . olivier giroud ca n't stop scoring , hector bellerin and francis coquelin have emerged while arsene wenger seems to have found his drive once again . nacho monreal opts for dance dj legend david guetta 's lead single from his sixth album ` dangerous ' .
chelsea captain john terry reveals his pfa team of the year picks . philippe coutinho , harry kane , sergio aguero , jose fonte , laurent koscielny , nathaniel clyne and ryan bertrand complete terry 's defence . terry has not been on the losing side to liverpool in three games this season .
chelsea are on course to become the most dominant title-winners in premier league history . jose mourinho 's side beat everton 6-3 at goodison park on august 30 . blues have been top for 230 days as of friday april 10 , although they did share the lead with manchester city for nine days in january .
diego costa will miss four weeks with a hamstring injury , chelsea boss jose mourinho has confirmed . costa was already certain to miss the games against queens park rangers and manchester united but had hoped to return in time for the clash against arsenal on april 26 . the 26-year-old limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury .
gary neville believes his former club , chelsea and arsenal would be a preferable option now for a big star looking to switch to the premier league . neville wrote in his telegraph column that should a player such as paul pogba or mats hummels decide on a move to england , they are unlikely to select the etihad as their destination . manchester city have been reined in by financial fair play regulations .
ilkay gundogan expects to complete a # 15million move to manchester united at the end of the season . germany centre mats hummels has indicated he 's finally ready to become a united player . van gaal is pressing ahead with plans for more big name signings this summer .
jose mourinho believes eden hazard is in a one-horse race to scoop the player of the season award . hazard has been outstanding this season and will be a leading contender to claim both the pfa and football writers ' awards next month . hazard is likely to feature at queens park rangers on saturday .
richie benaud will not be returning to england next summer to sustain his pre-eminence as cricket 's finest commentator . a recent poll by the wisden cricketer magazine attracted an astonishing 12,000 votes . fortunately he does not leave us without a word or several of advice to those who seek to emulate his success .
niki lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver nico rosberg ahead of the chinese grand prix in shanghai . the three-time world champion is now chairman of mercedes f1 . lauda is now preparing for the second practice session for the race . the austrian has won the last two races in australia and malaysia .
justin rose is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader jordan spieth . rose bogeyed three of the first four holes , finding himself playing from the trees as he recovered from wayward tee shots . rose believes the change of fortune can continue into the weekend .
padraig harrington hits a tee shot on the fourth hole during the second day of the masters on friday . the par fives are the scoring holes and lived up to their billing since all of them had a scoring average of 4.2 or higher . byron meth opened with a 74 on his masters debut .
padraig harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months . the irishman was spotted on the driving range at augusta with a rubber band wrapped around his knees and standing well away from the ball -lrb- 1 -rrb- . the 79-year-old has a career grand slam behind him .
arsenal will travel to australia and malaysia at the end of the premier league season . chelsea are also set to travel abroad when the current campaign finishes . manchester united manager louis van gaal has successfully lobbied for a shorter than anticipated tour of the us this summer .
kevin pietersen is being urged to make the england selectors ' lives difficult after his barnstorming start to the summer . england 's exiled record run-scorer made 170 off 149 balls against mcc universities oxford on sunday , at the start of surrey 's three-day fixture . former england captains alec stewart , and nasser hussain have since their say on the 34-year-old 's chances of a return to the
alec stewart is in the frame to replace the axed paul downton . the surrey director of cricket insisted his focus is on his role at the oval . stewart 's fellow former england captains andrew strauss and michael vaughan have also been linked to the job .
chelsea 's eden hazard and santi cazorla are set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend . both players have been hugely influential since they moved to london in the summer of 2012 . here , sportsmail 's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action .
delone 's martistee , 22 , and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , arrested in troy , alabama . they have been suspended from college while they are detained for questioning . footage uncovered on cell phone during unconnected investigation . authorities say hundreds of people walked past but did not stop attack .
michael jacobs ' ninth-minute opener looked to have given bolton the bottom-of-the-table seasiders their first success on the road since they beat wigan on april 26 . emile heskey , neil danns and gudjohnsen combined to leave the visitors crestfallen . bolton , who have repeatedly conceded late goals themselves in recent weeks , mustered an equaliser in the fifth minute of stoppage time .
brandon wyne , 17 , and courtney griffith , 18 , were pulled over for a traffic stop in virginia on january 10 . wyne was in the backseat of the car driven by wyne 's friend . when the officers approached their car they claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the vehicle . but when his mother arrives as he is a minor , the officer retaliated to his request by pepper spraying him in the eyes .
oxford women made history on saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years on a landmark day for the sport . for the first time in 88 years the women 's race was staged on the famous tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men . hot favourites oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against cambridge , as the women struck a telling blow for sporting equality in racing the same championship course on the same day as the
rosberg will start behind pole-sitter lewis hamilton with sebastian vettel third on the grid in china . rosberg missed out on pole by just 0.042 secs in shanghai . the german has now been out-qualified by hamilton at each of the three races this season .
arsenal will claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight this season . the gunners have won seven straight games since defeat against tottenham at white hart lane on february 7 . arsene wenger 's side are just seven points behind leaders chelsea .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at turf moor . aaron ramsey opened the scoring for the gunners with a brilliant lobbed pass from ozil . michael duff was booked in the first half for a blatant block on olivier giroud .
peter crouch was at hand to give his verdict on adam 's dancing skills on sky 's soccer am chat show the previous weekend . the 34-year-old front man was a more than qualified judge for the verdict , as it was his famed robot celebration from england 's 6-0 against jamaica in 2006 .
the unnamed woman , believed to be between 25 and 45 years old , was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in brooklyn . investigators believe the faded body art was the name ` monique ' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose .
sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than # 1,300 . one of the uk 's busiest online golf retailers has also thrown in a dozen callaway chrome soft golf balls as part of this superb golf package .
steve mcclaren pointed an accusing finger at his own team after they let 10-man watford battle back to grab a 2-2 draw at the ipro stadium . derby had been in control until matej vydra fired them ahead in the 23rd minute after cyrus christie lost the ball out on the right . tom ince put johnny russell in and marco motta 's wild challenge saw him red-carded before darren bent co
austin saw red in the 39th minute for elbowing ben marshall off the ball . tom cairney , jordan rhodes and jay spearing settled the match . rovers extended their unbeaten away run to six matches while leeds ' five-game undefeated sequence came to an end .
patrick bamford opened the scoring for middlesbrough in the 20th minute . the on-loan chelsea forward struck his 15th goal of the season . wigan now have just six matches to avert the prospect of playing league one football just two years after shocking manchester city in the fa cup final .
nottingham forest beat leeds 2-1 at the city ground on good friday . kenny jackett has told his wolves players they must maintain a promotion push . wolves boss believes it is now just the top eight in the sky bet championship who are fighting it out for the play-off places .
robin thomas , of jonesboro , arkansas , posted a sign on his truck that reads , ` looking for a date ? would you date a single father ? ' . the advertisement then shows his phone number and below reads , ' * ages 21 and up ' . thomas has three kids , aged six to 11 , who he said think the sign is ` cute ' .
charles manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years . the iowa board of chiropractic released a report wednesday detailing charges against manuel , of lamoni . manuel also recommended that patients stop taking medication he prescribed to them .
charles and camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks . but they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt . scotland 's first single estate distillery began production in september last year . owners harvest barley from their own farm , distil and mature whisky .
flamur ukshini , 23 , from the kosovan capital of pristina , has got almost 40,000 fans on instagram thanks to his likeness to zayn malik . every picture that flamur posts on his instagram page is immediately fawned over by legions of directioners .
sherlock star challenged to a table tennis match by chinese ping pong legend deng yaping while hosting the laureus world sports awards in shanghai . but cumberbatch found the shoe was very much on the other foot when he tried his hand at his sidekick watson .
an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu and plunging into a pond . announcers could n't help but chuckle at the course-crasher 's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time .
clint chadbourne , 71 , was headed back to portland from massachusetts with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop . when clint tried to get out the car , he could n't do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt . in the video , he said in a thick maine accent : ` you look at me . i 'm getting hydrophobic ' .
manchester united mascot fred the red is among club megastore staff sweating over their futures with the club 's world-record # 750m kit deal . on july 31 nike , who employ fred and a number of other workers at the old trafford shop , will see their agreement expire . some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed , blaming the us sportswear giants for the issue .
jurgen klopp announced on wednesday that he would be leaving borussia dortmund at the end of the season after seven years in which the club won two bundesliga titles . it sparked a frenzy of speculation about whether the 47-year-old might be destined for the barclays premier league with arsenal or manchester city . wenger was clearly irritated that some might consider klopp a contender for his job when his side is making clear progress .
unnamed worker spotted on roof 30-feet above the ground on top of home . local resident noticed man carrying out work with lack of safety equipment . building expert said man should have had scaffolding up at front of property . hse inspectors visited property and served prohibition notice for incident . they served notice for breaching safety and safety regulations .
inter milan face ac milan in the champions league quarter-final first leg at the san siro on sunday . starting xis from the champs league second leg , april 12 , 2005 -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb- , has changed dramatically since their glory years . this time , interest has barely stirred .
new york city fc manager jason kreis is finding life increasingly difficult following a patchy start to the season . the pressure has n't reached manuel pellegrini proportions . david villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time on thursday night . frank lampard will arrive here in the summer and join a side who slowly but surely will have adapted to the task in hand .
villarreal drew 1-1 with sevilla at the cemtro clinic in madrid . mateo musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes left to play . the argentine underwent a successful operation on his ankle . villarreal are sixth in la liga , sixth on 51 points .
robert maaskant let his fists do the talking as his side did just that against fc dordrecht . after being two goals to the good at the interval thanks to goals from adnane tighadouini , relegation battlers nac seemed to be heading towards three vital points against the team rooted to the bottom of the eredivisie .
diego maradona scored the winner during an exhibition match in bogota on friday . the 1986 world cup winner was surrounded by media and cameraman as he applauded his fans after the match . however , he lost his cool and lashed out at a steward trying to halt him whilst applauding fans .
callum wilson opened the scoring for bournemouth in the fourth minute . eddie howe would testify to that . wilson doubled their lead in the second half through a pearce . but the cherries are n't choking , as of yet , and the game ended 1-1 .
arsenal will take on manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday . gunners boss arsene wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess in england . wenger admits a united win at chelsea could open up the title race again . click here for arsenal transfer news .
barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league semi-finals . luis suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games for the catalan club . suarez is starting to look like the club 's greatest front three of messi , samuel eto'o and thierry henry .
paris saint-germain striker zlatan ibrahimovic will miss his side 's matches against nice , lille , metz and nantes . the french league 's disciplinary commission activated a suspended one-match ban in january to add to the three games he received for the latest incident .
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 1-0 in the fa cup semi-final on wednesday . captain steven gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season . brendan rodgers ' side face aston villa in the final on may 30 . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
wayne rooney has revealed he is developing his own style of captaincy . the manchester united skipper has played alongside steven gerrard and john terry for the national side . rooney was catained by midfielder roy keane during his early years at old trafford . click here for all the latest man united news .
binky , 24 , has been in the cast of the hit e4 programme since 2011 . says that faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving perfect chelsea street style . has teamed up with phone case company otterbox as they launch new mysymmetry customisable series .
boca juniors beat palestino 2-0 in copa libertadores last-16 clash . leandro marin headed the argentinian giants into the lead in the final minute . jonatan calleri sealing all three points in the 11th minute of time added on .
the letter , post-marked april 1st in baton rouge , specifically states that durst ` said nothing about charges , crimes or trials ' but rambles on about durst 's thoughts on life in southern california . durst , 71 , was arrested for the 2000 murder of his friend susan berman last month , pleaded not guilty to weapons charges on thursday .
sickening footage has surfaced of a teenage girl being struck by a fast moving car and flung into the air . the driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl who is standing middle of the road before hitting into her with a horrifying thud . the 15-year-old girl suffered minor injuries and has already been released from shellharbour hospital .
the annual survey from deutsche bank has shown that australians pay higher prices for a range of consumer goods and services than are paid in any other place . the survey uses the purchasing power parity index to determine the relative price levels to the us dollar . new zealand came in as the second most expensive country in the world .
two french male tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth . the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame and the men were charged with animal cruelty .
denis suarez scored a late winner for sevilla as they came from behind to take control of the europa league quarter-final tie against zenit st petersburg . aleksandr ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half , scoring off his own rebound , before carlos bacca drew the home side level . fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to dynamo kiev , with khouma babacar
ronnie tran and his mother were kidnapped by two women from their home in des moines , washington , on tuesday . police say the 40-year-old mother was stunned with a taser and bound with plastic ties before being driven with her son to a house in fife . the mother managed to untie herself , but had to flee without her son .
the miami-dade police department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft . a baggage handler at miami international airport was also caught on camera going through a passenger 's wallet . this as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $ 2.5 million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 .
shannen hussein has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes . the 21-year-old lives on a 30-acre farm in rockbank , 34 kilometres north-west of melbourne . her pets are often captured behaving like humans , from her lamb winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon . her social media accounts are filled with cute and quirky snapshots of some of the animals ' unique behaviours .
carmem dierks , 60 , was running the dodgy dental practice in west orange county , florida , according to authorities . during a raid on her practice , authorities discovered hundreds of patient files , two dentist chairs , an x-ray machine and dental molds . she was arrested on tuesday by sheriff 's deputies and posted bond from orange county jail on wednesday .
the duchess of cambridge 's younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in the sunshine , displaying her toned figure in a blue sports vest and patterned shorts with pink and grey trainers . new balance pink ribbon 990v3 sneakers . support the cause ! buy now .
siem de jong played 45 minutes for newcastle 's under-21s team on wednesday . the holland international suffered a collapsed lung in april . the 26-year-old has made just three senior appearances for the club . newcastle face swansea at st james ' park on sunday .
paul gascoigne 's daughter bianca was mugged by a gang on bikes in central london on tuesday afternoon . the 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone . the attackers are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag but ran away when she fought back .
serie a club parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations . the sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season . parma were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season . the club are rooted to the bottom of serie a , with 12 points from 30 games .
piers morgan says arsenal would be a ` perfect ' fit for jurgen klopp . borussia dortmund have struggled in the bundesliga this season . morgan has long been a critic of wenger and believes klopp would do a better job at the emirates .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . the 47-year-old coach has been linked with liverpool and arsenal . klopp was immediately installed as the bookmakers ' favourite to replace manuel pellegrini at manchester city . the emotion was clear to see as klopp announced he was leaving the club on wednesday .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-1 at old trafford on sunday . ashley young scored united 's first goal , and created two more for marouane fellaini and chris smalling . the 29-year-old said louis van gaal 's side were focused on quieting the fans .
dani alves insists he is yet to sign a pre-contract agreement with another club . the 31-year-old 's agent revealed last week that alves has rejected barca 's latest contract offer with the likes of manchester united . alves , however , has since claimed that he is not thinking about leaving the catalan club .
gerard pique is poised to star for barcelona in their champions league quarter-final match with psg in the french capital on wednesday night . the 28-year-old joined barca in 2008 from manchester united and has made 299 appearances . pique has faced the greatest players in the world during his time at the nou camp , but ranks didier drogba , lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo as the three best he has came up against .
everton beat swansea 1-0 at the bus home on saturday lunch-time . jonjo shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for the toffees . seamus coleman was under pressure from marvin emnes and handled the ball . roberto martinez called for a penalty for handball in the second half .
everton held to a goalless draw by swansea city at the liberty stadium . tim howard is adamant the europa league is not to blame for everton 's poor season . the merseyside outfit played 10 games in europe this season before being knocked out by dynamo kiev .
sergey bubka , sebastian coe 's rival for iaaf president , launched his election manifesto on wednesday . bubka launched his manifesto , entitled ` taking athletics to new heights ' in an internet broadcast . the 51-year-old said there was ` no acceptance for cheaters ' .
barcelona will offer # 50m for paul pogba , and plan to let him stay in italy for a year on loan . spanish press reports indicate chelsea are their only rivals for the frenchman 's signature . lionel messi returned to training for barcelona after a foot problem .
the chihuahua and a bearded dragon showed off their interspecies friendship . videoed in their front room , the dog named foxxy cleopatra and the reptile called ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table . without warning , the bearded dragon appears disinterested .
the video maker , who returns home with the other people in the clip to find the infestation , stated that he initially thought the intruders were bats but now believes them to be sparrows . capturing them on camera as they fly around the room , the man remains very calm while narrating on the carnage before him -- birds crashing into the walls and flying overhead .
spencer gerlach , 20 , told police that he and his ex-wife keltsie were having a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder . the couple 's 15-month-old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room . spencer faces first-degree murder charges and was booked at elder county jail .
the match of the day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his ` podgy ' label but he still has some way to go to return to his so-called ` glory days ' . he posted the photo on twitter saying : '12 weeks . 12.4 % bodyfat @joshmchale ' .
southampton have slipped out of the champions league places . ronald koeman 's side face hull city at st mary 's on saturday . koeman blames the slump on a lack of goals but rather than looking to his strikers for fault , he believes a change in approach from opponents has been the telling factor .
jordan spieth has hailed the ` most incredible week ' of his life . the 21-year-old won the masters at augusta in 39 years . spieth held his nerve in sunday 's final round to keep control of the season 's first major championship , matching tiger woods ' record of an 18-under 270 .
justin rose admitted he lost to the better man as jordan spieth won his first masters title in emphatic fashion on sunday . the 21-year-old finished 18 under to beat rose and phil mickelson by four shots and become the second youngest ever masters winner . spieth became only the fourth player after jack nicklaus , ray floyd and tiger woods to reach 17 under .
aljaz bedene lost in casablanca 6-1 6-4 to jiri vesely in the last eight . the world no 99 had switched allegiance from slovenia to great britain . bedene 's conqueror will play gimeno-traver in the semi-finals .
andy murray is marrying his long-term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday . the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open . murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to barcelona after his nuptials to assistant coach jonas bjorkman .
andy murray is set to marry his long-term girlfriend kim sears in dunblane . the british no 1 is due to give birth some time in august . mauresmo has never made any secret of the fact that the travel is part of the job that least appeals to her .
saracens winger chris wyles crashes over a try despite the attention of freddie burns and tom youngs . billy vunipola makes a trademark bullocking run into the heart of the tigers defence . england lock george kruis makes a bust through the leicester midfield .
harlequins beat gloucester 18-11 at the stoop on saturday . conor o'shea believes it is only a matter of time before marland yarde is restored to the england fold . yarde won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn .
england finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in antigua with seven second-innings wickets standing . captain alastair cook also fell cheaply as he was out for 13 after edging a taylor delivery into the slips . jerome taylor 's pace partner kemar roach said : ` everyone knows cook has a weakness ' .
sir ian botham was tempted to bet on jimmy anderson breaking his record on the third morning in antigua . the burnley express kept everyone waiting , and watching test cricket can be a hard slog for anyone -- let alone a four-year-old . moeen ali has been called up for the next test in grenada .
alastair cook failed for the second time in the first test as his old mentor graham gooch was again exploited by west indies . the double blow at the start of england 's second innings left them with much to do in this first test to work their way towards a winning position at the sir viv richards stadium . cook returned to something like his best last year with three half-centuries in his last four test innings against india .
aaron finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for yorkshire in the summer . finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for mumbai indians in their indian premier league match against rajasthan royals . mumbai captain rohit sharma said finch 's injury ` looked bad ' .
` steph curry with the shot ' has led the golden state warriors to the top of the western conference standings in the regular nba season . the 27-year-old shot from various angles with the end product the same for the point guard . the ohio-born star successfully hit 94 of his 100 attempts during the session .
defending nba champions san antonio spurs have stepped up their title defence . kawhi leonard , matt bonner , patty mills , aron baynes and official mascot the coyote all teamed up to form the band . the video shows the four players performing debut single ` spurs ! ' .
c.j. miles scored 25 points and george hill added 24 to lead a 7-2 spurt to open the second overtime on tuesday as indiana kept their playoff hopes alive . the pacers have won six straight games and will make a fifth straight playoff appearance if they win at memphis - or if brooklyn loses to orlando .
aston villa are six points clear of queens park rangers in 18th . christian benteke said his side must continue to stretch their lead over the drop zone . the 24-year-old said the match against brendan rodgers ' team at wembley was the biggest of his career .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at the emirates on saturday . aaron ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute . olivier giroud wants arsenal to continue their premier league winning streak and challenge for the title . the striker feels the hard-fought victory proved there is more to this current wenger team than pass-pass and dissolve when the going gets tough .
sunderland in 15th and leicester in 20th place respectively . qpr have improved enough away from home to take any confidence to leicester on the final day . burnley have been dealt a reasonable hand but can they capitalise ? sportsmail looks at the possibilities and delivers a verdict .
jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve leicester 's slim chance of premier league survival . the foxes have appeared doomed to relegation for months , cemented to the bottom of the table since november . vardy struck past west brom goalkeeper boaz myhill during the closing stages of the clash on saturday .
jamie vardy scored an late winner against west brom on saturday . foxes boss nigel pearson believes his side 's fate is back in their own hands . leicester are just three points behind hull city in the premier league . pearson 's side have a game in hand over their survival rivals .
jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve leicester 's premier league survival chances . the leicester forward struck past west brom goalkeeper boaz myhill during the closing stages of the premier league encounter at the hawthorns . leicester are just three points behind hull in 17th .
chelsea beat chelsea 1-0 in the west london derby on sunday . branislav ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter . the blues are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident . qpr are reviewing cctv footage and have promised to ban those involved .
cesc fabregas scored a vital winner in the 88th minute at loftus road . chris ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders chelsea for 88 minutes . qpr boss turned away from the pitch to collect his thoughts . ramsey 's despair was evident as his side remained in the relegation zone .
stoke city have opened talks with evian flyer daniel wass . the 25-year-old denmark international is available for around # 3.5 million . schalke and inter milan have also shown interest but he is keen to try his luck in the premier league and with mark hughes .
marko arnautovic opened the scoring for stoke in the 95th minute . aaron cresswell had given the home side an early lead at upton park . stoke move up to sixth in the premier league table after a win over west ham . sam allardyce 's side remain rooted to the bottom of the table .
dick advocaat has refused to rule out staying at sunderland beyond the end of this season . the 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the black cats . the dutchman celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over newcastle last weekend .
tottenham will take on the very best players from major league soccer when they compete in the 2015 at&t mls all stars game . the annual showpiece will take place at dick 's sporting goods park , the home of the colorado rapids , on july 29 in what is the 20th edition of the all star match . recent participants include bayern munich , manchester united and chelsea .
the fa and pfa promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia . jeff astle 's family were at the hawthorns for ` astle day ' as baggies fans paid tribute to the former west brom albion striker . a mail on sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out .
west ham face champions manchester city at upton park on sunday . cheikhou kouyate has warned the hammers must be ready to inflict more pain on manuel pellegrini 's men . senegal midfielder yaya toure and his team-mates suffered a 4-2 defeat at old trafford last week .
west ham striker carlton cole 's contract expires at the end of the season . the 31-year-old striker admits he 's in no position to ask sam allardyce about a new contract . cole came close to joining west brom in january before emmanuel adebayor failed .
lionel messi wants celtic to play in the champions league next season . the scottish giants failed to qualify for europe 's elite club competition this campaign after losing 2-1 on aggregate to maribor in the play-off round in august . messi has sampled the ` best atmosphere ' in europe during his career .
celtic face kilmarnockat parkhead on wednesday night with the chance to go eight points clear . winning their subsequent games could see ronny deila 's team win their fourth successive championship in the north east . the spfl unveiled their post-split fixtures this morning .
the scottish professional football league has performed a u-turn by switching rangers ' tynecastle fixture with hearts back to saturday , may 2 . the league found itself at the centre of a furious row on wednesday after announcing it had moved gers ' fixture with the jambos to may 3 . the decision was made after tv broadcaster sky decided to screen the match live but hibs hit out at the change , claiming it would place the league 's sporting integrity at risk
rangers drew 1-1 with bottom side livingston in their bid for promotion . stuart mccall was left ruing the explosive impact of myles hippolyte despite his ibrox side nudging one point clear of hibs in second place . marius zaliukas raced up the park to restore parity with a clever back-header two minutes later .
barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 champions league matches since 1992 . lionel messi is way out in front in the breakdown of barcelona champions league scorers with 75 , the joint-most in the tournament with cristiano ronaldo . luis suarez stormed through , nutmegged david luiz and finished , was their 400th goal in the competition .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the champions league on wednesday . luis suarez scored twice and an effort from neymar secured the win . gregory van der wiel pulled one back for the hosts with a deflected effort on 82 minutes .
daniel carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards mario mandzukic . atletico madrid striker fell to ground after tussling with real 's sergio ramos . the pair were engaged in a physical battle throughout the goalless first leg of the champions league quarter-final tie .
everton host swansea city at liberty stadium -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . angel rangel is in line for his first swans start for over two months . jefferson montero could make the bench after damaging ankle ligaments against hull last weekend .
romelu lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem . kevin mirallas and steven pienaar are back in contention . fraser forster is out for at least the season after undergoing knee surgery , but jay rodriguez could feature for everton .
burnley midfielder matt taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off against arsenal on saturday . dean marney and kevin long remain on the long-term absentee list . ross wallace and steven reid could return for the clarets .
raheem sterling arrived at liverpool 's melwood base for training on wednesday after the latest twist to his controversy-ridden season . the 20-year-old was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide , but fresh pictures have emerged of him holding a shisha pipe . sterling is expected to meet liverpool manager brendan rodgers on thursday and he will be reminded of his professional responsibilities .
raheem sterling was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide . the 20-year-old is expected to meet liverpool manager brendan rodgers on thursday . sterling enraged liverpool after saying he was ` flattered ' to be linked with arsenal . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 . the four-time olympic champion will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark . wiggins finished his team sky career in the paris-roubaix 253.5 km one-day race on sunday .
matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire . the former england wicketkeeper is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by kevin pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of new zealand .
germany 's john degenkolb produced the perfect race to cross the line first at the end of a gruelling 151-mile trek which took in 27 tortuous cobbled spells . wiggins did his best , breaking away with 32 kilometres left to shake things up at the head of the peloton while he also made a late push , but was unable to hold on . the 2012 tour de france winner is quitting the team in order to ride for his own squad , `
sam bennett was involved in a mass pile-up in the final kilometre of the scheldeprijs one day classic in belgium on monday . the 24-year-old suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders . team sky 's bradley wiggins and geraint thomas were both involved in the race but managed to avoid the crash .
george bailey will play the second half of the natwest t20 blast for sussex . the australia batsman will also be available in the royal london cup . bailey has captained his country in both limited-overs formats . the 32-year-old has previously played for hampshire .
manchester united and chelsea will take part in the international champions cup in the us this summer . the pre-season tournament , which is now in its third year , is set to be played between july 11 and august 5 . manchester united made history in its last visit to the united states by breaking the country 's soccer attendance record .
valencia beat levante 3-0 at the mestalla on monday night . paco alcacer nodded valencia in front from a dani parejo centre . lucas orban crossed for sofiane feghouli to head a second for the home side nine minutes before the break .
inter milan are set to turn to lucas leiva and alex song if their pursuit of manchester city pair stevan jovetic and yaya toure fails . inter sporting director piero ausilio told sky italia : ` dreams are beautiful , i 'm trying to prepare something and i hope my dreams come true ' .
real madrid face former club real madrid at the bernabeu on wednesday . alberto bueno has scored 17 goals for rayo vallecano this season . bueno played for derby on loan five years ago , but with just five goals in 29 games he looked anything like champions league material .
daniel sturridge faces a fight to be fit for liverpool 's fa cup semi-final against aston villa on sunday . the liverpool striker was left out of the squad entirely on monday . brendan rodgers has admitted his star striker will have his fitness monitored .
real madrid beat eibar 3-0 at the stadio ennio tardini 's home ground . cristiano ronaldo inspired carlo ancelotti 's side to a comfortable win . real have a fully fit squad for the champions league clash on tuesday .
lionel messi opened the scoring for sevilla in the 37th minute . gerard pique doubled barcelona 's lead in the second half . claudio bravo added a second for the catalan giants in the 71st minute . the result leaves barcelona just two points ahead of real madrid .
dirk kuyt is returning to feyenoord nine years after leaving liverpool . the 34-year-old is currently third in the top-flight eredivisie . he signed a one-year contract with the rotterdam club for nine years . he was named dutch footballer of the year in 2006 .
utrecht drew 1-1 with ajax at the stadion galgenwaard on sunday . edouard duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through . the referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion utrecht had an extra man on the pitch and marched over to duplan .
chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with royal mouscron-peruwelz . the belgian club have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play-offs last summer . chelsea are currently 13th in belgium 's pro league .
aaron ramsey opened the scoring for arsene wenger 's side in the 12th minute at turf moor . the welsh midfielder doubled arsenal 's lead shortly after half-time . ramsey doubled the gunners ' advantage in the second half through hector bellerin . francis coquelin added a third for the hosts in the third minute .
jordan spieth shot a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130 . the exuberance of youth was kicking in . spieth missed . for the first time around augusta , he made a mild mis-step . to shoot 14 under , the lowest two-round score recorded at a major championship , is n't boring .
dustin johnson is the youngest first-round leader in masters history . the 21-year-old beat the old mark of 13 under set by ray floyd way back in 1976 . johnson will start the third round seven behind his fellow american justin rose and paul casey .
derry mathews will take on ismael barroso for the interim wba world title after richar abril pulled out of their april 18 date . abril was initially forced to withdraw from his title defence against mathews in march after coming down with dengue fever from a mosquito bite . mathews is disappointed that he wo n't be facing the champion for the belt .
josh warrington will be accompanied into the ring by vinnie jones . the featherweight is quickly becoming one of britain 's best-supported fighters . bieber joins mayweather after the us fighter beat alvarez at the mgm grand in las vegas in september 2013 .
manny pacquaio took to instagram to thank spike lee and tito mikey for their support so far . the pair are just the latest to show their support for the ` pac-man ' ahead of his fight against floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .
danny garcia is set to face lamont peterson in a non-title fight on saturday . the puerto rican-born fighter has revealed his special weapon , which has seen him never knocked down . garcia said he has an extra toe on his right foot before removing his sock to show off his secret weapon .
andy murray and kim sears met when the pair were teenagers during the us open in 2005 . murray was playing in only his second grand slam tournament , while sears was travelling with her tennis coach father nigel . the couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split and after having to field constant questions over the years on when he would propose .
floyd mayweather jnr and manny pacquiao have released a short promotional video from within the may 2 bout . mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight . the undefeated american is preparing for the biggest fight the sport has ever witnessed .
xabi alonso will face porto in the quarter-finals starting wednesday . alonso won the champions league in his first season at liverpool when he was part of carlo ancelotti 's side to take the title . the bayern munich man is keen to add to his barcelona victories .
real madrid won their 10th european cup last season . karim benzema believes his side are capable of retaining the champions league . james rodriguez has heaped praise on carlo ancelotti ahead of champions league showdown with atletico . benzema has recently returned to full fitness following a foot injury .
one of diego simeone 's many managerial mantras is : ` i always think that tomorrow i could be sacked ' . the 44-year-old took atletico madrid to the title last season and leads them into the champions league quarter-final against real madrid on tuesday night . the argentinian manager has imposed his incredible work ethic on his players since joining in december 2011 .
carlo ancelotti has hailed diego simeone as one of the world 's best coaches . real madrid face atletico madrid in their champions league quarter-final first-leg on tuesday . an italian boss oversees los blancos training at the club 's valdebebas training ground .
monaco face juventus in the champions league quarter-final on tuesday . leonardo jardim has reignited his feud with arsene wenger . the monaco coach claimed wenger was ` disrespectul ' in the first leg . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
juventus face monaco in the champions league quarter-final first leg . carlos tevez has scored six champions league goals this season . the italian side are 12 points clear of nearest rivals lazio . massimiliano allegri is hoping to end 19 years of champions league hurt by taking juventus to glory .
mark clattenburg will take charge of the champions league quarter-final clash between paris saint-germain and barcelona on wednesday night . he is the only english appointment for the first leg meetings of europe 's top eight clubs with fellow top ref martin atkinson not selected for this round of fixtures . the other referees for this week 's ties are serbia 's milorad mazic -lrb- four red cards in 38 games across england and euro
juventus face as monaco in the champions league quarter-finals . massimiliano allegri 's side are at home in the quarter-final first leg on tuesday . allegri warned that monaco would be a completely different proposition to borussia dortmund , who beat 5-1 on aggregate in the last 16 .
carlos tevez says it is harder to score goals in serie a than the premier league . the argentine striker has scored 36 league goals in the italian league . tevez won the champions league with manchester united in 2008 . the striker believes his juventus team are more rounded than that .
jose mauri scored the only goal of the game as parma beat juventus 1-0 . it was the second defeat of the campaign for massimiliano allegri 's side . parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have now strung a series of positive results together .
rangers top scorer nicky law has emerged as a # 500,000 target for a trio of english championship clubs . brighton , birmingham and reading are showing the strongest interest in a player who also the target of january interest from neil lennon and huddersfield town .
bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the championship with a win against brighton . yann kermorgant hit a wonderful 25-yard free-kick which wrong-footed brighton goalkeeper david stockdale and flew into the left of goal . callum wilson extended their lead with a sublime finish in the 81st minute .
sky bet championship side rovers were eliminated from the competition on wednesday night by brendan rodgers ' liverpool . manager gary bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players following their run to the fa cup quarter-finals . bowyer is no stranger to staving off interest in his prized assets .
luis suarez scored twice in barcelona 's 3-1 win over psg on wednesday . the uruguayan international scored his first of the night after beating three psg defenders before curling the ball into the top corner . real madrid are the top scorers in europe with 1,016 goals to their name .
pep guardiola is n't alone responsible for the decline of the premier league in europe . bayern munich take on porto on wednesday night in the champions league quarter-final first leg . guardiola took the young argentinian under guardiola to play for argentina in the beijing olympics .
steve clarke has instructed his players to approach this weekend 's semi-final like any other day at work . reading overcame league one side bradford with a 3-0 replay win to progress to the fa cup final for the first time in their history . clarke is confident his players can make history on saturday .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season . the 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the bundesliga club as far as he can . the club have called a press conference for wednesday at 12.30 pm .
steven gerrard and phil jagielka released 96 balloons at the 26th hillsborough memorial service at anfield . the balloons commemorate the 96 supporters who lost their lives at the hillsborough disaster 26 years ago . supporters from both liverpool and everton stand together to pay respect to those who died .
stephen dodd took photograph of asif bodi and abubakar bhula worshipping during half-time of fa cup game against blackburn rovers last month . club authorities say they will ` take appropriate action ' against fan . dodd tried to defend himself by saying he was a long-standing liverpool supporter .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-0 at the nou camp on wednesday night . luis suarez has scored 10 in his first 12 games for barcelona . lionel messi and neymar are the most in-form in world football . psg were unbeaten so far this season when playing without zlatan ibrahimovic , winning 11 and drawing 5 of the 16 games .
emir spahic could face a lengthy ban after appearing to fight with stewards after a defeat by bayern munich on wednesday night . the bosnian defender was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury as bayer crashed out of the germany 's dfb-pokal quarter-final stage . but amateur footage from after the game shows him fighting with stewards along the side of the pitch .
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off . both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the premier league . chief superintendent john o'hare says the decision is down to good behaviour . rio ferdinand was hit by an object during the manchester derby in 2012 .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat trick as paris saint-germain thrashed saint-etienne 4-1 to reach the french cup final on wednesday . argentina winger ezequiel lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet auxerre in the final . psg are also bidding to become the first french side to lift all three domestic trophies in a single season .
liverpool secured their place in the fa cup semi-finals after beating blackburn , setting up a wembley encounter with aston villa . philippe coutinho scored the decisive goal for liverpool with 20 minutes to play . blackburn goalkeeper simon eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage-time corner .
liverpool players raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days . this is the second time the reds have been involved in a number of incidents on the pitch . sterling will be lectured on the dangers of nitrous oxide when he meets with brendan rodgers tomorrow .
will stevens is hoping to compete in the chinese grand prix this weekend . the 23-year-old has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team . manor have naturally had their teething problems since being rescued from administration , notably in melbourne where roberto merhi failed to make it out on track for a single lap .
justin carney will be out for up to two months after being told he needs elbow surgery . castleford winger dislocated his elbow in tigers ' 25-4 win over hull kr last saturday . james clare is expected to take carney 's place against widnes on sunday .
aaron cook has confirmed he plans to compete for moldova at the 2016 olympics in rio . dorset-born cook was overlooked for the great britain taekwondo squad at london 2012 . the 24-year-old applied for citizenship after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici .
wasps no 8 nathan hughes was suspended for three matches . the suspension was thrown out after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been ` reckless ' for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of the welsh lion . hughes missed northampton 's champions cup quarter-final loss against toulon last sunday .
carl hayman admits toulon ` have a lot of work to do ' to secure third consecutive european title despite reaching the champions cup semi-finals . toulon will host leinster at marseille 's stade velodrome on sunday , april 19 in the last four .
dai young 's side became the third of four english challengers to be dispatched from europe 's premier event over a punishing weekend . wasps ' ashley johnson attempts to bust through the wall-like defence of european champions toulon . new zealander williams rises to celebrate his try which came minutes after he should have been sin-binned .
the 29-year-old american will compete at the arena pro swim series in mesa , arizona , from april 15-18 . phelps was suspended by usa swimming in september when police caught him travelling at 84mph in a 45mph zone in baltimore , maryland .
milinda gunasekera , 32 , was flying home from a holiday in chile . he was changing flights at auckland airport for the final leg of his trip . after downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry . the west australian resident was originally accused of indecent assault and threatening to kill - offences carrying a maximum of seven years in jail .
william ` frankie ' dugan , 29 , and 32-year-old valerie ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children aged five and six in oklahoma . the couple were charged in march after they allegedly committed forcible sodomy , incest and exploitation against two children , aged 5 and 6 . police were now searching for more victims .
caroline wozniacki was spotted taking in a game of basketball in indiana on monday alongside nfl star j.j. watt . the game between the duke blue devils and the university of wisconsin 's badgers took place at the lucas oil stadium in the city . watt - who previously played college football for wisconsin in 2009 and 2010 - will have been left disappointed as the badgers lost 68-63 .
caroline wozniacki was invited to the white house on monday to take part in the annual easter egg roll and played tennis with us president barack obama . the danish ace participated in this year 's themed #gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people .
chris lane , 22 , was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun in august 2013 . his parents , donna and peter lane listened to the frantic 911 call made by oklahoma resident who witnessed their son collapsed on the side of the road . chancey luna , 17 , was charged with first-degree murder .
pablo osvaldo thinks andrea pirlo and francisco totti should move to boca . the 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from southampton . totti has become an instant hit - scoring three goals in six games . click here for all the latest italian news .
incident occurred at ben gurion international airport in israel . officials are investigating how and why a fire broke out on a passenger jet moments before take-off . the small plane was scheduled to fly out to russia from the middle eastern country . it is unknown how or why the fire was extinguished .
manchester united face manchester city at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal says robin van persie is not yet fit enough to play . united boss wants his side to move towards that target by taking all three points against city . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
manchester united face manchester city in the derby at old trafford . louis van gaal 's side have hit form at the right time this season . pablo zabaleta has n't been at his best but is the best right back either club can boast at the moment . manuel pellegrini may opt for the more defensive bacary sagna .
manuel pellegrini is a man under-pressure at city and a defeat to their rivals is unthinkable . united have never lost five in a row to city before . glenn murray tormented city at selhurst park as they dropped out of the premier league title race at the weekend .
manchester united face aston villa at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal says he is not worried about the prospect of facing them . the dutchman says he does n't expect manchester city to play so defensive . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
manchester city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions . manuel pellegrini says he is not impressed by united 's rise up the table . the red devils host chelsea in the premier league on sunday . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
wayne rooney has been returned to his preferred centre-forward position . the 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield this season . louis van gaal finally began to realise the best place from which his best player and captain should lead was from the front . rooney scored four times against tottenham last month .
dick advocaat says jermain defoe 's wonder goal has set sunderland on their way to premier league survival . newcastle goalkeeper tim krul waited in the tunnel for defoe at half-time , seconds after he had smashed the stunning 20-yard volley which decided yesterday 's tyne-wear clash . sportsmail 's jamie carragher claimed krrul smiled and exchanged a fist pump with defoe , although he later defended his actions .
sunderland beat newcastle 1-0 in the wear-tyne derby on sunday . jermain defoe had scored just twice for the magpies since january . the former fc toronto striker says his strike has proven his worth . the 32-year-old was overcome with emotion in the wake of his blast .
sunderland beat newcastle 1-0 at the stadium of light on sunday . jermain defoe scored his third home league goal of the season . the 32-year-old admits he even had to question that it was even happening . defoe will have good reason to remember it long after he has hung up his boots .
sunderland lost 1-0 to sunderland in the tyne-wear derby on sunday . jermain defoe scored a stunning volley to secure a vital win . john carver admitted he was 'em barrassed ' by newcastle 's capitulation . the magpies boss said he was ` absolutely embarrassed ' by the result .
jermain defoe fired sunderland into a 1-0 lead against newcastle united in the north east derby at st james ' park . the 32-year-old scored his third for the magpies just before the half-time whistle was blown by mike dean . newcastle goalkeeper tim krul was unable to do anything about defoe 's 45th-minute strike .
six-year-old had to have more than half of his teeth removed due to tooth decay . details emerged about ruling at family court hearing in reading , berkshire . judge eleanor owens said boy 's parents had accepted their son had suffered from ` poor dental hygiene ' due to diet high in sugar .
pekingese marley and mitzy had been left to play in front garden by their owners adele and steven worgan . but they were snatched when the couple were n't looking -- and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on cctv . the couple are now offering a # 1,000 reward to anyone who can return their pets , who have been missing for a week .
survey found `` every female user of mass transit has been a victim '' of `` gender harassment or sexual assault '' . half of those interviewed said they had first suffered harassment under the age of 18 . problem meant six out of ten women were afraid of being attacked on public transport . report handed to french women 's rights ministry this week .
lady sasima srivikorn is in her 70s with an endearing laugh and a royal blue scarf she has knitted especially for saturday 's fa cup semi-final against arsenal . like 73-year-old madejski , she has been a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the asian games .
liverpool striker mario balotelli has been the subject of thousands of racists posts on social media this season . liverpool manager brendan rodgers says he was ` surprised and shocked ' by the online abuse aimed at the club 's striker . anti-discrimination body kick it out estimates there have been 134,000 discriminatory posts this season with 39,000 directed towards premier league players .
adam peaty beat the previous record of 58.46 set by cameron van der burgh in 2012 . the 20-year-old from uttoxeter 's gold-winning time on friday . he has spoken of his delight that his hard work and training have paid off .
dion dublin made his presenting debut as a co-host on monday morning . the former aston villa frontman joined regular hosts martin roberts and lucy alexander for the popular property renovation series . homes under the hammer airs weekdays on bbc1 at 10am .
manchester united face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal faces a number of selection dilemmas ahead of the game . wayne rooney , ashley young and robin van persie made the trip to london via train on friday afternoon .
manchester united face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday -lrb- kick-off 3pm -rrb- . michael carrick , daley blind , phil jones and marcos rojo are all out injured . louis van gaal 's side have won six straight premier league wins .
blackpool fans vent their disgust at the oyston family , who own the club . frank knight posted a disparaging status on his facebook page this time last year . knight currently has 34 friends on his private account and this is the third instance in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings .
shay given will start for aston villa against liverpool in fa cup semi-final . the 38-year-old has played in all four of villa 's fa cup matches this season . villa manager tim sherwood said he would keep faith with his deputy . tom cleverley will be hoping to impress with his loan expiring in the summer .
luke shaw thought he had done ok against arsenal in the fa cup . but the score was 1-1 and shaw had kept arsenal flyer alex oxlade-chamberlain reasonably quiet . louis van gaal substituted the # 28million defender , telling shaw that he was not fit enough to play for united . shaw is struggling to come to terms with his new life at manchester united .
philippe coutinho has been nominated for the pfa player of the season . the brazil playmaker arrived at anfield for just # 8.5 million in 2013 . inter signed coutinho as a teenager from brazilian club vasco de gama . he failed to establish himself at the san siro despite being handed his debut by rafa benitez as an 18-year-old .
newport county striker chris zebroski was jailed for four years and four months for robbery , attempted robbery and assault . the 28-year-old now faces an uncertain future in football after admitting four charges relating to two incidents at swindon crown court . the former cheltenham , bristol rovers and millwall player crashed his bmw into a taxi in december .
john carver says he is enjoying the task of trying to turn newcastle 's season around despite all appearances . the 50-year-old has suffered a torrid time since replacing alan pardew as head coach at st james ' park until at least the end of the season . newcastle have won just two games under carver and fans are desperate for him not to be named manager .
wales are unbeaten in euro 2016 qualifying and would be within touching distance of the finals in france should they beat belgium in june . aaron ramsey admits the banter with the likes of theo walcott , jack wilshere and danny welbeck is starting to fly . wales could even secure a place among the top seeds at the 2018 world cup qualifying draw this summer .
leeds beat reigning champions st helens 41-16 on friday night . danny mcguire crossed for one of his side 's seven tries . the 19-year-old handley got his big chance due to an injury to tom briscoe and how he has seized it .
elephants invaded a village in the murshidabad district of india . ramiul sheikh , 50 , was violently knocked to the ground after desperately trying to outrun the animal . he survives a second charge from the angry elephant - narrowly escaping being crushed to death by the five-ton mammal .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-final on saturday . mesut ozil says he is now playing his best football since joining the gunners in the summer of 2013 . the 26-year-old says he was exhausted at the start of the season . click here for arsenal transfer news .
incident happened as pilot was trying to land the aircraft at fort lauderdale executive airport around 4.30 pm on sunday . the unnamed pilot declared an emergency , but the plane crashed shortly after in a wooded area close to the runway . the reason for the crash is not yet known .
martin fletcher claims fire was not an accident and has revealed sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham . west yorkshire police today said they would review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy . fletcher , a survivor of the blaze , spent 15 years researching the disaster in which his brother andrew , 11 , his uncle peter , 32 , and his grandfather eddie , 63 , were all killed .
the fire began around 11:30 a.m. sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo , wgrz reported . police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes , according to the television station . the cover flew high into the air as the man yelled ` heads-up ! ' several times .
the seven women and five men who voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder this week say it was a heart-wrenching decision . on thursday , the jury and alternate jurors say down with cnn 's anderson cooper to talk about the trial that has consumed their lives for the past three months . however , they maintained that hernandez 's notoriety did n't have an impact on their decision .
black cat rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in bydgoszcz , northern poland . he snuggles up to the dogs and cats that are brought in for help . the green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in october after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection .
officials in wuhan , the capital city of central china 's hubei province , have accused tourists of damaging a statue of yu the great 's wife . over the decade that the statue has been in place , people have been touching yu 's back , and his wife 's exposed breast .
the recorded cell phone conversation , which the company released to reporters , shows john hargrove using the n-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend . in the five-minute video , he discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head . seaworld is mounting a smear campaign against him in an attempt to distract from his message .
the video maker and artist holds up two stacked cups that he has stacked into one another . drawn on the inside cup is a head and torso and pictured on the outside cup are a selection of haircuts . the video maker initially uploaded the video to reddit and claims to be influenced by japanese comics .
the dog named stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers . stains ' owner laughs hysterically while videoing his pet sitting alongside two other dogs at home . similar to a lion , the dog 's tail remains unshaved apart from the very top of it .
brian the lar gibbon , who is 50-years-old , was videoed by amanda dorman . the seven-second video shows the critter 's creepy walk on a visit to the park . it was then shared over 130,000 times before the lad bible page picked it up .
dullel kassab fled to raqqa in syria with her children last year . the 28-year-old has a new husband , as the islamic state does n't permit unmarried foreign women to stay in raqqa . the children 's paternal grandparents say they are worried kassabs , 28 , is ` brainwashing ' the children .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats , but in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix . immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable . let 's hope the two children she lives with do n't follow her lead and they learn to love their greens .
kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd pak performing a very skillful trick . video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws . keeping her eyes fixed on the toy , she then proceeds to lift it into the air being careful not to drop it .
aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since the start of last season . his last one -- the only goal of the game at burnley meant the world , because it was for someone special . ramsey will be on ` normal tv ' when the bbc screen today 's fa cup semi-final against reading .
jessica ennis-hill became a national hero when she won heptathlon gold at the london 2012 olympics . the 29-year-old has not competed since the same event in 2013 and gave birth to her son , reggie , last summer . the sheffield-born star will return to the olympic stadium three years on to compete in the sainsbury 's anniversary games .
the 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from anderlecht 's youth set-up . the belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies . manuel pellegrini is looked to build for the future by snapping up hot property evangelos patoulidis .
blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender thomas piermayr . the 25-year-old has been training with the championship club this week . the former austria u21 international had a spell with inverness caledonian thistle in 2011 . click here for more transfer news .
roland giroux captured his remarkable relationship on camera . he gently cups the blood parrot cichlid with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage . the fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between the man 's fingers .
aaron galloway , 23 , was on a half-term city break to prague . he left his expensive slr camera on the seat as he landed in the czech republic capital . ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the # 499 nikon .
manchester city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a # 24million deal for alvaro negredo . negredo joined valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the mestalla . reports in spain suggested that valencia are having second thoughts about keeping negredo next season .
mauricio pochettino believes europa league participation could hamper tottenham 's chances of qualifying for next season 's champions league . spurs could yet secure another season in the european elite club competition . but the magpies boss fears another year in the competition could have a detrimental impact on their hopes of entering europe 's elite club .
jon flanagan will speak to liverpool about a new contract at the end of the season . the 22-year-old has not played a minute of first-team football in 11 months . liverpool manager brendan rodgers is a big fan of the liverpudlian .
tiger woods and rory mcilroy were paired up in the final round of the 2015 masters at augusta national golf club . the world no 1 finished six shots behind the eventual winner . the 21-year-old american held a four-shot lead heading into sunday 's final round .
maria sharapova has pulled out of russia 's fed cup semi-final with a leg inury . russian tennis federation said she was looking forward to playing in sochi . the 27-year-old 's last appearance was in the miami open at end of march .
sania mirza became the first indian to climb to the top of the wta doubles ranking after she teamed up with swiss great martina hingis . the 28-year-old beat casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6-0 , 6-4 in just 57 minutes to achieve the top ranking milestone . mirza had once been tipped for success as a singles player .
angelique kerber beat madison keys 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 in the family circle cup final in charleston . the german won 12 of the next 16 to tie the match at 5-4 . kerber had defeated friend , countrywoman and defending champion andrea petkovic in the semifinals .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix on sunday night . mercedes boss toto wolff is confident the matter has been laid to rest . hamilton was absolved of any blame by mercedes non-executive chairman niki lauda but the problem did at least provide another scenario .
toto wolff says nico rosberg and lewis hamilton will have to deal with ` unpopular calls ' for their drivers in light of ferrari 's revival this season . the british driver won the chinese grand prix but has come under fire from his mercedes team-mate . hamilton insisted he was merely looking after his tyres to ensure they lasted during the crucial middle stint of the race .
lewis hamilton is bidding to win his first world championship title . mika hakkinen says mercedes team-mate nico rosberg deliberately compromising his race at last weekend 's chinese grand prix . hamilton accused hamilton of driving too slow and compromising his second position .
lewis hamilton insists he is ready for further criticism from mercede 's team-mate nico rosberg following sunday 's chinese grand prix . hamilton claimed hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race , drawing him back into a chasing sebastian vettel in his ferrari . mercedes top brass toto wolff and niki lauda insist hamilton was not at fault , with the eventual one-two
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg had their say on sunday 's chinese grand prix . hamilton said his team-mate had been ` selfish ' by slowing down while leading the race . vettel did not manage to do so and finished third in shanghai .
wasps beat welsh 40-13 at the kassam stadium in aviva premiership . tom varndell , ashley johnson , sailosi tagicakibau and alapati leiua scored tries for wasps . chris elder scored welsh 's second try in the second period .
great britain 's medal hopes have taken a hit after aaron cook 's switch to represent moldova was confirmed . the 24-year-old from dorset has had his citizenship change ratified after the breakdown of his relationship with the british olympic association . cook has not competed for gb since missing out on selection for london 2012 .
michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio , although the 18-time olympic champion wo n't swim in the world championships this summer . phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run on wednesday . he will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by usa swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall .
nigel pearson has urged his players to focus on their own job . leicester host swansea in the premier league on saturday . the foxes remain bottom of the table after back-to-back wins . jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion .
raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with liverpool team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season . here , sportsmail details five other misbehaving stars away from the field . jack wilshere was pictured smoking in a swimming pool in las vegas a year later .
celtic beat kilmarnock 4-1 in the scottish cup semi-final on wednesday . leigh griffiths scored a hat-trick to guide his team to victory . the former hibs front man was named man of the match despite playing for just over half an hour .
newcastle owner mike ashley bought a 9.8 per cent stake in rangers . but he is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with hampden chiefs designed to limit his power at ibrox . ashley gave the club 's old board a # 5million loan in january which remains outstanding .
real madrid could be set to play in a grey and yellow away kit if pictures leaked by a website turn out to be accurate . the pink touches from this season 's shirts will also be dropped , in a return to classic real madrid jerseys . the away kit will feature yellow trim and a greyed-out badge .
maria sharapova will play for her country against germany in the fed cup semi-finals this month . the world no 2 rarely plays fed cup , citing a busy schedule . russia captain anastasia myskina has also picked svetlana kuznetsova and elena vesnina .
juan mata has collected his player of the month award for march . mata scored both goals as manchester united overturned liverpool with a 2-1 win at anfield . spain international has been excluded from the spain squad since their group exit from the 2014 world cup in brazil .
us president barack obama visited jamaica this week , as he became the first american president to visit the island nation since 1982 . when obama met usain bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark ` lightning pose ' . before the pair busted out in the sprinter 's signature pose , obama praised him saying ` nobody 's ever been faster ' .
usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas . the six-time olympic gold medallist will compete in the relay championship on may 2 and 3 . bolt insists he always does ` his best to make his country proud ' .
michael phelps is entered in the 100-meter butterfly on thursday , 100m backstroke and 400m freestyle on saturday . the april 15-18 meet has attracted some of the top u.s. swimmers , including ryan lochte , who is considering an olympic comeback at the 2016 rio games .
manchester united boss louis van gaal was stunned to find players could not train after dark at the swish complex . he immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights . if united are due to play a night match he would prefer them to prepare by training under lights and should be playing in a 3pm kick-off in the winter .
edwin van der sar is convinced louis van gaal will bring the glory days to manchester united on saturday . united head to chelsea in top form , having won six successive matches . but van der der sar admits the title is probably beyond united 's grasp this season . click here for man utd transfer news .
andy murray marries long-term girlfriend kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday . the world no 3 posted a hilarious series of ` emojis ' to his 2.98 million followers . murray 's friend and tennis player jamie delgado also tweeted how the scot has been preparing for the big day .
emmanuel adebayor joined tottenham from manchester city in 2011 . the 31-year-old has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season . adeabyor 's last premier league goal for spurs came during a 1-2 defeat by newcastle back in october last year .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages . the togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane . mauricio pochettino 's side are now willing to pay a percentage of his wages next season .
wolfsburg beat freiburg 1-0 to reach the german cup semi-finals . ricardo rodriguez scored the winner from the penalty spot . wolfsburg join borussia dortmund in the final four after jurgen klopp 's side came from behind to beat hoffenheim .
andre schurrle admits he was relieved to end his goal drought . the 24-year-old scored his first goal since joining from chelsea in february . wolfsburg are seven points clear of borussia monchengladbach after saturday 's win . schurle admits it was a difficult game to overcome .
david luiz came off the bench in psg 's 3-1 defeat against barcelona . the ex-chelsea defender was nutmegged twice by luis suarez . former england boss glenn hoddle believes he should not play in central defence again after his horror show .
radamel romeu is on loan at chelsea from bundesliga side stuttgart . the midfielder predicts the scores for the weekend 's premier league and fa cup matches . the pair also predict the scores of manchester united to stamford bridge , while aston villa and liverpool clash at wembley .
bayern munich were beaten 3-1 by porto in the champions league quarter-final first leg on wednesday . thomas muller , manuel neuer and pep guardiola were pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to bavaria . the defeat was the price the five-time european champions paid for a string of injuries and a tired squad that has not stopped playing .
portugal beat bayern munich 3-1 in the champions league quarter-final . ricardo quaresma and another from jackson martinez scored the goals . portugal 's record opted for the pun ` fantasporto ' as their headline for the next day , while abola simply write : ` superb ! ' .
bayern munich lost 3-1 against porto on wednesday night in portugal . pep guardiola remains manchester city 's first choice to become manager . manuel pellegrini has been under pressure lately as his side fell out of the race for the premier league title .
christian benteke has scored eight goals in his last six games for aston villa . the belgium striker has been rejuvenated under tim sherwood . villa face liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley 's turf post-haste on sunday .
john wild was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service , pay compensation and cover court fees . the 32-year-old was found guilty of racially abusing jason brown while he was playing for dartford in a vanarama conference fixture at bristol rovers last october . kick it out has welcomed the successful prosecution of brown .
russian premier league team torpedo moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a nazi symbol . the punishment will not take effect until may because torpedo are already required to play their next two home home games behind closed doors . torpedo fans will be barred from the club 's next three away games , with the exception of women and children under 13 .
milan 's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during sunday 's 4-0 win over paris saint-germain . milan says it does ` not want to magnify the issue ' and ` truly hopes that these reports are n't true or that it was simply a sporadic incident ' .
kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the pr battle with the england and wales cricket board without calling on any outside assistance . agent adam wheatley , co-founder of the company with sir ian botham , insists that everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former sun editor david yelland in 2012 .
jockey aidan coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride that will finally help him banish his crabbie 's grand national blues at aintree . the 26-year-old rides well-backed the druids nephew , stepping in for broken leg victim barry geraghty on the neil mulholland-trained gelding . the eight-year old is a 12-1 shot for the # 1million steeplechase but
ben flower was given the honour of leading wigan warriors ' victory song . the 27-year-old helped them to a 30-20 win over warrington on his return from a six-month suspension . flower was sent off in the warriors ' grand final defeat by st helens last october .
ben flower made his return from a six-month suspension for punching lance hohaia in the opening moments of wigan 's grand final defeat by st helens . wigan fans were delighted at half-time when the club announced the re-signing of tomkins on a four-year deal from new zealand warriors .
sam tomkins has agreed to rejoin wigan after cutting short his stay in the nrl with new zealand warriors and rejoin his home-town club on a four-year contract from 2016 . tomkins left wigan at the end of their 2013 grand final triumph . he sought a release from the auckland-based warriors after becoming homesick .
manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent in june . swansea 's gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has performed well in the cups . liverpool 's first-choice right-back kolo toure -lrb- liverpool -rrb- is still a regular at the merseyside club .
nigel pearson played under howard wilkinson at sheffield wednesday . the foxes have beaten west ham and west brom in their last two games . they host swansea on saturday looking for a third straight win . wilkinson won the first division title with leeds in 1992 .
former qpr chairman gianni paladini has registered as a director of a new bradford city holding company in what appears to be the first move towards taking control at valley parade . the italian has been searching for a way back into football since he left loftus road in 2011 and has attempted to buy birmingham city from carson yeung .
jenna louise driscoll , 25 , was due to face brisbane magistrates court on monday on seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs . she was charged last year with three counts of bestiality with her dog . the 25-year-old returned home with an unidentified man and a dog last october .
gareth bale was verbally abused by supporters outside real madrid 's training ground on wednesday morning . it came almost a month after the world 's most expensive footballer 's white bentley was attacked by fans at the valdebebas base . bale has become a scapegoat for the club and was slaughtered by spanish media after his one-on-one miss .
alex oxlade-chamberlain is struggling to recover from a groin injury . the arsenal midfielder has been ruled out of the fa cup semi-final . arsene wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week but admits the inflammation has not completely cleared .
diafra sakho tore a thigh muscle during west ham 's 1-1 draw with stoke . the 25-year-old is set to miss the rest of the season with the injury . west ham claimed the senegal international could return ` before the end of the campaign ' .
sam allardyce 's contract at west ham expires at the end of the season . the hammers dropped points by conceding late against stoke city . marko arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser to once again see west ham lose points late on in a game .
garry monk believes a strong finish will put a different slant on everton 's season . the spaniard was lauded by everton fans last season as the club qualified for europe with a fifth-placed finish in the barclays premier league . everton have only removed the spectre of relegation by winning their last three matches .
garry monk says he will listen to michu before deciding whether he will be returning to swansea after his loan spell at napoli . the spaniard has spent a frustrating season on loan at the italian outfit . monk has made just five appearances for rafa bentitez 's serie a giants .
nicola salerno has resigned from his role as leeds united 's sporting director . the 58-year-old italian 's departure comes six days after assistant head coach steve thompson was suspended . cellino , banned from having any executive influence at elland road until may 4 due to a tax conviction in italy .
danny ings has found goals hard to come by in recent weeks . burnley boss sean dyche hopes the barren spell is not weighing too heavily on the 23-year-old 's mind . dyche is confident that if ings starts to enjoy playing more , the goals will flow for the striker .
aston villa beat tottenham 1-0 at white hart lane on saturday . tim sherwood scored the winning goal for villa on the 35th minute . sherwood was visibly delighted at recording a victory with his side . the former england captain is renowned for his fiery displays on the touchline .
cristiano ronaldo scored his first free-kick in 57 attempts to send real madrid into a 3-0 victory over eibar . manchester united loanee javier ` chicharito ' hernandez scored a second this was another win that had wrapped up before half time . luka modric was fouled 25-yards out in a central position that bounced just in front of xabier irureta .
cristiano ronaldo 's yellow card against rayo vallecano was rescinded . carlo ancelotti is considering iker casillas , toni kroos , james rodriguez and gareth bale . mundo deportivo are reporting that if barcelona beat sevilla , then they 're ` halfway to la liga ' .
fernando torres scored his first ever league own goal during atletico madrid 's 2-2 la liga draw with malaga . the spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner over his own line to pull malaga back into the game before half-time . torres has scored just four times for diego simeone 's side .
real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2-0 on wednesday night . iker casillas kept a clean sheet against the la liga giants . the 33-year-old has regularly been booed by his own supporters . casillas was asked if he should be kept out of the firing line .
alex s had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in munich , germany . he was charged 2,000 euros -lrb- # 1,435 -rrb- . he believed series of operations would help him regain his vitality . it is thought he believed operation would help cure mr s , who lived in woods .
stuart broad admits he was sorry to see paul downton leave his role in the ecb . downton was sacked as ecb managing director after a dismal world cup this year . strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart are all former england captains who would all bring their own experience and knowledge to the role .
jimmy anderson takes part in an england practice session on saturday . the 32-year-old is the leading test wicket-taker in england 's history . anderson says he wants to continue playing test cricket for as long as possible . he says he could be dropped from the 50-over team as england rebuild .
moeen ali will join up with england ahead of their second test in the caribbean , starting in grenada on april 21 . ali averaged 38 with a strike-rate of 105 -- one of the few glimmers of light in an otherwise benighted tournament for england . moeen struggled with the short ball during his introduction to test cricket last summer .
andrew strauss says the kevin pietersen affair is a ` distraction ' for english cricket . strauss said he can see no way back for the man he fell out with so badly over the messages sent to south african opponents apparently criticising him as captain three years ago . the ecb and the england team 's efforts to move on from him have n't worked so far .
thierry henry hailed the display of francis coquelin in arsenal 's 1-0 win over burnley at turf moor on saturday night . the 23-year-old midfielder played a key role in aaron ramsey 's 12th-minute goal when he intercepted a burnley pass and got his team on the front foot . henry was speaking on sky sports ' coverage of the premier league encounter .
west ham drew 1-1 with stoke city at upton park on saturday . sam allardyce was left disappointed after seeing his concede late . the hammers remain in the top 10 despite their late slip-up . diafra sakho is set for a spell on the sidelines with a thigh injury .
michael owen surprised his colleagues on bt sport 's fletch and sav show on saturday . the former england striker said he did n't believe charlie adam 's strike was worthy of goal of the season . owen , who scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for liverpool , real madrid , newcastle , manchester united and stoke , appreciated a degree of expertise to execute such a shot .
manchester city face west ham united at the etihad stadium on sunday . manuel pellegrini 's side have lost four of their last five games . city have already talked to borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp two years ago when they were seeking to replace roberto mancini .
sarah sparkman , a lawyer from arkansas , tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized on screen . her observation infuriated mchenry in a fight that ended with the reporter raging : ` you sound really bitter . if you work as hard as you say you do , you would n't bash more successful ppl on twitter ' .
deputy michael hubbard from the spartanburg county sheriff 's office is seen approaching the unidentified female on the i-26 . when the officer asks what she is doing , she turns to him and says : ` just looking for my way out and being at peace ' . after being dragged back from the ledge , the woman is then placed in the patrol car and can be heard crying .
officer jeffrey swett was allegedly run over by william bogard in january after the suspect stole his car while it was running . swett suffered two broken arms , a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma , while bogard has pleaded not guilty . the suspect faces 19 years to life in prison if he is convicted and the preliminary hearing will resume on monday .
the usc women 's tennis team won the pac-12 championship on thursday . the second-ranked girls defeated the women of the university of california - los angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win . then in celebrating their big victory , they broke the trophy .
the crowd tried to storm the club tsunami in the chilean capital santiago . a large group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub . three people died after a crush developed outside the club . seven people are in a critical condition according to police general hugo insulza .
stephen taylor , 54 , went missing in the solent after leaving lee-on-solent at 11.30 am yesterday in his kayak with the intention of paddling west to lepe beach . the experienced canoeist was in touch with his partner michelle fuller , 49 , throughout the day - but when he failed to return home late in the evening she alrted police . a coastguard helicopter , rescue teams and lifeboats were launched to search off the coast of hill
the creatures were discovered at blairgowrie pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration spot . the full migration is expected to occur in two to five weeks when the water temperature will drop to 14 degrees celsius . these mobile mounds gather annually from april to july during what is thought to be their mating practice .
jacob polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the sec ` globe ' centre in kiev , ukraine . his friend jamal maslow , who fell off the roof first , broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps . witnesses rushed over to the teenagers , both 17 , after the accident and found mr maslow in huge amounts of pain .
bbc presenter lineker will present the match of the day 50th anniversary special broadcast at wembley on saturday . the bbc even gave us a moment of history at half-time with pundits phil neville and robbie savage . sanchez scored his side 's winning goal in the fa cup semi-final .
carlos tevez opened the scoring for juventus after 17 minutes . leonardo bonucci pushed juventus 15 points clear of second place . the result brought lazio 's run of six consecutive victories to an end . sampdoria were held to an unlikely goalless draw by cesena .
bbc radio 5 live commentator guy mowbray 's notes for monday night 's premier league clash between liverpool and newcastle posted ahead of kick-off . bbc commentator predicted that 18-year-old midfielder cameron brannagan would make his first liverpool start . but he incorrectly predicted the starting line-ups , naming 19 of the 22 players who took to the field .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday . the reigning world champion won his second race in three races this season . but his podium celebrations have drawn some criticism . a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as ` selfish and inconsiderate ' .
nathaniel clyne has been told he is england 's first choice right-back . the southampton defender is being tracked by manchester united and chelsea . roy hodgson 's side face a huge fight to keep him beyond the end of the season . click here for all the latest southampton news .
brendan rodgers has met with raheem sterling to remind him of his professional responsibilities at liverpool . the liverpool midfielder was caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe . rodgers spoke to sterling as well as jordon ibe on thursday and the club insist the case is now closed .
newcastle are set to strip fabricio coloccini of the captaincy this summer . the magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed to lead the team this year and that has infuriated coaching staff . head coach john carver says the club will review that position at the end of the season .
manchester city defeated city 4-2 in the premier league on sunday . wayne rooney has revealed that united 's game plan was to target city 's work-shy midfield . united captain ashley young celebrated his prominent role in the win by laughing at ` noisy neighbours ' .
ashley young scored in sunday 's 4-2 derby victory over manchester united . the 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under louis van gaal . young is now being touted for a return to the england set-up . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .
tom ince scored two fantastic goals as derby drew 4-4 at huddersfield . the on-loan hull player is currently on loan at derby from premier league side hull city . ince has been in fine form for the tigers this season and has three goals ruled out . derby are currently 19th in the premier league table .
yaya toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season . manuel pellegrini has admitted he has been disappointed by toure 's level . manchester city host west ham at the hawthorns on sunday . click here for all the latest manchesterchester city news .
vincent kompany was substituted during manchester city 's 4-2 derby defeat at manchester united on sunday . the influential captain could have been sent off for a challenge on daley blind before being substituted last weekend . manuel pellergini claims he is not concerned by the mounting pressure over his position at the etihad .
nico rosberg feels he may have handed lewis hamilton a psychological advantage with his post-chinese grand prix outburst . hamilton concedes he would not do anything differently under the circumstances that materialised at the shanghai international circuit on sunday . the british driver won the chinese gp but came under fire for allegedly slowing on purpose .
pep guardiola was seduced by barcelona 's football , the 14 titles that the club won during guardiola 's four years in charge . chelsea 's dominance of the german domestic scene means guardiola may be tempted by a move this summer . manuel pellegrini 's position at manchester city is under threat as they fight for fourth place .
louis van gaal and jose mourinho come face-to-face on saturday . the duo have been friends since they first worked together at barcelona in 1997 . neville believes vanal will be proud of his friend 's achievements . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
two parrots found in burning home in boise , idaho , after calling for help . officials treated them with oxygen masks and both expected to survive . officials have yet to track down the birds ' owners , who are said to be in their 20s or 30s . it is being investigated and no people were found inside the home .
youtube user elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` the big egg has another normal egg in it ! ' . while the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon . this is when a second oocyte -lrb- yolk -rrb- is
roma failed to make the most of lazio 's defeat to league leaders juventus . francesco totti gave roma the lead from the spot in the third minute . atalanta leveled with a penalty of their own and roma could n't convert pressure into genuine goalscoring opportunities .
jose callejon opened the scoring for rafa benitez side with a neat one-on-one finish before antonio balzano 's own-goal doubled napoli 's advantage . substitute manolo gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the partenopei just minutes after coming on to put the game well and truly beyond doubt in the early stages . catania on the other hand look set to end their spell in italy 's top division as
karim benzema has been ruled out of real madrid 's la liga clash with malaga . the frenchman limped out of training with a knee problem on tuesday . james rodriguez and cristiano ronaldo will be tasked with scoring goals in benzema 's absence .
passport agency made # 42 million profit during the chaos last summer . managers received up to # 3,500 in bonuses at the same time . ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through . problems began a year ago as hm passport office struggled to cope with 3.6 million britons applying for documents .
eric carter and stephanie mccassin , both of manchester , were arrested on warrants thursday , four months after the child 's grandmother reported finding the child in the tub . macdonald contacted authorities and removed the 3-year-old from the tub , seeming oblivious to the situation .
footage from philadelphia 's 15th street station shows one passenger lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform at 6.40 pm on wednesday night . but almost instantaneously , a man in an eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him . within a minute , transport officials arrived to deliver first aid to the men , who are expected to survive any injuries .
a qantas jet bound for perth was forced to turn back to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air . the airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30 pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors . passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart sunday afternoon .
the month-old cubs , born march 11 , were captured on video sitting before press and public at leningrad zoo in saint petersburg . from the same litter , the two cubs -- one black , the other spotty -- are the fifth brood of mother and father agnes and rock .
clyde balances on a donkey friend in a bid to reach some treetop treats . his horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves . owner says that ` fat ' clyde was nibbling up pecan leaves , which are considered a delicacy among goats .
video captured by rumble user sean c shows bourbon the doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose . at one point the youngster can barely breathe as his whole face is given a slobbery wash . some viewers have deemed the clip ` cute ' other viewers have been less impressed by the scene .
gareth bale pulled up with a calf strain after just two minutes at the bernabeu on saturday . the welsh forward was forced off and faces a race to be fit for the champions league semi-final on may 5-6 . cristiano ronaldo was the first player to go across to bale as he sat waiting for treatment .
kimberly dianne richardson , 25 , was rushed to hospital in raleigh , north carolina , but died in the early hours of sunday . daniel steele was arrested and charged with murder . her baby , a girl , survived and is being cared for at wakemed hospital .
the problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the mini cooper and cooper s . bmw says the air bag may not work properly because of a error that might prevent the vehicles ' mat detection system from sensing a passenger sitting in the front seat during a severe crash . the recall of the mats will begin may 1 .
manchester united target miranda has revealed his delight at being linked with a move to manchester united . the brazilian centre back is said to be on louis van gaal 's summer wishlist as he insists he is content with life at the vicente calderon . the 30-year-old has started brazil 's last eight matches .
liverpool 's jordan henderson and jack wilshere are the surprise names on manchester city 's summer shopping list . the struggling premier league champions know they need more english players in their starting line-up . city also maintain an interest in liverpool forward raheem sterling .
pedro could join liverpool this summer if raheem sterling leaves anfield . the 27-year-old world cup winner would command # 90,000-a-week wages . pedro would also cost considerably less than liverpool have offered their 20-year old winger . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
kenedy has represented brazil at under 17 and under 20 level . the 19-year-old has been linked with barcelona , manchester united and juventus . chelsea are favourites to complete the signing of the brazilian starlet . the blues look likely to win the race for his signature .
robin van persie has been out injured for six weeks with an ankle ligament injury ruling him out for the past six weeks . manchester united want to liven up their strikeforce in the summer and are looking to bring in two new forwards with radamel falcao expected to return . real madrid , paris saint-germain and barcelona are also in the market for back-up strikers of his level .
mats hummels has been linked with a move to manchester united . germany legend franz beckenbauer believes the defender is at the perfect point in his career to leave jurgen klopp 's side . dortmund likely to miss out on european football next season .
yaya toure will be offered a five-year contract by manchester city in the summer . roberto mancini is keen on bringing the ivory coast midfielder to the san siro . the italian believes toure has the capacity to dominate games in serie a . click here for all the latest man city news .
mats hummels has admitted he is contemplating leaving borussia dortmund . germany defender has been linked with a big-money move to manchester united . but the 26-year-old admits he may not be sticking with the club for much longer . click here for all the latest man united news .
arsenal are close to signing argentine wonderkid maxi romero from velez sarsfield for # 4.5 million . the 16-year-old has been dubbed the next lionel messi . romero 's agent rolando zarate said : ` he is the player who has most impressed him ' .
the real prize has gone to the spectacular and sometimes frightening wipe-outs . australian josh kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board and flipped head first into the break . the 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious ` box ' - a right hand barrel at margaret river 's main break . another spectacular wipe-out went to owen wright just after he dropped in on a huge wave
steven gerrard is set to start the fa cup semi-final against aston villa . the 34-year-old has flitted in and out of brendan rodgers ' side this term . liverpool face la galaxy at wembley on sunday afternoon . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
shay given will start for aston villa against liverpool in sunday 's fa cup semi-final at wembley . the republic of ireland goalkeeper played every round of newcastle 's run but was dropped in favour of steve harper . the 38-year-old has played in all four of villa 's matches this season .
arsenal captain mikel arteta is set to miss saturday 's fa cup semi-final . the 33-year-old spaniard is recovering from a minor ankle problem . arsene wenger is keen to retain the services of arteta , who is out of contract in the summer .
burnley are second from bottom with just six games remaining . sean dyche insists his team will not resort to diving and cheating in their battle against relegation . the clarets have established themselves as one of the hardest working teams in the premier league . click here for all the latest burnley news .
angel di maria was sent off against arsenal in the fa cup back in march . the # 60million signing missed manchester united 's 3-0 win over tottenham in which marouane fellaini was one of the stand out players . paul scholes says they are still some way off challenging for the title .
arsenal defender calum chambers has enjoyed a promising start to his career in north london . the 20-year-old has established himself as a first team regular having already made 36 appearances for the gunners this campaign . chambers signed from southampton last july for # 16million . click here for arsenal transfer news .
tim sherwood wants to wipe any smile from raheem sterling 's face by causing an fa cup shock at wembley on sunday . aston villa boss knows his ambitions to beat liverpool and reach the final may rest on taming sterling , a player he tried to sign for tottenham hotpur 's academy as a schoolboy . sterling has been pictured smoking shisha pipes as well as taking so-called ` hippy crack ' through a balloon .
jose mourinho claims it is easier to manage manchester united than chelsea within the modern confines of uefa 's financial fair play rules . united have the financial scope to fund a massive squad including juan mata to balance the books at the club . united boss louis van gaal will be without michael carrick , phil jones , marcos rojo and daley blind for the premier league clash at stamford bridge .
manny pacquiao faces floyd mayweather jnr on may 2 at the mgm grand garden arena in las vegas . the film charts his rise from humble beginnings to a boxing career . director paul soriano spent two years researching the film , much of it based on conversations with the 36-year-old boxer .
jordan spieth admitted he would probably sleep in the green jacket after claiming his first major title in record-breaking fashion in the 79th masters . spieth became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at augusta and only a bogey on the 18th prevented him from adding the 72-hole scoring record to the 36 and 54-hole records he set on friday and saturday . the 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind tiger woods - whose 18
rafa nadal beat lucas pouille 6-2 , 6-1 at the monte carlo masters . the 21-year-old is an eight-time french open champion . nadal will face either john isner or viktor troicki in the third round .
milos raonic and nick kyrgios will make their debuts at the aegon championships at queen 's club this summer . canada 's raonic lost to roger federer in last year 's wimbledon semi-final . the duo will join nadal , andy murray , stan wawrinka , marin cilic and defending champion grigor dimitrov .
novak djokovic beat albert ramos-vinolas 6-1 6-4 at the monte carlo masters . world no seven faces andreas haider-maurer , who defeated bernard tomic . jeremy chardy will face roger federer in the third round on wednesday .
the singles champions will each receive 1.8 m euros -lrb- # 1.3 m -rrb- , around 150,000 euros more than rafael nadal and maria sharapova picked up last year . the tournament , held at roland garros and beginning on may 24 , remains the grand slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion .
felipe massa is preparing for the bahrain grand prix this weekend . the brazilian driver says he is performing as good as he was in 2008 . williams head of vehicle performance rob smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of brazil in their nine years working together .
lewis hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the chinese grand prix was ' a fun thing ' . the incident drew condemnation from object , a campaign group against sexism , which condemned hamilton 's behaviour as ` selfish and inconsiderate ' . hamilton has since defended hamilton and called on him to apologise .
formula 1 racer drew criticism from around the world when he aimed the fizz directly as the face of 23-year-old grid girl liu siying . but the shanghai institute of visual art graduate , who was a ` podium girl ' at the chinese grand prix , said she did n't think much about the incident and was n't annoyed .
renault managing director cyril abiteboul has boldly declared to red bull team principal christian horner his aim that come late may there will be no further power-unit issues . last week red bull owner dietrich mateschitz warned renault to solve their problems otherwise he would consider pulling his teams out of formula one .
leighton aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back grand nationals when many clouds galloped to a famous victory in the aintree sunshine . the 25-1 shot , who was sixth in the cheltenham gold cup , is the first hennessy gold cup winner to land the prestigious prize and in the process ended his trainer oliver sherwood 's wretched record in the race . the lambourn handler had previously saddled four national
sportsmail 's racing correspondent marcus townend and britain 's no 1 tipster sam turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the race . will ap mccoy 's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite shutthefrontdoor .
ap mccoy has urged the nation to follow his aintree dream as he chases the fairytale end to his extraordinary career . shutthefrontdoor , trained by jonjo o'neill , will be the subject of an avalanche of emotional support and many once-a-year punters will pin their hopes on him .
billy vunipola cited for striking leicester 's mathew tait with his head on saturday . the incident occurred in saracens ' 22-6 win at allianz park . the former england full back will appear before a three-man panel on tuesday .
nathan charles has earned four international caps for australia . the 26-year-old is in with an outside chance of making michael chieka 's world cup squad later this year . he spoke about his diagnosis with the life-threatening illness which affects the lungs , pancreas , liver , kidneys and intestine .
matt scott was ruled out until at least the end of the season . the 25-times-capped centre is also a doubt for september 's world cup . scotland face newport gwent dragons at bt murrayfield on friday . mark bennett of glasgow will be first choice for outside-centre .
alex hales claims he is still waiting for a ` proper crack ' at one-day international cricket with england . the 26-year-old has played in only five of england 's subsequent 18 matches . hales was his own critic after making an encouraging 40 on debut in cardiff .
mustafa kamal resigned after voicing his disquiet at umpiring decisions in his country 's world cup quarter-final defeat against india in melbourne last month . icc chief executive david richardson has confirmed there will be no immediate replacement for the international cricket council president . it was also agreed at the meeting that icc will write to the sri lanka sports minister to remind that the government that intervention in the running of the national board 's affairs ` puts -ls
gary ballance hit a chanceless hundred for england on thursday . ballance 's 122 was the mainstay of england 's 333 for seven declared leaving west indies needing an unlikely 438 to win the first test . joe root formed a solid partnership with ballance and made big inroads against the home side .
former ashes captain andrew flintoff believes kevin pietersen is now ` running out of time ' to resurrect his test career . ballance , ian bell and joe root surely all now secure in the middle order for the summer . he will be 35 on june 27 , before the home ashes series starts .
england ended the day in a strong position , but it 's worth bearing in mind what happened in antigua in 2009 . stuart broad celebrates with his england team-mates after taking the wicket of kraigg brathwaite . joe root 's 142-run contribution has been largely overlooked .
anthony davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the new orleans pelicans beat the san antonio spurs 108-103 . davis , who 'll make his play-off debut against the golden state warriors , came through in the waning minutes with two jumpers , two blocks and two rebounds to prevent the spurs from pulling off a 23-point comeback . tyreke evans had 19 points and 11 assists , and eric gordon added 14 points for new orleans
aaron ramsey was relieved after arsenal fought their way past reading in extra time to return to the fa cup final . the reading goalkeeper saw the defending champions through despite garath mccleary 's goal for the royals . federici left the field in tears after fumbling sanchez 's shot through his legs and over the line for the clinching goal .
alan pardew says yannick bolasie bidding will have to start at # 20m . the crystal palace winger has excelled since alan pardew arrived in january . pardew believes pulis should get a good reception at selhurst park . click here for all the latest crystal palace news .
southampton host hull city at st mary 's on saturday -lrb- 3pm kick-off -rrb- . filip djuricicic has been ruled out of saturday 's game because of an ankle injury . steve bruce is yet to decide whether to drop out-of-form keeper allan mcgregor .
ronald koeman believes southampton will have to win their last six games to stand any chance of reaching the champions league . saints have already levelled the premier league points tally of 56 set last year . saints travel to the etihad stadium on the final day of the season and follow saturday 's match at stoke .
ryan bertrand was the fifth left-back to be called in to roy hodgson 's england squad last month . the 25-year-old has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at st mary 's , where he impressed on loan from chelsea . england face lithuania and italy in their opening euro 2016 qualifier .
moroccan winger moha el ouriachi is set to sign for stoke city . mark hughes has already signed bojan krkic and marc muniesa from barcelona . the 19-year-old now looks to be on his way to the britannia stadium .
harry kane has been nominated for pfa player of the year after a standout season with chelsea . mauricio pochettino says kane deserves to win the award for his impact on english football . kane could become the first spurs player to score 30 goals in a season .
winston reid signed a six-and-a-half year deal with west ham last month . the 26-year-old signed from midtjylland in august 2010 . reid believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at the olympic stadium . click here for all the latest west ham united news .
sam allardyce 's west ham are 10th in the premier league table . the hammers lost 4-2 to manchester united at the etihad stadium on sunday . alladyce believes the irons can yet go on to secure their best finish since winning promotion back to the top flight .
former hibs star leigh griffiths scored a hat-trick in celtic 's 3-2 win over celtic""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
celtic came from behind to beat kilmarnock at parkhead on wednesday . ronny deila said leigh griffiths should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting xi . celtic face inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday .
jose mourinho insists jurgen klopp is not coming to stamford bridge . the german has been tipped to make the move to england next season . chelsea face manchester united at the borussia dortmund on sunday . click here for all the latest stoke city news .
jose mourinho has spoken out in defence of under pressure colleague manuel pellegrini . chelsea lost six of their last eight games against manchester city . pellegr"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
stuart mccall has revealed he will be cheering on livingston on wednesday . rangers are four points ahead of hibernian in the scottish championship . ryan hardie claimed a dream double on his full debut at hampden park . hibs can close back to within a point of second place if they win their game .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . steven gerrard has played more games for liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years . the brazilian has been at anfield for eight years . lucas has been the longest-serving player at liverpool .
andy burnham said the move could unlock # 400 million to nurture the talents of the next generation of stars . shadow health secretary said labour was ready to legislate if necessary to ensure elite clubs lived up to their 1999 promise to support struggling community facilities and projects . although the league puts # 168million into grassroots sport , this represents only a fraction of the # 5billion it has taken in from tv deals between 2013 and 2016 .
jonny howson opened the scoring for norwich in the 57th minute . graham dorrans hammered his spot-kick against the underside of the ball . the 26-year-old made amends with his second goal in injury-time . howson made his return to elland road one step closer to the premier league .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final first leg on sunday . brendan rodgers ' side could see the gap between themselves and fourth place currently occupied by manchester city . in-form playmaker philippe coutinho even suggested as much ahead of their quarter-final replay at blackburn last week .
porto take a two-goal advantage to munich next tuesday for the return leg . ricardo quaresma and a second-half effort from jackson martinez secured the win . julen lopetegui said his side can now dream of reaching the semi-finals .
rampant lazio will go ` all out for victory ' against juventus on saturday . the biancoceleste have scored 18 goals and conceded just one in their last six italian league games . juventus are unbeaten at home this season but did slip to just their second defeat of the campaign last weekend in a major upset at bottom-side parma .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . marouane fellaini scored a brace to give the red devils a 2-1 lead . louis van gaal is brave enough to throw the big man into the action and give him licence to attack , regardless of aesthetics .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at the etihad on saturday . chris smalling scored united 's fourth goal in their penultimate league game . united are third in the premier league , eight points behind chelsea . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
emmanuel adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the arc de triomphe in paris . the tottenham striker has only one year left to run on his current contract at white hart lane . the form of spurs academy graduate harry kane could leave this summer .
fish die-offs are a frequent occurrence in rio 's waterways , which are choked with raw sewage and rubbish within it . the latest incident , affecting thousands of small silvery fish called twaite shad , began several days ago at the rodrigo de freitas lake , where the olympic canoeing and rowing events are to be held .
the french state railway company made an official complaint to french prosecutors saying the action in sunday 's prestigious race had risked a deadly tragedy . the last of the riders went through the barrier about eight seconds before the tgv train arrived at the waller crossing , 87 kilometers -lrb- 54 miles -rrb- from the end of the so called ` hell of the north ' race . sncf have spoken of their fury at the riders who breached a safety barrier as a train approached .
liverpool face manchester city at anfield on monday night . brendan rodgers ' side are seven points behind fourth-placed man city . the reds have a game in hand on their rivals . rodgers will be telling his squad that it is not insurmountable . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
mamadou sakho limped off the field during liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final victory against blackburn rovers on wednesday . the french centre-back faces three to four weeks out of action with a hamstring injury . liverpool manager brendan rodgers will have to plan without the services of the defender .
jordon ibe is set to sign a new long-term contract at liverpool . the 19-year-old damaged his knee ligaments against besiktas on february 26 . ibe has looked ` absolutely sensational ' after stepping up his rehabilitation work in the last couple of weeks .
mario balotelli tweeted : ` yeeeees city @aguerosergiokun !!! 1-0 old trafford ... stand up and shut up ' . manchester city lost 4-2 to manchester united in the premier league on monday . aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes at the etihad stadium .
kimi raikkonen finished fourth at the chinese grand prix on sunday . the finn is confident ferrari can catch and regularly beat their german rivals . but the 35-year-old sees no reason why he can not win this year 's formula one season . raikkel finished fourth in the last three races of this season .
carlton cole and nathaniel clyne were among premier league stars to attend a special event to tackle ebola on sunday night . the event was a fundraising reception for the charity , which was founded by godfrey torto . pictures from the event were shared on the charity 's facebook page .
manny pacquiao trained on the streets of los angeles on friday . the filipino swapped the gym for the great outdoors as he worked on his fitness and stamina in preparation for a lengthy bout against floyd mayweather . the 36-year-old was joined by his dog pacman as he ran around one of the north america 's largest urban parks .
manny pacquiao has unveiled his mouthpiece ahead of his bout with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . the filipino boxer is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat upon mayweather . the fight is reportedly worth # 300million -lrb- # 205million -rrb- .
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday night . louis van gaal was at the go-to restaurant for footballers and celebrities . toni duggan uploaded a photograph on instagram of her , christiansen and everton 's michelle hinnigan in a restaurant .
manchester united are favourites to sign burnley striker danny ings . ings has scored nine goals for burnley in his first season in the premier league . louis van gaal is attempting to use the same method to trump their rivals . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
manchester city face a battle to even finish in the top four . stuart pearce believes manuel pellegrini should be given more time . the 61-year-old blamed city 's poor run of form on the fading influence of ivorian yaya toure and fernandinho .
david villa was invited to ring the opening bell for the new york stock exchange on monday . the 33-year-old made the move to the newly formed mls outfit this season . his bell ringing comes just weeks after a photo shoot at the top of the empire state building .
craig gardner scored a spectacular strike as west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 at the selhurst park on saturday . the welshman left palace on the eve of the new season and has since taken over at the hawthorns . but gardner knows the job is still not yet complete even if west now sit eight points clear of the bottom three .
rafa benitez has amassed a grand total of zero league titles . liverpool , inter , chelsea -lrb- and napoli -rrb- were all dispensed of either that summer or the one that followed . he also brought in hapless djimi traore and czech forward milan baros .
ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night . wigan forward punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban . the 27-year-old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of thursday 's match .
falkirk beat hibernian 1-0 in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden park . craig sibbald opened the scoring in the 74th minute with a stooping header . the travelling falkirk supporters celebrated taking the lead against hibernian in the semi-finals .
sky sports pundit gary neville has laid into referee lee mason after he failed to award newcastle a penalty during their 2-0 defeat at liverpool . an incident in the 38th minute of the game saw ayoze perez felled by a reckless challenge from dejan lovren . neville said mason 's perfect positioning should have led him to make the correct call .
manchester united beat manchester city 7.5 at old trafford on sunday . david de gea opened the scoring for louis van gaal 's side . phil jones made some crucial interception tackles for united . chris smalling made up for his needless red card in the derby .
aitor karanka is targeting wins from all of his side 's remaining fixtures . wolves are seven points behind boro but only outside the play-offs on goal difference after saturday 's 2-1 defeat to midlands rivals birmingham . head coach kenny jackett admits they have played must-win games for a while .
alex tettey 's early own goal handed middlesbrough a slim victory . bournemouth relinquished first place , play their game in hand against sheffield wednesday and watford this afternoon . adomah attempts to finish from close range after norwich midfielder 's goalbound header .
ben gibson 's uncle , boro chairman steve gibson , has overseen some of middlesbrough 's most significant times in the club 's history . juninho , alen boksic and gaizka mendieta , before that there had been the likes of fabrizio ravanelli , emerson and paul gascoigne . gibson helped save the teessiders from liquidation in 1986 and eight years later took control , his investment seeing them win
odion ighalo opened the scoring for nottingham forest in the 72nd minute . matthew connolly doubled forest 's lead in the second half with a header . gary gardner added a third for the hornets after just four minutes . almen abdi made certain of the points in the closing stages .
ryan dearnley won the chance to walk out at wembley when the royals beat huddersfield in the third round of the fa cup . the 10-year-old supporter had said he hoped arsenal beat reading . but footage of him backing arsenal in third round sparked a furious response from reading supporters .
yaya toure will not be forced out of manchester city , but the club are set to make him available this summer . sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the premier league champions will listen to offers for the ivorian . he is said to be content with life at the etihad stadium despite the difficulties and is in no rush to leave .
former manchester city boss sven goran eriksson said they should be winning the premier league rather than battling to stay in the top four . city host west ham on sunday but a champions league spot next year is still in doubt with just four points separating them and fifth place liverpool with six games to play . he said they have underperformed given their financial clout .
yaya toure , sergio aguero , martin demichelis and eliaquim mangala chose to pull on their woolies for april 's blockbuster manchester derby . temperatures in the north west on sunday afternoon were not exactly soaring - hitting between six and eight degrees celsius by the time of the 4pm kick off .
paul scholes hopes ryan giggs will go on and be one of the best manager 's in the world . scholes believes outgoing borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp would be a welcome addition to the premier league . bayern munich 's head coach pep guardiola will head to etihad stadium once his contract expires at the end of next season .
jurgen klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday . former manchester city midfielder dietmar hamann believes klopp would be the ideal fit as manager there . the 47-year-old won the bundesliga title twice during his seven years as dortmund manager .
craig cathcart fired watford into the lead with a stunning strike in the 56th minute . the hornets went into the game knowing a win would take them back into the automatic promotion places following middlesbrough 's victory at norwich on friday . chris maguire 's stoppage-time penalty at the goldsands stadium denied the cherries and left watford on top of the pile .
manuel pellegrini should be ` able to correct the things that have gone wrong ' says gary neville . the chilean has been critical of manchester city 's form in recent weeks . neville believes keeping faith in the manager would bring some stability to the etihad stadium .
barcelona beat psg 3-1 at parc des princes on wednesday night . luis suarez scored a double in the first half to replace thiago silva . the brazilian was prematurely brought back from injury to replace luiz . suarez cheekily nutmegged ex-liverpool ace keanu reus .
everton striker romelu lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend at home to burnley . roberto martinez admits he would not be able to ease the striker through the remainder of the season even if he wanted to . the 21-year-old has had over the last 10 months taking in the world cup in brazil and then heading into a premier league and european campaign .
everton manager roberto martinez insists sylvain distin still has time to prove he deserves a new deal . the 37-year-old defender has played more for the under-21s in the last month than he has the first team . alcaraz , who joined everton from wigan where he played under martinez , will be retained .
unbeaten championship leaders leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as super league club salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup . the centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the red devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at leigh sports village and stretch their winning run to 21 matches . the build-up to the fifth-round tie was dominated by the selection by former england forward gareth hock despite an agreement not to play
the world cup has only ever been hosted by the major countries - australia , new zealand , france and great britain . the rugby league international federation board has said expressions of interest will be sought by the first quarter of 2015 . the hosts for the 16th rugby league world cup are expected to be named in october 2016 .
paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his hudderfield side 's misfiring attack . the giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the easter holiday period . huddersfield go into sunday 's home game against catalans dragons with the best defensive record in the league .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal said that is a great time to be a manchester united supporter . united moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place . the dutch manager thanked supporters for their patience .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal 's men have gone from joint top on new year 's day to 12 points off the leaders and looking over their shoulders at the likes of liverpool , tottenham and southampton . united are now playing with a cutting edge and with confidence .
yaya toure 's attacking gifts are n't enough to make up for his defensive deficiencies , says sky sports pundit gary neville . manchester city were poor for all but the opening 15 minutes against louis van gaal 's side at old trafford and neville said : ` it 's a crossroads for them now ' . neville singled out toure as an example of the ` weeds ' at the etihad .
alex hales believes england 's players are n't competing in enough twenty20 competitions . hales was at edgbaston on thursday at the launch of this season 's t20 domestic competition . two foot soldiers in the recent world cup fiasco called for some rethinking of the domestic structure to avoid a repeat of what happened in australia and new zealand .
andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his england career . england have won their last three tests under cook , pre-dating a miserable world cup , and took a three-figure first-innings lead in the first match of three tests .
andrew flintoff has called on the english cricketing public to show their love for the natwest twenty20 blast . the blast 's stock is at a new high , in its second year and 12th for the twenty20 domestic format , with the england and wales cricket board announcing much-improved advance ticket sales and a clutch of overseas superstars such as brendon mccullum set to take part . cook has brought him two more failures at the top of the
michael vaughan praised alastair cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed for 13 caught by sulieman benn . cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the one day captaincy at the end of last year . the former england captain is seeking more clarity over the role .
bayern munich face eintracht frankfurt in the bundesliga quarter-final . pep guardiola says his team 's injury situation is ` critical ' . mehdi benatia was ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury . wingers arjen robben and franck ribery and midfielders bastian schweinsteiger , david alaba and javi martinez are also sidelined .
bayern munich travel to porto for the champions league quarter-final first leg . bastian schweinsteiger and franck ribery are out with an ankle injury . pep guardiola has a long injury list to contend with as he aims for domestic and european glory .
manchester city are planning a mega-bid for raheem sterling . the transfer window officially opens on july 1 but deals can be discussed between clubs prior to that date . city believe they are leading the race to land sterling this summer . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
daley blind played his part in manchester united 's 4-2 derby win over city . the holland international also warned that united need to focus on the end of this season rather than thinking about challenging for the title next year . united face chelsea on saturday in the champions league .
angel di maria and radamel falcao were left on the bench against manchester city on sunday . louis van gaal replaced belgian marouane fellaini with seven minutes to play . david moyes once said smalling and jones were good enough to become england 's central defensive pairing .
manchester city lost 4-2 to united at old trafford on sunday afternoon . manuel pellegrini accepted the blame for the defeat . the premier league champions have lost six of their last eight games . patrick vieira is in charge of city 's under-21 development squad .
sir vivian richards believes james anderson is a worthy heir to sir ian botham . anderson will earn his 100th test cap on monday when england take on the west indies at the antiguan ground that bears richards ' name . richards is well placed to judge the scale of anderson 's achievements .
jimmy anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua on monday . england quick james anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england 's top test wicket taker . anderson was known as pro killer during his days with burnley .
england take on west indies in the first test at the oval on monday . alastair cook is desperate to avoid being distracted by the seismic changes going on all around him . cook and his england team-mates share a few words in practice ahead of the test . the new director of cricket and the ever-present spectre of kevin pietersen , that the imminent first test has barely registered .
kevin pietersen battered oxford 's students for 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game of red-ball cricket for 15 months . the 34-year-old 's only hope of playing for england again is to score lots of runs for surrey -- wind , rain or shine . colin graves has told him everyone has a ` clean slate ' .
steve clarke and his players will rally round goalkeeper adam federici to help him get over his wembley gaffe . the australian blew his side 's chances of beating arsenal in the fa cup semi-final by spilling alexis sanchez 's shot into his own net in extra time . federici was inconsolable after the match and clarke revealed he was ` very , very disappointed ' .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final first leg . philippe coutinho opened the scoring for the reds in the 30th minute . brendan rodgers admitted liverpool 's big-game mentality must improve . click here for liverpool transfer news .
burton albion beat morecambe 2-1 in league one on saturday . jimmy floyd hasselbaink turned his attention to winning a championship medal . the dutchman guided his side into league one for the first time in their history . scott shearer sprays his team-mates in champagne as they celebrate .
brugge forward obbi oulare scored as club brugge came from behind to beat anderlecht in front of scouts from a number of europe 's top clubs . scouts from manchester united , everton , burnley , dortmund and leverkusen were in belgium to watch the top of the table clash . sportsmail understands 19-year-old was the reason the scouts were in attendance .
ashley shupe claims her son kaiden , eight , has tried to choke himself , throw himself from a height , and stop eating . it was a reaction , she claims to repeated ` taunting , bullying and physical assault ' inflicted by one student in his class for more than a year since spetember 2013 .
music streaming service spotify has analysed 2.8 million ` sleep ' playlists . ed sheeran 's hit song , thinking out loud , is the top song that people fall asleep to . sam smith , who has enjoyed a meteoric rise to fame , scooped four grammys at this year 's awards .
footage of hummelstown police officer lisa mearkle shooting two bullets into david kassick 's back as he lay face down on the ground on february 2 was recorded by her stun gun . her attorneys asked a judge on friday to bar the distinct attorney from releasing the video . a preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for monday .
crystal mcnaughton from long beach , california , filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee . as the lea michele version of the track o holy night plays , tears appear in paul 's eyes and his lips start quivering .
steven gerrard looked glum at boujis nightclub in kensington after being knocked out of the fa cup on sunday . the liverpool captain spent the evening in the vip room with friends , knowing full well that he would end his final year at anfield without a trophy . chelsea 's victory over manchester united in the barclays premier league made it mathematically impossible for liverpool to catch the league leaders .
michael fyson , 77 , has grown his own fruit and veg for more than 10 years . he and his wife , margaret , 78 , live the good life as they are largely self-sufficient . oldham council has called on the council to pay out compensation for the problems they 've experienced .
ankit keshri , 20 , died after colliding with a team-mate during a club match in kolkata . the board of control for cricket in india confirmed on their twitter account that he had passed away after suffering ' a cardiac arrest ' . former national team captain sachin tendulkar was among several india stars to offer their condolences at the news .
angel di maria , pablo zabaleta and marcos rojo dined together at san carlo restaurant on sunday night . the united players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by chelsea on saturday . the city men were still on a high following a comfortable victory over west ham .
yorkshire side drew 0-0 at the keepmoat stadium on saturday . doncaster 's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights of the club 's youtube channel . just enough time for the kick off , a goal kick and the final whistle . the managers on the touchline during saturday 's goalless draw .
jay hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club t-shirt . he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at mossley afc in tameside was shared on social media . the 73rd minute substitute for non-league clitheroe fc , in lancashire , today admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to wayne rooney on twitter
west ham 's james collins accidentally lobbed his goalkeeper trying to clear a cross on sunday . mohammad shatnawi appeared to be trying to put the ball out of play after initially making a good save . but what happened next , as the ball looped up in the air , is inexplicable .
the queen 's ring of truth finished third to richard hannon 's desert force in the dubai duty free full of surprises handicap . the 7-1 shot , making her debut in the five furlong al basti equiworld maiden stakes , took time to understand what was required of her . the queen looked like she was enjoying her day out at newbury despite not backing a winner at the races .
lionel messi has scored so many trebles at club level he ca n't remember each one despite keeping a match ball from every game . barcelona take on psg in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday . the 27-year-old will lead the line for barcelona when they face psg .
david de gea and victor valdes made the most of the rare english sun . spanish pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time in the sun . manchester united have been struggling to make the top-four earlier in the campaign . louis van gaal 's side are currently second in the premier league .
christian eriksen was pictured kissing girlfriend sabrina kvist jensen in central london as he enjoyed a night off . the tottenham midfielder has n't registered a goal since netting the opener in a 3-0 win over west brom in january . spurs now sit seventh in the premier league table , seven points off the fourth place they need to qualify for the champions league .
jack wilshere returned from injury to captain arsenal 's u21 side . the 23-year-old will be hoping to feature in the fa cup semi-final . serge gnabry and abou diaby also featured in the game . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
mack , 23 , claims mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver , 33 , became abusive months into their one-year relationship . mack suffered 18 broken bones , a broken nose , a ruptured liver , missing teeth , and a fractured rib . she is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see him convicted of attempted murder .
chris robshaw was caught on camera holidaying in barbados . the england captain has already talked to andrew strauss and lawrence dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in the world cup . robslake 's worst fears were realised earlier this month when he was snapped on a sunshine break .
david alaba posted a video on his instagram of the cast being removed . bayern munich face porto in the champions league quarter-final . alaba is a key player for bayern and his versatility sees him play at full back or in midfield . click here for all the latest bayern news .
fabio borini appeared as a second-half substitute in liverpool 's 2-0 win against newcastle at anfield on monday . the former sunderland loanee took to social media to share pictures of his day out at adventure park in cheshire . liverpool are up to fifth in the premier league table .
gunmen stormed corinthians fan club pavilhao 9 on saturday night . they ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven . an eighth man was shot but tried to escape , reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died . police say that the killings are not related to any football rivalry .
serafim todorov , the last man to beat floyd mayweather in the boxing ring , now lives on a # 370-a-month hand out from the bulgarian government . the unbeaten american is regularly seen on social media showing off his piles of cash and jewellery . he is unbeaten in 47 professional contests and considered one of boxing 's all-time greats .
sergio aguero scored the first of his two goals during city 's 4-2 defeat at the hands of rivals manchester united . the argentine forward clinched the premier league title for city with this striker against qpr in 2012 . the 64-year-old is settled in manchester and signed a # 38m deal in 2011 .
briony ingerson posted the image from an ` african-themed party ' almost three months ago . she used the hashtag #ihopethiscomesoff alongside the photo of a man dressed in black , seemingly oblivious that people would take offence from her costume . on tuesday the photo made headlines and ingerson responded with a message on twitter , insisting she had not meant to be offensive .
the bird , which has a five-foot wingspan , stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in ontario , canada , before launching its attack . its eyes never straying from its prey , it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse with its claws .
david raven slotted home the deciding goal four minutes from the end of extra time as inverness stunned 10-man celtic 3-2 . the 30-year-old raven struggled to describe how he felt following an eventful match which he admitted could have gone either way . he said : ' i thought it was just our day and to score the winning goal today is a dream come true ' .
a masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in sydney 's west hours after police started the manhunt . it is believed the incident took place shortly after 2pm , when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene . a nsw police spokeswoman told daily mail australia an arrest is yet to be made .
islamic state has released disturbing propaganda photos showing off their growing number of military markets in iraq and syria . even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market , with some of the children wearing their own uniforms . once the tailors made and sold suits and shirts , they are producing vast numbers of bland tunics and military clothing .
sam schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in orlando in 2000 . his team thought he would never walk , let alone , drive again , according to espn . schmidt completed the difficult task with the help of a modified 2014 corvette c7 stingray -- a vehicle which allowed schmidt to navigate the car independently using only his head and mouth .
the outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . ` wanted !!!!! girlfriend/wife , must love pets ... accomodation available , position may offer company car , phone and laptop , ' it reads . the 31-year-old only identified as rich , described himself as : ` athletic build , white , heavily tattoo 'd brown hair , brown eyes , do n't smoke , do drugs , like travelling , love
cooperative weather and the efforts of firefighters helped beat back flames sunday that had threatened hundreds of homes near a southern california dam . evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of norco and corona , about 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles . by midday , fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire , which had grown to 1.5 square miles .
cincinnati woman jacqueline carr , 65 , was killed when a tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. sunday . photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle . cincinnati police say they still have to determine who owns the tree and is responsible for its upkeep .
kalimah dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on monday morning , and was lucky to get her children , aged one to 14 , out of the decatur condo safely . however , all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble . dixon is asking for assistance .
in a leaked sony email cameron crowe mocks bruce jenner 's gender transition . he makes a joking reference to the director 's transition while speaking with amy pascal . while discussing his upcoming film aloha , pascal asked crowe if he had anything to show her from the movie in october 2014 .
jerald christopher ` jc ' jackson , of immokalee , florida , entered an acquaintance 's apartment saturday with two men . police said they took two video game consoles , marijuana and $ 382 from the apartment 's three residents . jackson never returned , but he later called one of the victims , police said .
the clip , posted on instagram and quickly deleted , show the singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her . after the camera cuts to her friends , it then pans back to rihanna holding her nose for several seconds . speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video .
villagers in ansai , shaanxi province , dug a 46m well in order to get fresh drinking water , but when the pumped it to the surface the found it was so polluted it could be set on fire . local officials say they have launched an investigation into how the water from the well , which cost # 1,000 to build , became so polluted . but when chinese officials investigated they said they could find no trace of a spillage , leading some people to theorise the villagers
hazel the bulldog is featured in a number of videos , which her owner uploads to her youtube channel and instagram page . the video begins with the dog flying through the air and jumping onto the basket , which sits on its side . with its weight the dog forces the basket over onto its base and lands inside it , before quickly running around in a circle .
denis cuspert , 39 , sings about planning attacks in britain , germany and france , rapping ` we want your blood ' . this follows reports that british police have raised security levels ahead of several world war i commemorative events next week . anzac day takes place on april 25 , honours australian and new zealand soldiers who have died in war .
jay dasilva was part of chelsea under 19 team that won the uefa youth league by beating shakhtar donetsk in monday 's final in nyon , switzerland . the 16-year-old has been praised by ian wright following his performances . wright also tipped tammy abraham , charly musonda and charlie colkett to enjoy bright futures in the game .
izzy brown was on the bench for chelsea 's 4-0 semi-final win over roma . the 18-year-old scored twice in the 3-2 final win over shakhtar donetsk . brown has spoken of the incredible weekend that saw him inspire team to glory .
christian benteke , fabian delph and jack grealish scored for aston villa . villa beat arsenal 2-1 in the fa cup final at wembley on sunday . brendan rodgers conceded his side had been second best but praised captain gerrard .
hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt quit bayern munich this week after a reported rift with pep guardiola . the pair fell out over an injury to philipp lahm during training as early as november last year . guardiola went public with his displeasure over recovery rates for injured players by blaming a lengthening injury list for his side 's demise .
hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt quit the club on thursday after ` being blamed ' for the defeat by porto . the 72-year-old , who had worked at bayern for almost 40 years , sensationally quit the bundesliga club this week claiming ` the bond of trust is damaged ' . guardiola appeared to imply that wednesday 's defeat was down to a lack of available players .
randy lerner missed aston villa 's 2-1 win over liverpool at wembley . the american owner was delighted by the result and upset he had not been able to make the trip across the atlantic . fox said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club .
jose mourinho could be planning a summer swoop for atletico madrid midfielder koke . the 23-year-old spaniard signed a long-term deal with diego simeone 's side only last year . the club 's technical director michael emenalo travelled to spain on saturday .
paul smith faces arthur abraham in berlin on saturday . the wba have ordered their two super-middleweight world champions to meet in a unification fight . andre ward , still ranked by many among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world despite 17 months out of the ring , sees smith as the ideal warm-up opponent .
frankie gavin is set to be handed a shot at kell brook 's ibf welterweight world title at the o2 on may 30 . talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised . sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as friday .
inter milan striker mauro icardi has turned down inter 's latest contract . chelsea , manchester city and arsenal have also watched the 22-year-old . icardi is reportedly on an # 11,000-a-week salary and is looking to increase that to # 43,000 a week .
raheem sterling has rejected an offer of # 100,000 a week to extend his stay at anfield . zinedine zidane says real madrid are monitoring sterling as a player . the england winger has netted six times in the premier league this season . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
flight centre founder and brw rich list alumni geoff harris put the port melbourne home up for auction on saturday . the buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer . the 63-year-old self-made millionaire harris is reportedly worth $ 975 million .
gareth bale is a huge doubt for real madrid 's champions league quarter-final second leg match against atletico madrid . welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off with a calf injury . los blancos are also without croatian midfielder luka modric .
manchester city under 18s face chelsea in the fa youth cup final on monday . jason wilcox wants to emulate manchester united 's ` class of 92 ' . the ex-blackburn winger believes the club have no interest in recruiting local lads . wilcox hopes to emulate the famous neville brothers , paul scholes , nicky butt , ryan giggs and david beckham .
striker jay hart , 24 , was filmed having sex with a supporter in the manager 's dugout while wearing a clitheroe fc tracksuit . the substitute for the lancashire non-league side was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst was shared on social media . his girlfriend bryony hibbert , who has two young children , slammed those responsible for filming and sharing the clip .
jonathas scored to give elche a 1-0 win over real sociedad in la liga . the striker took advantage of some poor control and hesitation by markel bergara to steal the ball before racing away unchallenged . xabi prieto had the opportunity to equalise for the away side .
jordan rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons . blackburn boss dougie freedman failed in a bid to sign the 25-year-old on loan with view to a permanent deal in march . freedman now hopes the offer of straight cash can tempt rovers into parting with a forward .
michael frontzek has been sacked by hannover after a run of 13 games . the 51-year-old frontzek worked as an assistant at the club from 2004 to 2005 . korkut 's departure follows a 4-0 loss to bayer leverkusen on saturday .
lukas podolski is on loan at inter milan having joined the serie a club . the 29-year-old scored just three goals in 13 appearances last season . podolsk is adamant he still has a role to play in arsene wenger 's side . click here for arsenal transfer news .
terence crawford defeated thomas dulmorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out . crawford remained undefeated , winning as a heavy favorite in his first fight since moving up in class . the scheduled 12-round fight in north texas came a week before crawford , now 26-0 with 18 knockouts .
lucas matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and landed two hard right hook-left hook combos in the fourth . he continued to use his three-inch reach advantage to keep provodnikov at bay , giving him room to dodge the russian 's powerful left hook . don ackerman scored the fight in the 11th .
derry mathews has won the interim wba lightweight title . mathews saw richar abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness . ismael barroso was forced to pull out after failing to obtain a visa . the canadian will have won a lot of fans with his relentless style .
freddie roach says floyd mayweather does n't deserve to be ranked alongside manny pacquiao as the leading fighters of their generation . roach said he rated super-middleweight star andre ward and middleweight sensation gennady golovkin above mayweather despite the american 's unbeaten record .
paddy barnes and michael conlan are part of a franchise team fighting individually over five three-minute rounds in a pro-style format . their mission takes them to maiquetia , northern venezuela , where they will take on native opposition , the latest stop on the road-trip that is the world series of boxing -lrb- wsb -rrb- .
nicola adams is preparing to return to an english ring for the first time since her london 2012 triumph at the national championships in liverpool . the 32-year-old is hoping to become a double olympic gold medallist in rio next year . adams announced her retirement from boxing on april 7 .
jack nicklaus believes it is time for the ` young guys to take over ' after jordan spieth 's record-breaking masters victory on sunday . the 21-year-old spieth equalled tiger woods ' 72-hole record and became the first man to get to 19 under par at augusta . mickelson is 44 and tiger woods 39 .
tennis star caroline wozniacki was forced to defend herself after she congratulated american golf sensation jordan spieth on twitter . spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the masters at augusta .
gael monfils beat roger federer 6-4 , 7-6 at the monte carlo masters . the frenchman also played with focus and commitment , two attributes which can sometimes be found wanting in the world no 18 . the 28-year-old handed the break back with a double fault .
roger federer beat jeremy chardy 6-2 , 6-1 in his monte carlo opener . the match was federer 's first since his loss in the indian wells final . the 17-time major champion takes on gael monfils in the quarter-finals .
mercedes men left shanghai after the chinese grand prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced . hamilton adopted an air of cool disdain for any psychological battles . rosberg , 17 points behind hamilton , seemed relaxed as he stuck to the line hamilton jeopardised the team 's one-two by slowing down to husband his tyres .
mike tindall was beaming from ear-to-ear having just seen monbeg dude , the horse whom he owns with james simpson-daniel and nicky robinson , run his heart out . but his resolution is not in question and this was the latest wonderful day he had given his owners and trainer michael scudamore .
billy vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting mathew tait . saracens face clermont auvergne in saturday 's champions cup semi-final . the england no 8 had been cited for striking leicester full back matehw tait with his head .
saracens face clermont in champions cup semi-final on saturday . billy vunipola faces an rfu disciplinary panel on tuesday afternoon . former england full back mathew tait was involved in the 29th-minute collision at allianz park . toulon are plotting a move for australia fly-half quade cooper .
anderson induced an edge from west indies captain denesh ramdin on final day of first test in antigua for his 384th test scalp . anderson , 32 , broke sir ian botham 's long-standing record which had stood for 23 years . he said he is learning to pace himself in order to be able to play more regularly .
australia captain michael clarke believes kevin pietersen could play in this summer 's ashes test series . the 34-year-old has not played for his country since the fifth test in sydney , a match england lost to complete a 5-0 series defeat down under . clarke has signed for surrey with the intent of scoring the runs which would earn him a recall .
mcc reveals plans to replace the ` tired ' tavern and allen stands at lord 's . the intention is to build a single new structure in their place . more than 5,500 seats , in the south-western corner of the home of cricket , to raise the ground 's overall capacity to almost 30,000 .
siobhan-marie o'connor 's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year and came comfortably inside the world championships qualification mark of 2:10:20 . the 19-year-old is the reigning commonwealth champion , but said making the team for russia was her main focus .
harry redknapp says he would consider a return to management as long as it 's at the right club . the 68-year-old handed in his resignation at loftus road in february , citing knee problems behind the decision to leave the premier league strugglers . the o 's youth coach and prostate cancer uk ambassador errol mckellar hosts a charity football match at the matchroom stadium .
mauricio pochettino is in an upbeat mood ahead of the trip to newcastle . newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against the current regime . a number of supporters plan to boycott the televised game in protest against owner mike ashley , which is likely to lead to a peculiar atmosphere in the north east .
celtic boss ronny deila will take his side to hampden park for the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . the match will take place at 12:15 , a time that scotties fans do not agree with . deila says the balance of power in the relationship is all wrong .
karim benzema will miss real madrid 's clash with atletico madrid on wednesday . the frenchman has 15 la liga goals to his name this season . gareth bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the bernabeu . barcelona coach luis enrique tops the list for results in his first 50 games .
charlie austin has scored 17 goals for queens park rangers this term . the qpr striker will be monitored by roy hodgson and assistant ray lewington ahead of the friendly with republic of ireland on june 7 and the euro 2016 qualifier in slovenia seven days later . austin scored on his debut against lithuania last month .
eniola aluko , lucy bronze , karen carney , jess clarke , kelly smith and ji so-yun have all made the shortlist . chelsea and england forward aluko has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the blues this season . the 28-year-old is well course to winning 100 caps for her country .
toni duggan posted a picture on instagram of her with manchester united manager louis van gaal on sunday night . the 23-year-old has since removed the photo from instagram . duggan issued an apology on her facebook page on monday . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
celtic lost their scottish cup semi-final to inverness on sunday . leigh griffiths has a shot at goal during the game . the striker was missed by referee steven mclean and his team . celtic were a virgil van dijk goal to the good at the time .
celtic beat celtic 2-0 in their scottish cup clash on tuesday night . josh meekings handball was sent off for craig gordon 's side . caley boss john hughes says the break could have meant a penalty and red card , which could have been meant a sending off .
steve mcclaren 's derby side will make sure of a play-off place with victory at huddersfield if they fail to win at home to brighton . bristol city boss steve cotterill will get his hands on the league one trophy with victory against coventry . shrewsbury will be promoted with a win at morecambe if they win at kidderminster and bristol rovers lose at dover .
bournemouth face sheffield wednesday at the goldsands stadium . eddie howe 's side are close in on a first-ever promotion to the premier league . the cherries are second-placed norwich face middlesbrough on friday . howe has called on supporters to inspire the club to win promotion .
nathaniel clyne has attracted the glances of several top clubs with his performances for southampton . ronald koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of the right back this summer . saints are pushing for a top-four finish in the premier league with six matches to go .
the likes of morgan schneiderlin , yannick bolasie and nathaniel clyne are wanted as champions league heavyweights like arsenal and manchester united circle like vultures . sportsmail looks at 10 players who could be taking a ` step up ' this summer .
nathaniel clyne has been linked with a move away from southampton . southampton defender has been capped four times by england this season . ronald koeman has admitted the club face a battle trying to keep hold of the former crystal palace defender . click here for all the latest southampton news .
jermaine beckford scored his 10th goal of the season as preston were held to a 2-2 draw against gillingham . jermaine mcglashan and legge left the deepdale faithful despondent . swindon remain in the automatic promotion hunt too following a 4-2 win at rochdale .
aaron cresswell is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team 's premier league games this season . both clubs need to add more home-grown talent to their squads , and the west ham regular would add to that batch . stones has the best passing accuracy of any everton player this season - 90.8 % .
ryan mason was celebrating with tottenham hotspur team-mate andros townsend 's equalising goal for england against italy . a tattoo on his arm was shown across televisions worldwide . twitter user @danorako compared it to a photograph of himself at 12 years old .
paulo ferreira expects jose mourinho to stay at chelsea for a long , long time . the 52-year-old is leading the blues towards their fourth premier league title in his second stint at stamford bridge . didier drogba has scored only three league goals since rejoining on a one-year contract last july .
six players pulled out of saturday 's match against charlton . mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro , marco silvestri , souleymane doukara and edgar cani withdrew from the squad on the eve of the trip to the valley . the club released a statement on sunday evening looking to draw a line under the controversy which read : ` leeds united football club wants to clarify that during the days leading
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . brendan rodgers has written off manchester city 's chances of signing raheem sterling this summer . city have been heavily linked with a # 50million move for the england international .
danny rose has been linked with a move to manchester city . city are being linked with less glamorous names like danny rose and aaron cresswell . rodwell made only seven premier league starts in two seasons for city after a # 12million move from everton . manuel pellegrini and brian kidd took over in 2008 .
danny rose has attracted interest from manchester city after a strong season with tottenham . the 24-year-old is fundamental to mauricio pochettino 's plans . man city have considered attack-minded rose as they draw up an extensive list of potential homegrown signings ahead of the close season .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on may 30 . steven gerrard would have been the midfielder 's final game in a liverpool shirt before he leaves for the los angeles galaxy in the summer . brendan rodgers tweaked liverpool 's shape for a third time at the interval as the reds went 4-3-2-1 .
wojciech szczesny admits he feels sorry for adam federici after his mistake in the fa cup semi-final . federici allowed alexis sanchez 's driven shot to slip through his body in extra-time . arsenal ran out 2-1 winners at wembley to reach their second consecutive final .
wojciech szczesny has n't played a premier league game since the new year 's day defeat to southampton in january . former arsenal goalkeeper david seaman was speaking as an ambassador for the ` know the score ' campaign against bowel cancer . seaman believes the poland international can make the number one jersey his own once more .
malky mackay 's tenure at wigan athletic came to an end on monday . the scot was being investigated over ` sexist , racism and homophobic ' texts . dave whelan will also have to accept that his misguided decision to appoint the controversial scot has cost him his reputation and seriously harmed the image of a fine football club too .
the popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of saturday 's grand national . seven races make up the day as they saw saphir du rheu , ridden by sam twiston-davis , take home the betfred mildmay novices ' chase .
tony mccoy is guaranteed a great send-off during the grand national at aintree this week . the 40-year-old from county antrim has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement and has promised to call it quits there and then should his grand national ride shutthefrontdoor . the royal liver building in liverpool was lit up with a good luck message for tony .
lionel messi will lead the line for barcelona against psg at the parc des princes on wednesday evening . laurent blanc has described messi as ` unstoppable ' as his side prepare to face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final first leg . the argentine has scored 45 goals in 44 games for psg .
lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo could play together in a uefa all-star match , according to reports in spain . they would play for ` team south ' - comprised of stars from la liga , serie a and ligue 1 - against a similar ` north ' dream team from the premier league , bundesliga and russian premier league . the proposals raise the tantalising prospect of barcelona ; zlatan ibrahimovic and gareth b
lionel messi says he is back to his best after a disappointing 2014 . the argentine lost the la liga title to atletico madrid in the quarter-finals . messi 's personal goal tally 's at 45 from 44 games ahead of psg on wednesday .
randy lerner will attend aston villa 's fa cup semi-final with liverpool . the american owner is scheduled to fly across the atlantic for the grandest occasion during his nine-year ownership of the club . christian benteke , who scored for villa against spurs on saturday , will be hoping to fire them to the final .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with tottenham at white hart lane on tuesday . the striker has scored six goals in eight games for villa so far this season . sherwood 's success in rejuvenating emmanuel adebayor will be viewed as his most vital contribution if villa win their premier league survival battle .
christian benteke opened the scoring for aston villa in the 35th minute with a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers . mauricio pochettino 's side remain rooted to the bottom of the premier league table . the result sees villa move up to fifth in the table , while tottenham drop to ninth .
manchester city currently have a four-point lead over liverpool in the race for the final champions league place . city have lost four of their past six premier league games and three draws in eight games against the rest of the current top five . the slip has n't happened and liverpool are looking strong .
paul gascoigne struck a ferocious shot that has gone down as one of the all-time great goals at wembley . the spurs midfielder 's goal came five minutes into an fa cup semi-final against tottenham 's arch-rivals , arsenal . but the power on his shot still beat him .
harry redknapp was at the emirates to watch arsenal breeze past liverpool 4-1 in the premier league on april 4 . the former tottenham boss is currently out of work after leaving his position as manager of queens park rangers . the 67-year-old claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by arsenal fans as he left the stadium .
bayern munich face porto in the champions league on wednesday . the bavarians are without arjen robben , franck ribery , bastian schweinsteiger and david alaba . bayern beat eintracht frankfurt 3-0 on saturday .
michael carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season as louis van gaal 's side put their stuttering start to the season behind them . the 34-year-old midfielder is not planning to hang up his boots any time soon , but when he does he says he 'd like to try his hand behind the wheel of an f1 car . carrick : ` i 'm a massive fan . i 've done a few track days and enjoyed that , but there 's nothing
arsenal lost 1-0 to reading in their premier league clash at the emirates . martin keown 's son niall scored the eventual winner with a header . serge gnabry and long-term absentee abou diaby managed to last 56minutes as his own return gathered pace .
alexis sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into the great arsenal teams of yesteryear , according to club legend frank mclintock . the chile international has been a smash since arriving from barcelona last summer and his 20 goals in all competitions have powered arsenal 's season . sanchez made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973 .
arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions this season . arsene wenger believes the change in fortune is down to him finally having a relatively injury-free squad . the frenchman believes the gunners must catch jose mourinho 's chelsea to do so .
serge gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading . the 19-year-old has not featured since the champions league last-16 second leg against bayern munich in march 2014 . he is at last closing in on a return after more than a year out injured .
david ` flats ' flatman has been driving around the rugby world cup venues preparing for the tournament . flats on the drive between stratford and twickenham , as he tours the stadiums that will host matches come this autumn as part of bt sport 's tour de flats . flats is confident that , long term , this world cup is going to have a lasting effect .
northampton saints prop tomas francis impressed up against alex corbisiero and put down a significant marker for his inclusion at the world cup . the 22-year-old is yet to pledge his international allegiance , despite having been called up to gatland 's training camp during the rbs 6 nations . francis could be fast-tracked through the ranks to face england in the play-off positions with three games to play .
sale sharks lost 25-23 at the madejski stadium on saturday . tom arscott scored three tries through alex lewington -lrb- two -rrb- and andrew fenby with chris noakes adding two penalties and two conversions . exiles centre eoin griffin is tackle by sale powerhouse sam tuitupou .
raheem sterling has revealed he hopes liverpool fans create a chant for him . the 20-year-old has been linked with a number of europe 's top clubs . sterling will be hoping to help liverpool to a crucial premier league victory against newcastle united on monday evening .
newcastle have slipped to seven points adrift of manchester city . brendan rodgers ' side lost 1-0 to blackburn in the fa cup quarter-final . john carver says his players need to relieve pressure on their shoulders . newcastle face crystal palace at anfield on monday evening .
jordan ibe has been absent for the last six weeks after damaging his knee ligaments during a europa league tie against besiktas in istanbul . the young england international spent the first half of the season on loan at derby county but he returned to anfield in january . liverpool manager brendan rodgers will include him in his squad to face newcastle on monday night .
raheem sterling is stalling on a new # 100,000-a-week contract at liverpool . the 20-year-old was one of four players at the anfield launch of next season 's new balance kit in front of over 1,000 fans . daniel sturridge believes sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly .
real madrid and atletico madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in european competition . carlo ancelotti must accommodate cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema and that leaves him little choice but to play a 4-3-3 . this plays perfectly into atletico 's hands especially when you consider none of the first choice midfield trio are defensive players . diego simeone will flood the midfield on tuesday night as
porto coach julen lopetegui is holding out hope of upsetting bayern munich in the champions league quarter-final . the bundesliga champions remain hot favourites to reach the last four of europe 's elite competition . pep guardiola insists the 2012-13 winners still have an enviable amount of talent in their squad .
jose mourinho was bobby robson 's assistant at barcelona and guardiola was in his final years as a player at the camp nou at the time . the picture became the perfect ` guess the caption ' competition the best one having guardiola say : ` i 'll win the treble ' . laurent blanc comes up against enrique at the parc des princes on wednesday night .
philippe coutinho starred for liverpool in their 2-0 win against newcastle united on monday night . liverpool sold star striker luis suarez to barcelona for # 75million during the summer , but he could not nab himself a goal . carragher believes coutinho can fill the gap left by the uruguay striker .
sampdoria president massimo ferrero says mario balotelli has lost his hunger . the italian striker is set to leave the club at the end of the season . ferrero said the 24-year-old should be put on a diet of bread and water . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
marouane fellaini was one of the stars of manchester united 's derby demolition of neighbours city on sunday . wayne rooney believes the belgian has gone from old trafford scapegoat to one of europe 's most dangerous forwards in europe . rooney hailed his belgian team-mate as a ` holding midfield player ' .
marouane fellaini has emerged as an force to be reckoned with in manchester united 's midfield of late , and jamie carragher says jose mourinho will be drawing up a special plan to stop him . chelsea face united at stamford bridge on saturday .
mick mccarthy 's ipswich were held to a 1-1 draw by wolves on saturday . the former wolves boss hailed the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ` horrible bunch ' of players . benik afobe 's 31st goal of the season came in the 50th minute .
more than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by british transport police with rivals manchester united , liverpool and leeds united all in london this weekend . the force hare faced with a unique set of circumstances and have acted swiftly to ensure they will be ready to deal with any flashpoints . united head to stamford bridge on saturday to take on chelsea in a 5pm kick-off while roses rivals leeds are at charlton athletic for a 3pm
sam allardyce believes manuel pellegrini has the most difficult job in football . west ham boss believes pressure of going for back-to-back barclays premier league titles has made the chilean 's job the hardest in world football . city face the hammers at the etihad stadium on sunday .
nigel pearson is not taking anything for granted in the chase for survival . leicester face swansea at the king power stadium on saturday . foxes record back-to-back wins against west brom and burnley . burnley have collected eight points from a testing run of eight games .
emile heskey , 37 , eidur gudjohnsen , 36 , and goalkeeper adam bogdan , 27 , joined on short-term deals in december . heskey gets up highest in bolton 's goalless draw against liverpool . bolton manager neil lennon has also fined midfielders barry bannan and neil danns two weeks wages this week .
dundee rogue paul mcgowan has been handed his third conviction after assaulting a police officer . dundee boss paul hartley says he will not risk playing the troubled midfielder again this season because he fears playing him could see him break his police curfew and end up in prison . the midfielder was placed under a restriction of liberty order and confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks .
sean bowen scored on abidjan at newton abbot while de boinville victorious on one lucky lady at kempton . us trainer wesley ward is to aim hootenanny and sunset glow at royal ascot after scratching them from the 2,000 guineas respectively .
colombian forward dairon asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the portland timbers past new york city fc 1-0 . his deflected shot found the empty side of the net . city have now won just one of their seven games and lie seventh .
lyon returned to the top of the ligue 1 table after securing a 2-2 draw against saint-etienne on sunday night . clinton n'jie handed the hosts the lead midway through the first half before lindsay rose saw red for hubert fournier 's high flyers . christophe jallet equalised to clinch a point that sends his side to the summit .
randy lerner did n't attend wembley on sunday after his aunt passed away . the 53-year-old american had been tipped to make a rare appearance . villa owner has been publicly trying to sell villa since last may . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
trabzon governor abdil celil oz said the two suspects were detained early on tuesday and that one of them is believed to have followed the convoy while the other fired shots with a rifle at the bus . the decision to suspend football in turkey affects both next weekend 's super lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals .
manny pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather jnr on may 2 in las vegas . the filipino-fighter was joined by an abundance of fans as he tested his fitness against the steepness of some mountain roads . the fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $ 152million set by that fight in 2013 .
manny pacquiao will face floyd mayweather at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2 . the pair will slug it out at the beginning of next month in a $ 300million showdown . mayweather posted a video of his morning run with the 32-year-old being joined by his training entourage .
ronnie o'sullivan will play 32-year-old craig steadman in the first round of the betfred world championship which starts in sheffield on saturday . defending champion mark selby will play norwegian kurt maflin . mark williams v matthew stevens .
ken doherty is on the brink of exiting the betfred world snooker championships in the final qualifying round . the 45-year-old faces an uphill battle to avoid becoming the third crucible winner to crash out this week . peter ebdon and steve davis having lost in the second round .
snooker star ronnie o'sullivan has revealed what goes through his mind while he 's waiting for his opponent to finish at the table . the world no 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he 're going to make his dinner or not . the ref will say : ` sit down , man wait until he ' 's finished .
manchester city lost 4-2 at home to manchester united on sunday . manuel pellegrini 's side are fourth in the premier league table . pablo zabaleta admits confidence is low with defeat at old trafford . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
manchester city lost 4-2 at home to manchester united on sunday . joe hart was disappointed with his side 's display at old trafford . the 27-year-old has even given up on knocking arsenal out of second place . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
manchester united 's humiliation of their neighbours city continued . louis van gaal 's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game . chelsea , arsenal , tottenham hotspur and southampton sit second and third respectively . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
eathan cruse , 19 , one of the five men taken into custody after raids on saturday morning , said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed . his father , glen , also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid , and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained . eathan was released later in the day after his initial arrest .
a nine foot long bull shark was captured swimming past a condo back yard on hikcory island in bonita springs , florida . the beast can be seen just under the water , with its distinctive pectoral fin breaking the surface . residents say fishermen have been chumming the water - throwing in bait - which has been luring the animals back out to sea .
vanessa moe 's debut collection at mercedes benz fashion week australia featured plastic bag-like headwear . a selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces . those distracted by the headwear missed 12 dreamy looks in cream and blue hues float down the catwalk .
australian olympian jana pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child just days after a video surfaced of the elite athlete training while eight months pregnant . the 32-year-old plans to compete in both the beijing world championships and the 2016 rio olympics .
manchester united beat united 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . united 's website claimed the city was turned red once more in the space of 90 minutes . manuel pellegrini and his players began this season with aspirations of defending their premier league title and making an impact on the champions league .
andy lee arrived in new york on a crest of a wave on friday night . the undefeated former wbo middleweight champion failed to make the 160lb weight ensuring the battle at the barclays center will have no title on the line . quillin says he has faced struggles his whole life and that this fight will just be the latest in a long line .
josh warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against dennis tubieron as he eased to a lop-sided points win in leeds . the 24-year-old has been billed as the next ricky hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10,000 packed into the first direct arena on saturday night .
carl frampton has branded eddie hearn 's # 1.5 million offer to fight scott quigg as little more than a ` publicity stunt ' . hearn made the offer live on television on tuesday after talks between him and frampton 's promoter barry mcguigan had stalled . but frampton wrote in his news column : ` it 's the biggest publicity stunt i 've seen since that incident between justin timberlake and janet jackson at superbowl
hibs boss alan stubbs did not know what to make of peter houston 's recent post-match comments into an all-out conflict . hibs host falkirk in the championship on saturday week . stubbs said both players will be watching their next meeting .
fiorentina lost 1-0 at home to verona in the europa league on monday . mounir obbadi scored the winning goal in the 90th minute . alessandro diamanti had missed a second-half penalty for the home side . the former west ham midfielder misses the lead from the penalty spot .
the 250-piece collaboration included clothing , accessories , and homeware from the designer at target 's lower price point . now officially sold out by the retailer , pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on ebay - but those cruising the bidding site should n't expect to see the same original low prices paid by target customers .
the shop is due to open in mecca in saudi arabia , it has been revealed . it is being led by the owner of am existing dutch halal sex shop el asira . aouragh would be selling 18 toys classed as being ` islamically approved ' .
atletico madrid face local rivals real madrid in the champions league quarter-final second leg on wednesday . diego simeone 's side are no premier league clubs in the last eight of the competition after chelsea , arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the last 16 stage . the atletico boss believes the failure of english clubs in europe should kick the country 's top-flight into gear .
grayson hand , who is battling leukemia , joins the huskies with the help of team impact , an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams . the hartford courant reports seniors carson cross and blake davey were inspired to get involved with the boston-based organization after hearing positive stories from the uconn men 's hockey team . hand will have his own locker and can attend as many games and practices as he likes .
nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song , classic by mkto . video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on . to date , the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000 times with many viewers giving it a big thumbs up .
a 45-year-old nba fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo-playing skills . it 's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court tv screen . spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two , malenda meacham .
the 53-second video , posted on youtube , features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate on sunday . about 25 seconds into the clip , the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her . following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy u.s. marshal - grabs her cell phone and throws it to the ground and then kicks it
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica , los angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst . for a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach . finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side , he clutches his head in pain .
fc united of manchester beat stourbidge 1-0 in their fourth promotion . the club 's fourth promotion in their short history sees them come within two more of the football league . fc will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium in may , ending a nomadic existence spent entirely on the road .
kyran wiltshire became a hit on youtube last month when he scored a sensational 40 yard free-kick against swindon in a 5-3 win for mk dons under-18s . central defender tingey , 18 , is a lively centre midfielder who was included in karl robinson 's first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season . united are looking to bring in some talented younger players to boost squad numbers ahead of next season 's uefa
diego simeone is hoping to lead atletico madrid to second successive champions league final . england 's david beckham lost 4-1 to argentina at the world cup in st etienne in 1998 . the former midfielder has played 106 times for england since his debut .
italian goalkeeper gianluigi buffon has been plying his trade in serie a for the best part of 20 years . buffon recalls the great names he played alongside andrea pirlo , paval nedved and lilian thuram . real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas is one of the few goalkeeping greats .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final second leg on wednesday night . real needed a late equaliser from sergio ramos and extra-time to beat atleti at benfica 's estadio da luz in may last year . cristiano ronaldo could n't find the back of the net as real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico last week .
paul clement is a leading candidate to replace steve mcclaren at derby . the 42-year-old has established a reputation as one of european football 's leading coaches in recent years . derby chiefs are fully aware that they are likely to be searching for a new manager this summer .
manchester city have emerged as the biggest threat to arsenal . joe gomez has played at right back for charlton this season . the 17-year-old is valued at # 8m by the championship team . manchester city lost to chelsea in an fa youth cup final first leg .
patrice evra says sir alex ferguson told him he would be a great coach one day during his time at manchester united . evra enjoyed eight years at old trafford , claiming five premier league titles as well as a champions league winners ' medal . ryan giggs is currently louis van gaal 's assistant at man united .
football shirt friday got into full swing as celebrities showed off their favourite kits in support of the bobby moore fund for cancer research uk . fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt -- old or new -- in memory of 1966 world cup-winning captain bobby . moore died from bowel and liver cancer on february 4 , 1993 , at the age of 51 , and bianca westwood , rob lee and clare balding were among
martina hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on saturday . the 34-year-old was ranked no 1 in the world for 209 weeks - the fourth all-time behind steffi graf , martina navratilova and chris evert . she returned again at wimbledon 2013 and has been playing doubles for the last two years .
the famous trophy was on show at alton towers theme park in staffordshire ahead of this weekend 's semi-finals . the gunners head into saturday 's showdown as the favourites against the championship side . the furthest the royals have reached in the competition is the last four .
four years after signing for arsenal , wellington silva has received clearance to make his gunners bow after being granted a spanish passport . the 22-year-old signed for arsenal in january 2011 from fluminese for a fee of # 3.5 million but has not been able to play for the club without a work permit . but all that changed late on tuesday as the brazilian jubilantly revealed on twitter that he has been awarded spanish nationality , complete with
diego costa and mario mandzukic clashed in madrid 's champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday night . the atletico madrid striker clashed with defenders sergio ramos and dani carvajal during the tie . costa bought the croatia international from bayern munich in 2010 . the 28-year-old is now his chelsea team-mate .
atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak has long been a fortress with no team scoring there in the champions league for 663 minutes . the 22-year-old was already slovenia 's number one when he left benfica for madrid in the summer . moya was signed from getafe in the close season as back-up .
crystal palace winger wilfried zaha posted a photo on instagram on wednesday . the 22-year-old helped his side defeat sunderland 4-1 on saturday . zaha has scored twice for the eagles since making his move to selhurst park permanent in february .
real madrid striker javier hernandez is set to start up front for carlo ancelotti 's side against atletico on wednesday night . the 26-year-old links up well with cristiano ronaldo - where he has scored a goal and created an assist in his last two appearances . marca leads with the headline that while diego simeone has a fully-fit squad to choose from .
jurgen klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday after seven years . klopp said he believed dortmund needed a change of manager . but he will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract , which was due to expire in 2018 . the westphalians face paderborn this weekend in the bundesliga .
bayern munich sporting director matthias sammer was speaking to bt sport in an interview which took place before this week 's champions league defeat at porto . the 47-year-old said the club have to ` make plans for the future before it is too late ' . sammer played at the top level for the likes of stuttgart and borussia dortmund .
fc rostov defender ivan novoseltsev proposed to girlfriend katerina keyru . the 23-year-old asked keyru to marry him on the pitch at the olimp-2 stadium . keyru was capped by his country for the first time last month .
former brazil defender ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run . flamboyant owner angelo massone decided to ` give the coaching staff another chance ' . the 41-year-old former inter milan and parma right back capped 25 times by brazil , six points adrift of safety .
benik afobe has scored 31 times for mk dons and wolves this season . the molineux hitman is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season . afobe says he feels ` unstoppable ' at the moment as he bids to beat harry kane to become the country 's top scorer .
jesper blomqvist helped coach youngsters from manchester united foundation 's street red project . the 41-year-old was a crucial player in sir alex ferguson 's treble winning season of 1998-99 . he is back in manchester on sunday to coach youngsters .
psychologist jayne harris , based in shrewsbury , shropshire , said she has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains , nausea and crippling headaches . some reported flashing visions of ` mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse ' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety . one woman , who wishes to remain anonymous , even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of mrs harris and peggy in a car together on march 16 .
zlatan ibrahimovic is put through his paces with blaise matuidi and zoumana camara at the nou camp on tuesday night . the sweden international was suspended for the first leg after he was dismissed against chelsea . the 33-year-old believes the world cup is ` nothing to watch ' without him .
the 90-second clip was filmed at king khalid international airport in riyadh . it shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck . it is not clear if the person who filmed the shocking moment on a mobile phone is a colleague .
the custom-made piano was created for an ` influential sheikh ' in doha , qatar . goldfinch , a cambridge-based piano maker , took six months to build it . previous projects have included a piano colour-matched to an raf fighter plane and a baby grand piano that appears to melt down three flights of stairs .
charlene , 37 , presented tennis ace novak djokovic with sportsman of the year award . presentation of the award came during the laureus sport for good foundation . charlene 's star turn took place in monte carlo instead , with the moment projected onto big screens in front of a glitzy audience of actors and sports stars .
buildings draped in vibrant flowers , jagged shapes of light origami designed to trick the mind , and forests of floating white dresses are just some of the magical installations coming to this year 's festival . each winter since 2009 the city has come alight with mind-bending light shows projected onto iconic buildings such as the sydney harbour bridge , opera house , customs house and the museum of contemporary art . in 2015 the festival has expanded its installations outside the cbd and now includes the newly erected
sex site took over the address after awards were scrapped in 2011 . organisers allowed its registration to retire on hsbc.com.hk to retire . banking giant insisted its website remained secure and offered its apology to the public for any inconvenience caused . spokesman denied bank had any associations with external site .
lihi yona filmed a black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to a water fountain in brooklyn , new york . each time the water sprays , the canine flies through the air . other bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the animal in action . after almost a minute the dog shows no sign of slowing down and he continues to bounce around .
roger lohse was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre blaze in southwest miami-dade when his cameraman pointed out something behind him . as the camera zoomed in , live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze .
internet users were left scratching their heads after an old hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the sydney opera house has gone viral . the video was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning by popular sydneys radio duo fitzy and wippa , before quickly being reposted by a spell of other sources . some users have referenced the weather as the trigger of the strange phenomenon , with musician fortafy uploading the video with the following caption : ` storm brings out surfers
taylor lynn fast , 21 , told police in festus , missouri , that 17-month-old layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite . fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on sunday , and had not realized that her child was dead .
video will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory . at the start of the ascent , the film shows the city as an expanse of wild vegetation and marshes before it was settled by the dutch in the 1600s . but it 's throughout the 20th century when the skyline begins to change most dramatically , with scores of skyscrapers emerging , including the woolworth building and the singer building .
former arsenal and tottenham defender is selling # 6.75 m chelsea flat . campbell has threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over # 2m comes into force . land registry documents suggest the sale was registered the day after higher stamp duty levies came into effect .
joshua finbow , 23 , simon radford , 31 , and darren smalley , 35 , charged with gang rape of young woman at alcohol-fuelled party at canadian barracks . they were given identical but unusual bail conditions that could see them having to live on a canadian naval base for the next few years . bail was set at over # 2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby stadac
giorgio armani , 80 , has made a name for himself putting a-listers of all shapes and sizes in his creations , but it turns out he has harsh criticism for a few body shapes in particular . the milan-born designer spoke of his disapproval of women who resort to breast enlargements and men who work out too much .
corporal james bass of north carolina sneaking up behind his son joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop . then , as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there .
psg can beat barcelona and progress to the champions league semi-finals . the current ligue 1 champions require three goals in camp nou . zinedine zidane is confident laurent blanc 's side have what it takes to go through . click here for all the latest psg news .
porto manager julen lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form against bayern munich on tuesday . bayern are unbeaten in the champions league this season . twice winners porto have not reached the last four since winning the trophy in 2004 . porto face a treble of titles and their fourth straight champions league semi-final appearance .
bonnie was rescued from puerto rico and is a sato , which means mixed breed or street dog . luckily for bonnie she 's no longer one of them , she 'll have food on her plate , and she wo n't have to eat alone ever again . bonnie 's new owner feeds her a dish of food away from his other dog clyde .
the black bears were spotted in the government hill area of anchorage several days in a row , nosing through overturned receptacles and putting the neighborhood on alert . residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators . they eventually climbed a tree to flee , but are still likely to cause trouble in the area .
jay hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club t-shirt . he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at mossley afc in tameside was shared on social media . the 73rd minute substitute for non-league clitheroe fc , in lancashire , today admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to wayne rooney on twitter
england will no longer compete in the victory shield as the football association does not believe the competition suits the needs of its young players . wayne rooney , sir stanley matthews , duncan edwards and peter shilton are all veterans of the long-contested under 16 tournament between the different associations within the united kingdom .
salford city clinched the evo-stik league first division north title on a poignant 92 points . title rivals darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with warrington town . philip neville tweeted this photo of the team celebrating promotion with the caption : ` party still going !! ' .
southend united beat bury 1-0 at st james ' park on tuesday night . phil brown 's southend move into fourth place after a superb curling effort from a set-piece courtesy of a yellow-carded foul by adam el-abd . bury were backed by one of their biggest crowds of the season - 8,396 - having offered free entry after the initial fixture was postponed .
mk dons beat doncaster 3-0 to stay within a point of the automatic promotion places with two games to play . carl baker , another substitute , had secured the win with two fine goals . preston remain in pole position to join champions bristol city in the championship next season as they stay a point ahead of the dons .
luke bryant , 25 , was sat with southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at st mary 's on new year 's day . the fan , who has no previous convictions , runs to the dugout and gestures at arsene wenger before being taken away by the stewards . the father-of-two has been banned from going to games for three years .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa at wembley in the capital one cup . kolo toure insists steven gerrard will deal with the reality of being denied a fairytale fa cup final farewell . the former ivory coast international said the team was probably more disappointed at not being able to deliver a trophy for fans .
didier drogba has been forced to withdraw from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury that leaves the premier league leaders with no fit strikers . the chelsea striker played the full 90 minutes in the 1-0 win over manchester united on saturday . diego costa and loic remy both missed saturday 's win over united .
graeme mcdowell believes jordan spieth may not be the only rival rory mcilroy has to face as he looks to complete the career grand slam . the world number one never threatened to claim a first green jacket to become only the sixth player in history to win all four major titles . spieth beat his previous best by eight shots at augusta national .
justin rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour . rose wants to follow the lead of rory mcilroy , who won the open , bridgestone invitational and us pga in the space of four weeks .
caroline wozniacki shared a video of one of her first on court interviews as a youngster , accompanied by the caption : ' i made my schedule ahead of time . even as a 10/11 year old i was looking forward to roland garros #confidence #impossibleisnothing ' . the dane is seen thanking a succession of people for the ` good week ' she had at the youth tournament held on clay before signing off with a slightly embarrassed #believe #impossible
manor driver will stevens has been using the facilities at st george 's park to help him climb the formula one ladder . the 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential f1 drive , which came his way with now-defunct caterham in the final race in abu dhabi .
andrea atzeni is one of six out of the nine entries to hold an engagement in the guineas . terror finished fourth in the group one cheveley park stakes over six furlongs at the rowley mile last september . trainer richard hannon is represented by osaila and marsh hawk in the nell gwyn stakes .
sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with coneygree . the cheltenham gold cup winner also came sixth in the gold cup . sherwood 's trainer ap mccoy has had a regular bet on whose team will finish highest in the premier league . the gelding will have to carry only an extra pound .
ruby walsh warned the field to go wide at the canal turn . the two-time winner of the national acted as flag man to warn the field . phillip hobbs ' gelding was able to walk away from his fall , as was walsh 's mount ballycasey .
ap mccoy won the grand national at aintree on saturday . the 38-year-old became the first rider since bryan marshall , who won on royal tan and early mist in 1953 and 1954 to land the biggest jumps race of the year in successive years on different horses . many clouds , ridden by leighton aspell , jumps a fence on the way to winning the race .
wesley fofana was in scintillating form during his side 's recent destruction of northampton . brad barritt is back to anchor the saracens midfield against the top 14 giants . julien bonnaire may be a flanker and billy vunipola a no 8 .
ollie barkley has extended his stay at london welsh . the 33-year-old joined the exiles last year having previously played for bath , gloucester , racing metro , grenoble and the scarlets . barkley won 23 test caps , the last of which was against new zealand in 2008 .
brian o'driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn english clubs back into a european force . saracens are the only english team featuring in this weekend 's champions cup semi-finals and the top 14 is bigger than ever . toulon have flexed their financial muscles by recruiting international stars such as brian habana , matt giteau and leigh halfpenny .
ulster and ireland prop declan fitzpatrick has been forced to retire on medical grounds after multiple concussions . the 31-year-old had ` experienced a number of concussive episodes ' in recent seasons . medics at the guinness pro12 province referred him to a neurologist .
marcelo bosch has signed a contract extension at allianz park . the 31-year-old was the hero of saracens ' european champions cup quarter-final victory over racing metro 11 days ago . the argentinian centre joined sarries from biarritz in 2013 .
england wing christian wade has been slammed by wasps team-mate andy goode after he failed to show up to a charity function . goode accused wade of having ` bad values ' for dropping out of a fundraising event for the matt hampson foundation -- set up by and named after the paralysed former leicester tigers prop . danny cipriani , shaun edwards and mark cueto were among the stars at the ` beers with the boys ' night
jonathan davies says clermont are ` sharpening the blade ' ahead of champions cup semi-final against northampton . french outfit are now plotting the downfall of the aviva premiership 's second best side . both clubs are going in search of their first-ever european crown .
jeff williams has agreed a deal to join bath at the end of the season . the 26-year-old has scored 36 tries on the world series circuit . he helped england win the tokyo sevens earlier this month . he also had a playing stint in france .
sportsmail exclusively revealed last year that bt had agreed to pay # 20m over four years for the naming rights of murrayfield . the telecommunications giant would follow that up with a deal to have their trademarks on the famous dark blue jersey . now that has come to fruition , they will take over from ousted backers rbs .
sachin tendulkar has paid tribute to a ` promising ' indian cricketer . the board of control for cricket in india confirmed on their official twitter account that 20-year-old ankit keshri had passed away after suffering ' a cardiac arrest ' following an on-field injury ' . kesri was only playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man .
ian bell insists england did not underestimate the west indies ahead of the first test , despite some injudicious comments from the incoming chairman of the england and wales cricket board . outgoing yorkshire chairman colin graves upped the stakes before the tour started by declaring the hosts ` mediocre ' . but bell , after 106 tests and 11 years on the international circuit , never expected anything different .
liam livingstone hit 350 for mantwich town against caldy on sunday . the 21-year-old all-rounder has yet to make his first-team debut for the red rose . lancashire believes the innings is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match .
alex hales was unbeaten on 222 not out as nottinghamshire reached 393 for seven by stumps . hales scored his runs from 250 balls , with 37 fours and a six . steven patterson , with two for 58 , returned the leading figures for the yorkshire bowlers on a tough day for the defending champions .
england must decide whether to stick with the attack that failed to force a first test win or twist and freshen things up for a second match . liam plunkett and mark wood impressed in the nets on sunday . moeen ali has joined up with the england squad after missing the first test in antigua through injury .
kevin pietersen made his first lv = county championship appearance since june 2013 in the hope of finding a way back into the england set-up . surrey batsman fell for 19 after appearing to be ready to build on the 170 he made against the oxford students last week . the 34-year-old came to the wicket just after lunch with surrey well placed on 111 for two and he was soon into his stride with two boundaries - one through the legside
mark selby beat kurt maflin 6-3 in their first round match at the crucible . the 31-year-old from leicester rocked ronnie o'sullivan in last year 's final . the no first-time champion has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on .
caster semenya reclaimed the south african 800-meter title on saturday and said she 's injury-free . the former 800 world title-holder and 2012 olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes , 5.05 seconds in stellenbosch , near cape town . semenya 's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the worlds in beijing in august .
mark selby will face kurt maflin in the china open semi-final on saturday . the world champion will have to negotiate both if he is to make history in sheffield . the londoner is one of only 21 players in history to have hit multiple 147 breaks in professional competitions .
michael phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series in arizona . the 18-time olympic gold-medallist was suspended by usa swimming following his drink driving conviction last september . phelps , the most decorated olympian in history , will miss this summer 's world championships in kazan , russia .
liam phillips won the 2013 bmx world title and was the world cup champion in 2014 . the 26-year-old from burnham-on-sea is hoping to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in a bid to arrive at the start gate in rio full of confidence . the somerset ace was the taken out by france 's damien godet in rotterdam last year .
british olympic chief bill sweeney insists the association worked ` really hard ' to keep aaron cook on board . cook applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici . the 24-year-old has already received his passport from the small eastern european state .
arsenal lost 3-2 to middlesbrough at the riverside stadium on monday night . gunners goalkeeper deyan iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes . emmanuel ledesma converted the resulting penalty past matt macey . daniel crowley pulled one back for arsenal on the hour mark .
juan mata insists his side can be proud of their performance during saturday 's defeat by chelsea . eden hazard scored the only goal of the game as louis van gaal 's side opened up a 10-point gap over closest rivals arsenal . mata returned to stamford bridge for the first time since leaving the club in january last year .
tony pulis will be the only manager in the premier league with more than 12 months experience who has never finished higher than 11th . west brom 's home defeats against qpr and leicester city have left them stuck on 33 points . pulis did an excellent job in turning around palace 's fortunes last season .
hull head to southampton on saturday without a win in five games . steve bruce admits his side need some ` crazy results ' if they are to preserve premier league status . hull face high-flying southampton knowing they ca n't afford to slip up with the bottom three closing .
leicester beat swansea 2-0 at the king power stadium on boxing day 2014 . leonardo ulloa scored his first premier league goal in 647 minutes . esteban cambiasso will surely be named leicester 's player of the season . click here for all the latest leicester news .
newcastle owner mike ashley has been warned he risks creating a lost generation of fans if he fails to invest in the club . thousands of newcastle fans boycotted the club 's last game , a 3-1 defeat at home to spurs on sunday . jensen , editor of online fanzine www.themag.co.uk , fears longer-term consequences .
alan pardew 's five-game winning run was crucial to newcastle 's season . newcastle fans protested for the board to sack pardew as manager . pardew won 26 of those three weeks before embarking on that winning stretch . the magpies are seven points off fourth and 10 from danger .
crystal palace lost 1-0 to sunderland at the stadium of light on saturday . yannick bolasie scored a hat-trick for the eagles in just over 10 minutes . alan pardew 's side have 25 points from a possible 36 under his care .
garry monk insists allardyce is a perfect fit for west ham . the hammers are currently ninth in the premier league table . the 36-year-old has been linked with a move to the olympic stadium . west ham travel to bottom-placed leicester city on saturday .
dele alli picked up the young player of the year award on sunday . the 19-year-old has yet to feature for spurs having been loaned back to his boyhood club , where he has continued to impress . alli has been key to karl robinson 's side scoring 16 goals in 41 appearances .
ryan hardie scored a brace on his full debut against dumbarton . the 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances . rangers boss stuart mccall promised his students they would be given their chance to impress when he took over last month . nicky clark 's horror miss after less than a minute was not the start .
stuart mccall is relaxed about the prospect of rangers finishing third in the scottish championship . the gers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the championship , with a one-point advantage over hibernian and a six-point cushion separating them from queen of the south . the winner of that tie then meets the premiership 's second-bottom side in a crucial winner-takes-all battle .
dave king will have to convince the sfa that he is a ` fit and proper ' person to be chairman of rangers . the south africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month and plans a return to the ibrox boardroom if he can overcome sfa obstacles . rangers want sfa clearance for king before commencing with a cash-raising rights issue for existing shareholders .
attention is already turning to liverpool after their fa cup semi-final exit at aston villa . unless one of the top four falter dramatically in the final six premier league games of the season , liverpool will also miss out on champions league qualification after only a season back in europe 's elite club competition . sportsmail assesses liverpool 's chances of landing five of their main targets .
the 5,000-capacity stadium will finally end a nomadic decade on the road for the breakaway outfit set up in may 2005 by manchester united fans sick of being exploited by the club they loved , for whom the arrival of the glazer family was a step too far . broadhurst park is a far cry from the glamour and glitz of old trafford , seven miles away across the city centre .
tehsin nayani 's book , ` the glazer gatekeeper : six years speaking for manchester united ' , challenges popular perception about the us bosses who succeeded in a debt-burdening # 800m takeover in 2005 . in it , he claims the family were always in it for the long haul and wanted united to overtake chelsea . son joel glazer refused to believe united fans could ` hate ' them .
barcelona want limited departures from the first team this summer . they also want to blood young players from their b-team out on loan at higher leagues because their second string is likely to be playing third division football . at real madrid the need for a clear-out could make the exodus bigger than in most other seasons and boy wonder martin odegaard will need a loan club . if real step up their interest in david de gea , it could mark the end of iker cas
wojciech szczesny had more than one reason to celebrate on saturday . the arsenal goalkeeper had played the full 120 minutes it took for the gunners to grind out a 2-1 win in extra-time over reading in a tense fa cup semi-final . his girlfriend mariana luczenko delivered a private performance by polish band , lemon .
john carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of newcastle united with thousands of supporters planning to boycott sunday 's home match against spurs . the 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with mike ashley 's running of the club . results on the pitch have not helped carver 's cause , but the problems at newcastle run deeper than a boss who has been left with a depleted and disinterested playing
aaron cresswell has been linked with a move to manchester city . the left back scored a stunning free-kick against stoke on saturday . sam allardyce has warned the 25-year-old he should remain where he is . click here for all the latest west ham united news .
fulham are eight points clear of millwall and bar a miraculous resurgence from one of the bottom three sides . kit symons had called for but a point away to charlton probably secures their future in the championship next season . the icelandic winger is joined by his teammates as they celebrate his equaliser at the valley .
tottenham boss mauricio pochettino believes harry kane and ryan mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since they returned from england duty . kane has been one of the stars of the premier league , scoring 29 goals in all competitions for tottenham , and is just one away from becoming their first player since gary lineker in 1992 to hit 30 goals in a season . mason has been called into roy hodgson '
juventus beat monaco 1-0 in their champions league quarter-final first leg . andrea pirlo played 74 minutes against monaco before being replaced by team-mate andrea barzagli . massimiliano allegri 's starting line-up had an average age of 30years 64days .
ashley young moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa . the 29-year-old acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club . young feels he has a role to play at united under louis van gaal . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
amir khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on may 30 . he has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential # 5million pay day against kell brook at wembley on june 13 . reports in america suggested television network showtime were not interested in showing a fight between him and algieri .
manny pacquiao took time out of his busy schedule to hang out with saved by the bell actor mario lopez . the filipino said of meeting los angeles lakers guard lin : ` thank you @jlin7 for coming to show your support . thank you for showing your love for the lord and being a good example ' . mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing .
bobby moore 's famous hug with pele in 1970 is often held up as the peak of sportsmanship . sportsmail 's jamie carragher has lambasted krul for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional . the implication is that as he walked off the pitch at half-time he should have been so lost in his own own own way .
tomas berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters for the third time on friday . opponent milos raonic retired with a foot injury . the canadian called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time to trail 5-2 in the first set .
rafael nadal beat john isner 6-4 7-6 -lrb- 7/5 -rrb- , 6-3 at the monte carlo masters . the world number three will now face grigor dimitrov in the last eight . nadal will now meet fellow spaniard david ferrer in the semi-finals .
stan wawrinka beat grigor dimitrov 6-1 , 6-2 at the monte carlo masters . the swiss no 2 won the first of the match and then made four unforced errors . the world no 9 looked listless and disinterested , rolling in 95mph first serves .
west ham striker enner valencia is a transfer target for chelsea . jose mourinho earmarked the ecuadorian in january as he chased juan cuadrado and douglas costa from shakhtar . the 21-year-old has scored 17 league goals for middlesbrough .
patrick bamford scored in middlesbrough 's 2-1 championship win over wolves on tuesday night . the 21-year-old striker has been prolific in his loan spells at boro , derby and mk dons . he will also be given the chance to impress jose mourinho on chelsea 's summer tour .
wojciech szczesny will start in goal for arsenal against reading at wembley . the poland goalkeeper has been deposed as arsenal 's no 1 . arsene wenger offered no further guarantees on his future . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
steve clarke admits his reading side must be ` perfect ' to beat arsenal . reading face arsenal in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . arsene wenger 's side are the in-form side in the premier league . click here for all the latest reading news .
steve clarke wants scheduling of matches in england to improve . reading had to play their fa cup replay against bradford in the last round on a monday when they had played a championship match two days previously . the massive premier league match between chelsea and manchester united is also scheduled to be televised at the same time .
jessica ennis-hill , mo farah and greg rutherford take part in sainsbury 's anniversary games . all three won their gongs on super saturday three years ago in the heptathlon , 10,000 metres and long jump respectively . tickets are now on sale to the general public at britishathletics.org.uk .
adrian heath is manager of the newest mls team orlando city . the well-travelled former everton and manchester city midfielder responds with good humour . heath has been here for eight years and witnessed the process at first hand , going from the backwoods of the usl to the major leagues that orlando have been elevated to this season .
nbc have transported their entire premier league production from their hq in stamford , connecticut to england . star anchor rebecca lowe was at turf moor to present burnley 's premier league match against arsenal . lifelong crystal palace fan lowe is married to former cheltenham manager paul buckle .
manchester city players were trained on wednesday ahead of their match against west ham united at their etihad campus . sergio aguero was back to his menacing best as he took part in shooting practice against goalkeeper joe hart . yaya toure and samir nasri are reportedly two players who could leave the club in the summer .
david villa cheered on his former club atletico madrid during the champions league quarter-final first-leg clash with real madrid . the 33-year-old joined new york city fc after a year at vicente calderon last season . villa is enjoying life in the big apple and has been named club captain .
eight of united 's first-team squad and six from city are from spain or spanish-speaking countries . they are david de gea , victor valdes , juan mata , ander herrera -lrb- all spain -rrb- , marcos rojo , angel di maria , antonio valencia , and falcao . nine english-speakers are expected to feature in the derby on sunday .
ufc women 's champion ronda rousey reinforced her support for manny pacquiao in his may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather as she paid a visit to the filipino 's los angeles training camp . ` truly honored to meet such a humble and genuine person . thank you @mannypacquiao for welcoming us into your home , ' he wrote on his twitter page .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . the american holds an open workout for the media . the session will be streamed live across the world and you can watch it here from 12am uk -lrb- 7pm edt -rrb- .
manny pacquiao will be put through his paces at the iconic wild card gym in los angeles this evening . the filipino icon has promised to be on time and you can watch it here from 11pm . mayweather was almost two hours late for his workout . click here for all the latest mayweather news .
manny pacquiao has shown off his musical talent by singing about the struggles in the philippines . the filipino boxer is joined by several of his compatriots as he sings and performs in ` i 'm fighting for filipinos ' . the 36-year-old was recently spotted training at griffith park in los angeles .
floyd mayweather 's clash with manny pacquiao in las vegas will earn $ 10,000 -lrb- # 6,800 -rrb- . the fight at the mgm grand on may 2 is expected to draw revenue of around $ 400m . both fighters are hard at work in their preparations for the fight . mayweather recently revealed he was within three pounds of the welterweight limit already .
floyd mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a bugatti . the # 1.5 million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later . obi okele , the owner of fusion luxury motors , was interviewed on mayweather 's facebook page and spoke about the late phone call he received .
floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of his bout with manny pacquiao next month . mayweather 's personal chef reveals that he loves his snacks , swapping healthy food for sweets and fizzy drinks on ` snack day ' .
theo walcott will open talks with arsenal in the next two weeks . the 26-year-old has got just over 12 months left on his current # 90,000-a-week contract . liverpool and manchester city are keen on the england winger . arsene wenger has said negotiations have taken place but walcott has publicly denied that .
atletico madrid know how to replace stars from david de gea to thibaut courtois , who looks to have become jan oblak . no club has used the third-party ownership lenience in spain more to its advantage than atletico . diego costa was sold to chelsea but replaced by mario mandzukic .
philipp lahm has given owen hargreaves an insight into the meticulous approach of pep guardiola ahead of the champions league quarter-final tie against porto . the former bayern munich team-mate was speaking to the bt sport pundit as part of a special documentary ` inside bayern ' which airs saturday at 10pm . guardiola and his predecessor , jupp heynckes , masterminded a bayern treble in 2013 before retiring from coaching
miranda and his atletico madrid team-mates were left riled by sergio ramos after the goalless draw at the vicente calderon . the brazil defender has said officials from ` lower leagues ' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games . miranda has also taken a swipe at the serbian official .
daniel carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards mario mandzukic 's arm in an off-the-ball scrap at the vicente calderon . the atletico madrid striker was on the receiving end of a number of hits from real defenders , even having his face cut following a ramos elbow . scholes has criticised the striker for reacting after the game .
real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid at the vicente calderon on tuesday night . cristiano ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him . gareth bale was often the brightest of real 's front three but his miss was still the clearest .
atletico madrid face paris saint-germain in the champions league semi-finals . three of them are from spain and with madrid rivals real and atletico squaring up on tuesday . jan oblak 's front page on wednesday leads on leads on atletico .
aston villa beat west brom 1-0 at white hart lane on saturday . yannick bolasie scored three as crystal palace shoved sunderland closer to the drop zone . tim sherwood returned to his former club and beat the club who ditched him last summer . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
wilfried zaha has rediscovered his form at crystal palace this season . the 22-year-old was signed by sir alex ferguson in january 2013 for # 10million . zaha made just four appearances for manchester united in two years . he admits he felt ` worthless ' during his two-year spell at old trafford .
eric cantona was speaking at the laureus sports awards in shanghai . the french film has a number of racy scenes , and at one point sees cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear . but the 48-year-old is adamant it is not pornography . cantona has defended the film , saying it is a work of art .
former manchester united striker eric cantona says javier pastore is the best player in the world according to cantona . pastore has three goals and five assists this season compared with messi 's 45 for barcelona and cristiano ronaldo 's 51 for spanish rivals real madrid . cantona was speaking at the laureus world sports awards in shanghai .
eric cantona made a rare foray into football matters at the laureus sports awards in shanghai on tuesday . the former manchester united captain believes the red devils can win the premier league next year too under louis van gaal . cantona once professed his desire to be the manager at old trafford but has changed his mind .
chris maguire opened the scoring for sheffield wednesday . yann kermorgant doubled the lead in the second half . matt ritchie equalised for bournemouth with a header . eddie howe pulled one back for the owls with a second half strike . sheffield 's kieran lee was sent off late on .
eddie howe was at a loss as to why his bournemouth side were not awarded a ` clear-cut ' penalty in their 2-2 draw with sheffield wednesday . the cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the championship going into stoppage time after yann kermorgant and matt ritchie scored . it was the failure of referee paul tierney not to give the hosts their 16th spot-kick of the campaign in the 65th minute
paris saint-germain midfielder marco verratti has praised zlatan ibrahimovic for playing an ` essential ' role for the french club . the 33-year-old striker has bagged 17 ligue 1 goals for laurent blanc 's side this season . he believes his input off the pitch is just as important .
porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in the first leg of their quarter-final . julen lopetegui has masterminded an unbeaten champions league campaign . the 48-year-old had only managed two seasons at club level with rayo vallecano and real madrid b .
gonzalo higuain and marek hamsik put napoli firmly in control . manolo gabbiadini made it four just moments after coming on as a second-half substitute . former arsenal striker nicklas bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts . wolfsburg remain in the semi-finals of the europa league .
petr cech has fallen behind belgian shot-stopper thibaut courtois . the 32-year-old posted a youtube cover of ` magnificent ' by u2 . cech is expected to leave stamford bridge this summer with arsenal and liverpool among those linked .
jurgen klopp announced he would leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . klopp has won two bundesliga titles , the german cup and the champions league final in his seven years at the club . dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke , klopp and michael zorc of dortmund were present for the press conference on wednesday .
todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injured when he was struck by a car on sunday . dracone spun out on turn one during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana . the pit crew worker was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has been released .
arjen robben has missed his side 's last three games due to an abdominal injury . the bayern munich winger has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days and plans on returning for bayern 's cup match against borussia dortmund . robben is close to returning to full fitness .
real madrid trio alvaro arbeloa , asier illarramendi and nacho gave adidas an exclusive tour of their training complex . real madrid 's first-team stars have a room where they can shoot hoops , play games consoles and relax ahead of a home game . each player has their own personalised room in the complex .
some fans in the east stand at the etihad stadium have been informed that their # 885 season cards will rocket to # 1,750 . but the club say that is because the seats have been upgraded . they also point out that they still have 8,000 seats below manchester united 's cheapest offering .
david silva was caught right on the cheekbone by cheikhou kouyate in the second half . the manchester city star was taken to hospital as a precaution but later posted on social media to ease fans ' worries . west ham manager sam allardyce claimed the incident was ` accidental ' .
uefa have ordered montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors - with one of those suspended for two years . during the game , russia goalkeeper igor akinfeev was struck by a lit flare . players from both sides were involved in a brawl before referee decided to abandon the game .
manchester united beat arsenal 1-0 in the fa cup semi-final first leg . goals from marouane fellaini and joe hart secured the win for the red devils . chris smalling scored a close-range header to add a fourth to the scoreline . juan mata was released by wayne rooney after the game .
manchester city lost 3-1 to chelsea in the fa youth cup final first-leg on monday night . manuel pellegrini and patrick vieira were in attendance to watch the club 's under 18s side take on the blues . city have invested millions into first-team stars over the last few transfer windows .
leonardo jardim was furious after his side lost 1-0 to juventus . the decision will add to calls for the use of video replays as it was still not fully clear what happened , even after several repeats of the incident in slow motion . the portuguese coach has been widely praised for taking an apparently limited team so far .
jose mourinho admits chelsea have made a bid for yoshinori muto . the west london club agreed a # 200million sponsorship deal with japanese tyre manufacturers yokohama rubber in february . fc tokyo president naoki ogane claims the blues have made an offer for the japan international .
patrick bamford hopes his long-term future will be at stamford bridge . the 21-year-old striker has scored 17 championship goals for middlesbrough this season . the striker beat ipswich town 's daryl murphy and watford 's troy deeney to win the prize at sunday night 's football league awards .
paul aldridge will leave the championship club at the end of next season . sheffield wednesday have brought in adam pearson and glenn roeder . chairman dejphon chansiri said the trio would form ' a three-man sporting director by committee ' at hillsborough .
jamie carragher says mike ashley has turned newcastle into a ` boring ' club . the sportsmail columnist is alarmed at what has become of the club . ashley says he only wants to make money ? ` oh a football club , '' he says . newcastle returned record profits of # 18.7 million this month .
moeen ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for liverpool 's official fan club in pakistan . the 27-year-old has been called up for england 's final two tests in the west indies . ali posted pictures with liverpool players raheem sterling and emre can on his twitter account .
bangladesh beat fellow world cup quarter-finalists pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in dhaka . tamim iqbal and mushfiqur rahim scored centuries as bangladesh elected to bat after winning the toss but struggled to 67 for two in the 20th . soumya sarkar was run out by wahab riaz for 20 and mahmudullah -lrb- five -rrb- was bowled by r
josh mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for hull kr . rovers twice came from behind , trailing 12-0 in the early stages . it was only the east yorkshire side 's second cup tie success since 1926 . ryan shaw converted on his way to a tally of five goals .
aaron murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as huddersfield beat catalans dragons 38-14 . the former wakefield wildcats star has now scored six tries in his last five appearances . ukuma ta'ai , who also scored twice , caught and off-loaded a kick from danny brough on 37 minutes .
gary cahill is yet to win the premier league with chelsea since joining in january 2012 . the england defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet . cahford believes jose mourinho 's side learnt some difficult lessons during last season in the league .
laurent blanc 's side face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final . the ligue 1 champions were swept aside in their own stadium last week . they have zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti back from suspension . blanc says they must play as if they have nothing to lose .
javier pastore believes lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo are a class above him . psg face barcelona in the second leg of their last-eight champions league tie . pastore scored a brace in psg 's 3-1 win at nice on saturday .
sean reardon was stopped by police as he drove through chico . claims once he was out of the car he was wrestled to the floor by officers . video footage shows the 30-year-old being hit with a baton or stick . it is likely to inflame tensions in america about police brutality .
the tour down under is a big part of the international cycling season and contributes more to the south australian economy than the f1 grand prix -lrb- formerly adelaide-based , now in melbourne -rrb- . it was the cycling mecca of the world , with 20 teams of lycra-clad pros and their supporters tearing up the roads and hanging out in coffee bars . the beatles hid here to evade fans back in 1964 .
carl frampton unveiled a cheque with his offer to sky tv cameras in a bid to force a deal with the ibf super-bantamweight champion . frampton 's promoters , cyclone promotions , headed by former world champ barry mcguigan , released a press release in response to the offer . hearn said the cheque offered 1.5 m reasons for the two boxers to fight .
andy lee takes on peter quillin in new york on saturday . the irishman won the wbo middleweight title last year . lee is confident he has improved even further since winning the title . the 29-year-old says he is ready for anything the former champion has in his locker .
kit dale , a two-time world pro brazilian jiu-jitsu champion from melbourne , australia , shared the image to his facebook page on sunday . by wednesday , the image had been liked by 370,000 facebook users and had been shared more than 45,000 times .
bridget olinda garcia , 32 , had confiscated her 13-year-old 's mobile phone . she was preparing to leave their home in port st. lucie , florida , following ' a brief altercation ' . after bundling his three siblings into her car , garcia started reversing down her driveway , when the teenager jumped on the hood .
gordon thorburn called the wooden buildings a `` male necessity '' - somewhere they could do some woodwork , pot some plants or even read the newspaper in peace . as everyday life gets every more stressful and homes get smaller , women are also looking to the single-storey structures as a safe haven . they are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock tudor pavilions with tiled floors .
the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning . lilly leas , the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter , managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online , but only because she set an alarm .
caspersey 's youtube channel , blogilates , has over two million subscribers , so fans may have been surprised to learn that the negative comments left under the california resident 's fitness videos still manage to get under her skin . but though mean and critical messages may have put a dent in the 28-year-old 's self-esteem , the workout pro is getting the last word with her latest video , the ` perfect ' body , which examines just whether conforming to society
ronny deila 's celtic take on aberdeen in the scottish premiership on wednesday . dundee 's simon ferry and james forrest were both on target for the visitors . the visitors have lost just one of their last five games in all competitions .
the video shows the incredibly peaceful encounter between the ray and johnny debnam , a 29-year-old commercial diver and ocean lover . mr debnam was free diving in water four metres deep ; holding his breath and diving down to the depths of the ocean on rottnest island off the coast of western australia .
barcelona face athletic bilbao in the copa del rey final . neymar scored twice as barcelona won the treble in 2009 . luis enrique 's side coasted past paris saint-germain to reach the final . abidal says the current crop are on their way .
steven pienaar has made just 11 appearances for everton this season . the 33-year-old midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries . he returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with swansea city earlier this month but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over burnley .
danny welbeck talks to sportsmail 's martin keown ahead of arsenal 's fa cup semi-final against reading on thursday . welbeck is a credit to his family and his easy-going manner means he must a dream to work with . arsenal face a championship side at wembley for the second year in a row .
chelsea are seven points clear with a game in hand over their closest rivals . jose mourinho 's side have kitted out their cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment . players including eden hazard and nemanja matic have been pictured being put through their paces .
manny pacquiao used instagram to show his fans a photo of his ripped body . the fight takes place at the las vegas , mgm grand garden arena on may 2 . the filipino boxer has been keen to show off he 's in the best condition of his life .
radamel falcao spent his thursday evening in the company of jonas gutierrez . gutierrez was introduced as a second-half substitute during united 's 2-0 defeat by liverpool on monday night . the colombia striker has been linked with paris saint-germain , juventus and valencia in recent weeks .
raymond van barnevald beat michael van gerwen 7-3 in the battle of holland . the dutchman won his third match on the bounce , beating bunting , 7-2 . phil taylor ended his losing run after beating dave chisnall .
richie benaud died last friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer . australian prime minister tony abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to benaut 's wife , daphne . mr abbott said the offer was a mark of respect for a man who meant so much to millions of people in australia and around the world .
christian eriksen opened the scoring for tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike . nacer chadli doubled the visitors ' lead shortly after half-time with a fine finish in the box . harry kane pulled one back for the magpies just after the hour mark when he pounces on a loose ball in the penalty area . spurs claim a 3-1 win over newcastle , who sink to a sixth loss
sergio aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put manchester city 2-0 up at the etihad . jesus navas gave city the lead after a fine flowing counter attack from adrian for an own goal . james collins doubled city 's lead shortly after half-time with a miss-timed clearance loops over adrian . yaya toure made it 3-0 just after the hour mark with a header from the edge of the area
real madrid drew 2-0 with malaga in la liga clash at the bernabeu . cristiano ronaldo missed a penalty but provided goals for sergio ramos and james rodriguez . carlo ancelotti 's side have now gone two points clear at the top of la l .
fifa vice-president jim boyce says the sfa were ` entirely wrong ' in their move to ban josh meekings from the scottish cup final . the inverness centre-half will learn on thursday whether he has been successful in challenging the one-match suspension offered by compliance officer tony mcglennan .
divock origi has been advising compatriot simon mignolet about life at anfield . origi signed for liverpool for # 10million last summer after impressed for belgium at the world cup in brazil . the 20-year-old has also received messages from members of the club 's management team to let him know they are monitoring his progress .
fifa and uefa have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations ' independence in running their own affairs . the greek government wants to stamp out incidents such as this in a march aek athens-olympiakos match . the bill will be initially reviewed by the cultural affairs committee from april 27-30 .
manchester united lost 3-0 to everton at old trafford last season . louis van gaal 's side have won more league points than they did last term . united are 11 points behind leaders chelsea and manchester city . moyes has won the premier league title by 11 points .
the 50-year-old man collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the rooftop restaurant on the fourth floor of the 101 legian hotel in kuta . it 's believed that he was from seymour in victoria . an autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death .
a 4wd burst into flames in the middle of an outdoor car park at sydney airport 's busy international terminal car park . the red 4wd was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle . the fire caused traffic delays throughout the international terminal due to heavy smoke .
tegan peters , 22 , from auckland immediately wanted to warn her pakuranga community after finding a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in ti rakau park , south of auckland . ms peters said she noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over , thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old rottweiler-cross , odin . she shared it with animal welfare pages in the area to alert people in case
michael j from michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup , zayla . footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up .
joachim low won the best coach award for guiding germany to the world cup . carlo ancelotti and diego simeone were runners-up at the ballon d'or ceremony in january . the two men were small-talked in zurich and simeotti is understood to have asked how life was in madrid .
the red and black luggage moves along the conveyor after being taken from the plane . mechanism appears to work on a sensor system , ensuring it strikes out at the centre of the luggage so as to not spin it . it is not known where this video was taken , although it is believed to be an international airport .
sunseekers are being warned that it could invalidate their home insurance if they get burgled while they are away . insurers are increasingly checking people 's social media accounts following a break-in to see if they announced they would be away . this is because most insurers have a ` reasonable care ' clause , meaning firms do n't have to offer up cash if they prove people were n't careful enough in protecting their possessions .
warren sapp was arrested the night after the super bowl in phoenix , arizona , on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women . in a police video released on monday , sapp , 42 , cries , cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on february 2 in the renaissance hotel . in the video sapp admits he paid for oral sex and that ` everyone got naked ' after he ` put $ 600 on the table ' in his
ron aydelott , head coach for the riverdale high school warriors in murfreesboro for nearly ten years , suffered serious facial injuries in the attack , which will require surgery . a 17-year-old student was reportedly in the coach 's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team .
sergey burkaev , 16 , and konstantin surkov , 17 , said to have raped last victim . pair doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in russia . baby-faced pair apparently fled in stolen car but were arrested by police .
man was pulled up from the rails of the washington , d.c. metro system by two men who leaped down after him . rescuers , who also have not been identified , sprang into action after seeing the man 's wheelchair unexpected roll over the lip of the platform on tuesday afternoon .
paul warren smith , 61 , was identified as the man in a white marshall independent school district van seen in surveillance video tossing five , 3-week-old puppies over a chain-link fence just before noon on saturday . all five puppies are healthy and uninjured ; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old .
passengers from madrid to manchester were allowed to walk through a deserted passport control unchecked . but by the time they arrived three hours later they disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at terminal 3 . schoolteacher clinton lakin , 46 , called the lack of security ` ludicrous ' .
speed began to build up on the m58 around switch island in merseyside . a silver mercedes attempted to undertake the trafffic . but a renault driver was n't happy and pulled into the inside lane to block the mercedes from advancing any further . the pair can be seen pointing and shouting at each other but neither driver lets up .
prime minister turned clock back to ape john major 's election soapbox . but he ended up being heckled by someone claiming ` the nhs is dying ' . mr cameron said he would ` take to the streets ' to defend the tory record . he said he had ` upped the tempo ' to make the case that his economic plan is working .
videoed outside by its owner tracy , the young german shepherd named kali bounces about the decking playfully while its adopted mother relaxes on the floor . after keeping a close eye on kali , the mother begins nudging the young dog with her nose and obediently skips off in the direction that she is being sent .
the 20-day-old ` spider goat ' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs . the kid 's six legs were of similar length initially , but as he grew two of them became shorter than the rest . farmer xiao qibin said the kid is growing quickly and healthily .
virgil van dijk scored in celtic 's 3-2 win over inverness on sunday . ronny deila 's side face dundee in the scottish premiership on wednesday . the dundees are eight points clear at the top of the table .
patrick bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season . the championship 's player of the year is on loan from chelsea . he is the club 's answer to to tottenham hotspur 's harry kane . kane got his chance because of expensively imported striker roberto soldado .
raheem sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide . the liverpool forward was also exposed on sunday after he was caught puffing on a shisha pipe . the 20-year-old will face club investigation over why he was taking the legal high , which is also known as ` hippy crack ' .
porto defeated bayern munich 6-1 in the champions league on tuesday . jackson martinez and ricardo quaresma were one of many porto players who looked perplexed by their warm reception . the team bus was met with a cacophony of fiercely-proud chanting .
james milner will make a decision over his future at manchester city . the england midfielder has interest from liverpool with brendan rodgers keen to fill the vacuum created by steven gerrard 's departure . milner has made just 13 premier league starts from 31 games .
nathan would join fellow brazilians willian , ramires , filipe luis and oscar . manchester city have been keen on the midfielder following his performances in the world u17 championships . jose mourinho and manuel pellegrini will go head-to-head to sign nathan .
west brom are watching nice forward alassane plea . plea has scored three goals this season and can also play as an attacking midfielder . former blackburn defender bryan dabo is also on tony pulis ' radar ahead of the summer transfer window . click here for all the latest west brom news .
juventus have a plan in place to sign edinson cavani , according to italian newspaper corriere dello sport . manchester united also hold an interest in cavani . louis van gaal is hoping to bring two new strikers to old trafford this summer with radamel falcao unlikely to turn his loan move into a permanent one .
memphis depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season . the dutch international has been tipped to join one of europe 's big boys . tottenham , manchester city and paris saint-germain are also among the contenders to sign the 21-year-old .
andre gomes has been linked with a move to premier league duo manchester united and chelsea . the 21-year-old midfielder has netted four times in 25 la liga appearances since leaving benfica last summer . the portuguese midfielder insists he is happy to stay at the club .
manchester united checked on lazio 's felipe anderson and gonzalo higuain of napoli on wednesday night . the 21-year-old brazilian midfielder has been in strong form this season and has drawn scouts from paris saint-germain , manchester city , liverpool and arsenal . manchester united are keeping tabs on the former real madrid forward as they consider a summer offer .
fc tokyo 's yoshinori muto will join chelsea 's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge . the japan international has played for the j-league side since 2013 . president naoki ogane claims the blues have made a bid for muto .
women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on a selfie . men also guilty of taking multiple selfies before they post one they like . two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken . itv 's good morning britain show is encouraging viewers to share the first selfie they take on social media under the hashtag #selfieesteem .
retired policeman spencer bell , 71 , had bravely ventured on to the motorway near watford , hertfordshire , after a man fell from a bridge in january last year . but as he tended the victim -- alan tretheway , 67 -- mr bell was struck by a toyota driven by mother-of-three iram shahzad . as mr trethetheway was struck and killed , mrs bell crouched with mrs shah
the incident happened on an unregistered road between the a417 and cowley in gloucestershire . the driver had followed his sat nav and ended up losing the roof of the lorry suspended in the air between a hedge and a tree . police say they are considering pursuing the driver for a driving offence .
oribe peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn america a draw . the second-half substitute headed home a cross from argentine midfielder rubens sambueza . ignacio piatti had put the impact ahead when he converted andres romero 's ball in early in the first half .
marc tierney has been forced to take early retirement following a long-term ankle injury . the 29-year-old left-back fractured his ankle playing against yeovil in september 2013 . tierney was set for a call up to the republic of ireland squad prior to his injury .
siem de jong played 72 minutes for newcastle 's under-21s on monday . the 26-year-old has only made one league start this season . he is in contention for a seat on the bench at st james ' park on saturday . peter beardsley 's side face swansea in the premier league next week .
abou diaby 's contract expires at the end of the season . arsene wenger has hinted he could offer the frenchman a new contract . diaby will be allowed to use the training facilities at the emirates . the 28-year-old has suffered in-excess of 42 injuries since signing in 2006 .
martin skrtel has been linked with a move to bundesliga side napoli . the liverpool defender played in his side 's 2-1 fa cup semi-final defeat to aston villa on sunday . the 30-year-old has made over 200 league appearances for the reds since arriving in 2008 .
liverpool must stick with brendan rodgers as he is the right man to take the club forward , believes stan collymore . rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season with the anfield outfit . the 42-year-old has gone three campaigns without a trophy .
david silva was caught in the face by an elbow from west ham 's cheikhou kouyate on sunday . the spain international received around eight minutes of treatment on the field before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital for examination . silva has apologised to silva via his twitter acount .
aston villa and reading have been charged by the football association . the charge relates to crowd disturbances occurring after the clubs ' fa cup quarter-final victories against west brom and bradford . both clubs have until thursday to respond to the charge . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
david silva suffered no fractures after being caught in the face by cheikhou kouyate in sunday 's premier league defeat of west ham . the spaniard was carried off on a stretcher after receiving around eight minutes of treatment on the field . manchester city will assess silva in the next few days .
floyd mayweather jnr 's sparring partner jeremy nichols gives a mock interview as manny pacquiao 's j flash 's nikols . the filipino meets undefeated mayweather in a $ 300million mega-fight that has been branded ` the biggest bout in boxing history ' . mayweather uses a -200 c kriotherapy chamber to help his recovery from training .
tomas berdych reached the final of the monte carlo masters for the first time . the sixth-seed defeated frenchman gael monfis 6-1 , 6-4 on saturday . monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set before the frenchman changed his strategy , using more sliced shots to break up his opponent 's rhythm .
frankie dettori will be left to focus on the british flat season . boss sheik joaan al thani signed up gregory benoist to ride the horses . the only exception will be sheik dual arc winner treve , who will continue to be partnered by veteran thierry jarnet .
saracens lost back-to-back european and domestic finals last year . clermont centre wesley fofana attempted an offload following a crunching hit from marcelo bosch . chairman nigel wray has pumped tens of millions of pounds into this club over the past two decades .
saracens face clermont auvergne in the european cup semi-final . charlie hodgson will captain mark mccall 's side at stade geoffroy-guichard . veteran fly half owen farrell has recovered from a knee injury .
zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month . no tourists have played in pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on sri lanka 's team bus in march 2009 . their team bus came under fire while travelling through the city of lahore .
west indies captain denesh ramdin confirmed devendra bishoo will play against england in the second test on tuesday . the 29-year-old comes into the game in place of the dropped sulieman benn in superb form . west indies have yet to face a frontline leg-spinner in tests .
kevin pietersen returned to the lv = county championship in a bid to stake a claim for an england recall , although the 34-year-old only managed 19 runs against glamorgan . gatting , who had just penned a congratulation message to james anderson , said there might not be a place for him in the international set-up . england were held to a draw in the opening test of a three-match series against west indies last week and calls
alastair cook has the full support of his coach , team-mates and selectors . the three half-centuries cook made in his last four test innings of last summer count for little now as his battle to prove he remains the best man for the job nears crunch time . the decision of graves and harrison to sack paul downton as managing director and announce that they are looking for a new ` supremo ' to replace him has placed cook and peter moores under more
point guard stephen curry scored a stunning 34 points for the golden state warriors in there play-off game . the warriors built a 15-point lead and rolled to victory in game one of their western conference first-round series . curry led the warriors with 34 points , hitting 13 of 25 shots and four three-pointers .
world snooker chairman barry hearn has rubbished rumours the betfred world championship will leave sheffield . this year marks the 40th anniversary of his most prestigious tournament at the crucible theatre , and there is interest from china in hosting the event . tournament favourite ronnie o'sullivan has said he would love to equal steve davis ' haul of six crucible crowns .
british world dressage champion charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas . the 29-year-old and her horse valegro recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of dutchman edward gal with american steffen peters in third .
scott sinclair is on loan at aston villa from manchester city . the winger has scored three goals in 10 games for the club . joe cole believes villa can beat arsenal in the fa cup final on may 30 if they repeat their performance from the semi-final against liverpool .
burnley striker danny ings insists he is aiming to play and develop wherever he ends up next season . ings has scored nine goals during his debut premier league season . the 22-year-old also linked with moves to borussia monchengladbach and david moyes ' real sociedad .
fernando torres regards steven gerrard as the best player he has played with . torres spent three-and-a-half-seasons at atletico madrid before leaving in 2011 . the 31-year-old has scored four goals for atletico since leaving the club .
jonas gutierrez was dropped from squad for sunday 's 3-1 defeat by tottenham . the argentinian has twice beaten testicular cancer and is now set to be released at the end of the season . sources close to gutierrez say he was left out for ` selection reasons ' .
the unsavoury scenes occurred on february 1 , 2014 following a 3-3 draw at loftus road . the foursome identified as harry childs , jack hutchins , dean foreman and bradley pack were sentenced for affray on friday . the incident occurred after last season 's draw between qpr and burnley .
southampton beat blackburn rovers 2-1 at st mary 's on monday . sam gallagher scored the winner in the under-21 premier league cup final . the 19-year-old has not even been named in the matchday squad . gallagher says he hopes he impressed ronald koeman .
jermain defoe and his sunderland team-mates fell to a humiliating 4-1 loss against crystal palace in their last match . defoe posted a photo via his instagram page which showed him enjoying the sunshine with a game of basketball . the former spurs forward has scored just three goals in 11 league appearances as the battle for premier league survival heats up .
dick advocaat has serious concerns over the strength of sunderland 's players . the black cats are two places and three points above the relegation zone . the dutch boss has never been relegated during 28 years as a manager . advocaaat fears his team lacks the muscle for such a test .
crystal palace beat newcastle 4-0 at the stadium of light on saturday . steven fletcher and jermain defoe were both on target for magpies . dick advocaat watched from the comfort of his home in holland . the congolese forward had earlier laid on the opener for glenn murray .
nelson oliveira is on-loan at swansea from portuguese giants benfica . the 23-year-old has won 14 caps for his country and was linked to a # 24million move to manchester united . oliveira has recovered from a training-ground ankle injury .
dele alli has set his sights on playing for england under 20s . the 19-year-old has impressed for milton keynes dons this season . alli was named football league young player of the year last sunday . click here for all the latest tottenham hotspur news .
bayern munich lost 3-1 to porto in the champions league second-leg . pep guardiola 's side responded with a 6-1 scoreline at the allianz arena . kurier report on porto 's ` terror in munich ' was much more damming .
fifa president sepp blatter met russia president valdimir putin on a world cup visit on monday . blatter said the 2018 world cup will be his 10th after more than 40 years working for football 's world governing body . the 79-year-old swiss said he was pleased with the progress the country was making on the world cup .
manchester city sporting director txiki begiristain checked on porto pair yacine brahimi and alex sandro on tuesday night . sandro , a 24-year-old brazilian left-back , is wanted by juventus too . city are currently fourth in the premier league table .
harry redknapp says tottenham have not made any progress under mauricio pochettino this season . spurs are currently occupying a place only in the top six . the argentine boss insists the club have not moved forward under their argentinian manager this season , despite selling gareth bale .
tottenham beat newcastle 3-1 at st james ' park on sunday . harry kane became the first spurs player since gary lineker to reach the 30-mark with a late strike in his side 's premier league victory at newcastle . mauricio pochettino is convinced the 21-year-old can improve further .
florin andone has scored six goals in 16 games for cordoba . the 22-year-old moved to spain when he was 12 and has since made an impression being called up to the romania national side . tim sherwood is looking at the attacking duo of andone and bakary sako to bolster his squad next season .
mark halsey has slammed the fa 's decision to put jon moss in charge of the fa cup final instead of mark clattenburg . the former premier league referee said the english game would be a ` laughing stock ' over the decision to ignore the decision . clattenberg is one of only two english referees in the uefa elite ranks .
martin odegaard 's week got worse when the 16-year-old wonderkid was refused a rating by spanish newspaper as for his performance for b-team castilla . the norway international was dropped previously by manager zinedine zidane and was substituted after 65 minutes against tudelano . he chose madrid over liverpool and manchester but it has been suggested other castilla players resent the starlet training with the first and second team .
martin odegaard has been dropped from real madrid 's b-team castilla . the 16-year-old wonderkid is already experiencing how difficult it can be for young players in the spanish capital . the norwegian youngster visited liverpool and arsenal 's training grounds , as well as bayern munich .
cristiano ronaldo returned to real madrid 's valdebebas training ground after helping portugal go top of euro 2016 qualifying group i . he was pictured greeting fellow galactico gareth bale , who also enjoyed a successful weekend with his country . carlo ancelotti led the first-team - and talented youngster martin odegaard - in training .
charlie pye applied for the job after paul lambert was sacked in february . villa fan wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football , a wwe wrestling figure and some sweets . sherwood has guided villa six points above the relegation zone .
tim sherwood became famous for wearing a gilet during his time as tottenham manager last season . n'zogbia is no stranger to a garish outfit as seen here in a camouflage jump suit and trouser combo . the ireland international has featured regularly under tim sherwood since his appointment in february .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . the gunners have won 16 from 18 matches in all competitions . per mertesacker will not allow arsenal to become complacent . the german believes the club have become a stronger unit from last season .
manchester city host west bromwich albion in the fa cup semi-final . manchester city face west ham united at the hawthorns on sunday . newcastle united face tottenham hotspur -lrb- 1.30 pm -rrb- in the semi-finals . aston villa vs liverpool -lrb"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped jurgen klopp to make his mark in the premier league if he opts to continue his career in england . klopp , 47 , announced earlier this week he would end his seven-year stint at borussia dortmund when the current season draws to a close . manchester city have already indicated that a man who has also been linked with manchester united and arsenal in the past is not in their sights .
david seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in fa cup history against sheffield united at old trafford 12 years ago . the former arsenal keeper says it 's the best one he ever made . seaman says the save was the best of his career and topped his penalty heroics at euro 96 for england .
oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since january . the brazilian international has insisted he is happy at stamford bridge . jose mourinho has been linked with a move for the 23-year-old . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .
former undisputed super-middleweight champion of the world frolicked with girlfriend lucy on the beach this week . but after they took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim their fun was suddenly interrupted by a downpour of rain . calzaghe hung up his gloves after a stunning career in which he won all 46 of his professional fights .
floyd mayweather lacks class and does not act in the manner befitting a champion , according to marvin hagler . mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world , nicknamed ` money ' as much for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance . the two best pound-for-pound fighters will finally meet in las vegas on may 2 .
manny pacquiao revealed yet another of his talents by releasing his own walk-out tune ahead of his $ 300m mega-fight with floyd mayweather jnr . the so-called ` nation 's fist ' not only wrote the song ` lalaban ako para sa filipino ' but also directed the music video before releasing it on his facebook page on monday . the tune , which sounds somewhat like an 80s rock ballad actually translates as ' i will fight
louis van gaal wants danny ings to form a central part of his manchester united rebuilding this summer . high-placed sources at old trafford have confirmed their interest in a player who is also being pursued by fierce rivals liverpool . ings is out of contract in the summer but due to his age , burnley would be owed a fee set by a tribunal of around # 5million if he joined an english club .
radamel falcao joined manchester united on a season-long loan last summer . but the colombian has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . nabil dirar believes the striker must be regretting his failed loan move to monaco even though he was not happy in france .
phil taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against dave chisnall . the defeat for taylor sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth . gary anderson drew with raymond van barneveld in the last in a pulsating evening in manchester dubbed ` judgement night ' .
dutch darts duo michael van gerwen and raymond van barneveld 's current form could n't be further apart as they head into premier league darts ' ninth leg in manchester on thursday . world no 1 , 25 , beat countryman . van barneyveld , 47 , 7-2 last week to remain undefeated and leave the veteran four-time world championship winner on the brink of elimination .
brendan rodgers will remind raheem sterling of his responsibilities after his recent controversies . the liverpool forward has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide , also known as ` hippy crack ' . rodgers said that sterling 's behaviour would be dealt with internally .
england 's new top three had all succumbed to a west indies pace attack seemingly inspired by bowling coach curtly ambrose . graves ' words might well inspire the home side side just as greig did all those years ago in 1976 . the last time england played a test at the sir viv richards stadium , in 2009 it was abandoned after 10 balls .
the world has been paying tribute to richie benaud , the former australia captain and iconic cricket commentator . the weekend australian carried tributes to ` the face of cricket ' on saturday . the age had a special tribute edition to benaud standing on a cricket field with the dates 1930-2015 .
alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the fa cup semi-final against arsenal . the reading goalkeeper had fought valiantly but were unable to score another equaliser to take the tie to penalties . federici had pulled off a series of stunning saves to keep the sides level at 1-1 .
john carver has called on the advice and support of former newcastle managers alan shearer and alan pardew as tensions grow between the club and its fanbase . supporters are planning to boycott today 's game at home to spurs in protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from owner mike ashley . carver was in the dugout alongside pardew at the end of last season when fans again expressed their discontent during a 3-0 victory over cardiff .
thousands of newcastle united supporters stayed away from sunday 's home match against spurs in protest at mike ashley 's running of the club . protest group ashleyout.com had urged fans to boycott the game and several hundred gathered outside of st james ' park before kick-off . there they called for billionaire ashley to quit the club and unfurled a banner , ` nufc -- balance sheet champions -- 2008-2014 ' .
manchester city beat west ham 4-2 at the etihad stadium on sunday . james collins and sergio aguero scored the goals for the hammers . frank lampard was given a rare chance to impress by starting against west ham . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
rafa benitez is set to leave napoli this summer and will have a host of clubs after his services . he was made chelsea interim manager in 2012 but it 's fair to say the fans never warmed to him . rafa never liked being called the ` interim ' manager .
winston reid says west ham no longer suffer from a fear of facing manchester city after beating them at last sunday . city had won their last five games against west ham - an aggregate score of 14-1 - before falling to just their second league defeat of the season at upton park in october . reid said he and his team-mates no longer dread facing manuel pellegrini 's side .
yaya toure 's agent has called manchester city boss manuel pellegrini a ` weak manager ' and criticised the club 's chief executive ferran soriano and director of football txiki begiristain . dimitri seluk has claimed the club are trying to make toure a scapegoat for bigger problems behind the scenes .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on sunday . jose mourinho said he was unfazed by his side 's staggeringly low possession stat . the portuguese insisted his team 's priority was to win the game and not concern themselves with statistics .
carlo ancelotti will remain in charge at the santiago bernabeu next season . the 55-year-old has been linked with a return to the premier league . manchester city manager manuel pellegrini said he expects to be in the spanish capital for at least another year .
stoke keeper asmir begovic has been linked with a summer move to real madrid . the 27-year-old bosnia international has been one of the premier league 's most consistent keepers . mark hughes has dismissed the latest reports linking him with a move away from the britannia stadium .
cristiano ronaldo scored the landmark goal against rayo vallecano on april 8 and only trails raul -lrb- 323 -rrb- and alfredo di stefano in the scoring charts . the portuguese forward has only taken six years to reach the figure in all competitions . carlo ancelotti confirmed the news in his pre-match press conferesnce .
manny pacquiao 's conference call about his fight against floyd mayweather was abruptly cancelled on monday . a spokesman for pacquino 's promoter blamed technical difficulties for the cancellation , partly due to the large number of boxing writers and broadcasters who were on the call . the filipino could only answer one question due to technical issues .
luis suarez opened the scoring for paris saint-germain in the first half . salvatore sirigu made it 3-0 just before half-time with a stunning strike . suarez added a second in the second half with a neat finish . the uruguayan was left dejected after being embarrassed by suarez .
lionel messi has a place at barcelona until he retires , claim club president josep maria bartomeu . messi was linked with a move away from the nou camp earlier this year . the argentine forward scored his 400th goal for barca in saturday 's 2-0 triumph over valencia .
earlier this week barcelona striker luis suarez admitted he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside neymar when he joined the club . suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions but most importantly he has found the net in the premier league last season . liverpool face paris saint-germain at the nou camp on tuesday night .
barcelona president josep maria bartomeu says the club are ` very happy ' with luis enrique . the 44-year-old took charge of the club last summer and is only six games away from winning the title . enrique 's side face valencia in the champions league on saturday .
radamel falcao joined manchester united on a one-year loan deal in september but has failed to shine during his time at old trafford . the colombia striker has scored just four goals in 25 appearances for the club this season . vadim vasilyev revealed on tuesday that united are keeping their options open for the moment at least .
coach leonardo jardim believes monaco 's march to the champions league quarter-finals is proof that clubs do not have to splash the cash in order to achieve european success . dmitry rybolovlev 's takeover prompted a slew of big-name arrivals at the stade louis ii , with the likes of radamel falcao , james rodriguez and joao moutinho signed for hefty transfer fees . the russian billionaire has
arsenal beat reading 2-1 in the fa cup final at wembley on saturday . arsene wenger accepted his side were ' a bit lucky ' to win the game . the gunners will head back to the sky bet championship on may 30 . click here for arsenal transfer news .
floyd mayweather has shared a video flaunting his diamond-encrusted watches , fleet of super-cars and carpets of cash on his instagram account . the 38-year-old boxer is expected to earn around # 120million for his upcoming bout against manny pacquiao next month .
jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield . the 24-year-old 's new deal is worth around # 100,000-a-week . liverpool vice-captain had been in talks with liverpool since the beginning of this season . he is the third big player in brendan rodgers ' squad to agree a contract extension .
napoli face wolfsburg in the europa league quarter-final on thursday . rafael benitez admits he tried to raid former club chelsea to sign andre schurrle before their january departures to wolfsburg from borussia dortmund and bayern munich . the napoli manager will see his side line up against the german outfit in the quarter-finals of the competition .
chelsea boss jose mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in premier league history at shutting out opponents . rafa benitez has 13 more , 114 from 254 matches with liverpool and chelsea , keeping out his opponents in 44.9 per cent of his games . mancini is third , on 0.83 and bruce rioch fourth on 38.4 per cent .
werder bremen beat hamburg sv 1-0 in the europa league on saturday . franco di santo converted his spot-kick for his 13th goal of the season . new coach bruno labbadia has been tasked with preventing hamburg from going down for the first time ever .
divock origi was voted the second most overrated player in a poll by france football . the 19-year-old joined liverpool after impressing at last summer 's world cup . mignolet has backed belgium striker origi to be a success at anfield .
atletico madrid are in talks to sign paulo dybala , according to reports in spain . the 21-year-old has attracted interest from a number of european clubs . palermo president mauricio zamparini is also in madrid to meet with representatives .
juventus have made a move for paulo dybala , according to reports in italy . the palermo striker has caught the eye of manchester united and arsenal . carlos tevez could be eyeing a return to argentina with boca juniors . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
joe hart has been lamenting the premier league champions ' fall from grace this season . manchester city have had a disappointing campaign under manuel pellegrini and are 12 points behind chelsea with five matches left to play . hart said the defeat at old trafford was a particularly tough pill for him and his team-mates to swallow .
ap mccoy landed the second win of his last aintree meeting thanks to a trainer he will be praying does n't win saturday 's grand national . irishman gordon elliott trains cause of causes , a gelding owned by jp mcmanus and one of the mounts he could have taken in the race instead of shutthefrontdoor .
anderson silva will meet with brazilian taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year 's olympics in rio de janeiro . silva tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test on jan. 9 , and also failed a test after his ufc victory over nick diaz on january 31 .
andy flower , england cricket board director who guided sides to three ashes triumphs and the world no 1 spot , will not be interfering in any way with the work of the next director of cricket . this has led to speculation that flower 's continuing role on the ecb staff would conflict with the job description of the new appointment . kevin pietersen , who is using social media app periscope to film himself getting a sun tan or whistling , is highly unlikely to speak out about
bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has quit in the fall-out of their champions league defeat by porto . the 72-year-old is renowned as a world leader in his field and has been at bayern for almost 40 years . his son kilian , peter ueblacker and lutz hansel have also resigned .
jessica ennis-hill will compete against katarina-johnson thompson in austria at the end of may . the 29-year-old admits juggling motherhood with olympic aspirations poses a big challenge . she will race the hurdles at the great city games in manchester in mid-may .
jessica ennis-hill has begun communication with the iaaf in the aim of being rewarded with world championship gold from 2011 . in january chernova was found to have provided a positive sample for a prohibited steroid at the 2009 world championships . the russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 august 2009 to 14 august 2011 .
eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 iaaf world championships . the decision was taken by the international association of athletics federations council , who decided to bypass the usual bidding process because of what it saw as a ` unique strategic opportunity ' . the 2007 world championships held in osaka , japan was also awarded without a bidding process .
liverpool are making a rival push for manchester united target memphis depay . liverpool hope to convince depay that he would get more regular football with them . depay won their first eredivisie title in seven years after beating heerenveen 4-1 on saturday .
ander herrera has played down comparisons with paul scholes . the spaniard has scored seven goals in 26 appearances since his # 28.8 million arrival from athletic bilbao last summer . herrera took part in one of manchester united foundation 's dream days on monday , meeting up with ill children and adults at carrington .
jessica carey had her husband aaron carey tattooed on her forearm . the elderly lady did n't realise she was in store for two surprises . jessica surprised her grandmother patty lawing with the tattoo . it showed her overcome with emotion at the tattoo and it was captured on camera .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the second leg of their champions league quarter-final at the santiago bernabeu on wednesday night . carlo ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio luka modric , gareth bale and karim benzema . the two teams come head-to-head following the first encounter on april 14 .
mandzukic suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by sergio ramos and fellow real defender dani carvajal . the croatian also suffered an ankle injury that forced him to miss saturday 's 2-1 win at deportivo la coruna in la liga . atletico and rivals real drew 0-0 in the first leg which was dominated by second half scraps .
real madrid face rivals atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final second leg on wednesday . cristiano ronaldo and co looked exhausted after play-fighting with team-mates isco , sergio ramos and nacho . carlo ancelotti 's side will be without striker karim benzema for wednesday 's match .
numberitor roxy de la rosa posted pictures of dozing alex elenes on social media . the traveller went on a trip of a lifetime to see the amazon rainforest . but he missed the whole thing being asleep ! even a nail-biting piranha fishing expedition .
shaheen pirouz from denton , texas , filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards . footage shows him being positioned on his back legs , with his eyes immediately starting to close . he then flops over to one side as he falls into a deep sleep .
football-mad scottish leader jim murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the tories in edinburgh today . the match was organised to help motor neurone disease campaigner gordon aikman in his fight against the terminal condition . mnd patient , campaigner and founder of gordonsfightback.com , refereed the event at spartan 's community football academy .
adam johnson was accompanied by his lawyer as he was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl . johnson scored seven goals in as many matches for sunderland . the 26-year-old was considered a prospect for roy hodgson as recently as a year ago .
a group of disabled manchester city supporters say they are ` disgusted ' with the club after they hiked prices of some season tickets by # 345 to # 975 . the 283 per cent rise has been strongly criticised by some of those affected . they claim the premier league champions are trying to force migration to other parts of the etihad stadium as part of a wide-ranging re-seating plan .
cordoba striker florin andone could sign for as little as # 2.5 million . the spanish side are poised to be relegated and need to raise funds . villa have held talks over 22-year-old andone earlier this week . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
josh meekings will be allowed to appear in the scottish cup final . inverness defender went on to beat celtic 3-2 after extra-time . but a three-man judicial panel dismissed the charge - leaving him free to face falkirk at hampden park on may 30 .
southampton host tottenham in the premier league on sunday . ronald koeman says his players must remain focused on european qualification . mauricio pochettino 's first return to st mary 's adds extra spice to match . wanyama 's claims that arsenal were interested in his services were ` bull **** ' .
frank knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the championship 's basement club , having to pay a staggering # 20,000 in damages . supporters have been protesting against the oyston family , who own the club , before matches and then not attending the games . knight is a lifelong fan of the seasiders and was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online this time last year .
juventus beat lazio 2-0 at the summit of serie a on saturday . carlos tevez scored the opening goal for juventus . defender leonardo bonucci added the second 11 minutes later . barcelona stay in first place and keep their two-point lead over real madrid .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . daniel sturridge met up with comedian darren farley as part of a promotional video for bt sport . farley mimicked a number of anfield stars both past and present .
cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi will go head-to-head once more in the champions league this season . both barcelona and real madrid booked their spots in the semi-finals this week with victories over paris saint-germain and atletico madrid respectively . the planet 's best footballers have scored eight times in europe this term .
manchester united have fought all season to try to secure a return to the champions league . but six players shown the exit door at old trafford are in the final four . cristiano ronaldo , carlos tevez , paul pogba and gerard pique have all made the semi-finals in their former club 's absence from the competition .
kurt zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role against manchester united specifically to stop marouane fellaini from continuing his good form at stamford bridge . jose mourinho gave an insight into his instructions after the game . the belgian has shone under louis van gaal in recent weeks .
zinedine zidane said eden hazard excites him more than cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi . the real madrid reserve boss was unashamed in his praise for the belgian . zinedine is tipped as a future manager at the bernabeu .
john hughes will be allowed to appear in scottish cup final . inverness defender set off on a lonely bike ride after hearing meekings had been cited for handball missed by officials in the semi-final against celtic . hughes admits his head was in a spin over an affair that has dominated the back-page headlines since last sunday .
the al rayyan stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by uk-based architecture firms ramboll and pattern . fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees celsius , while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled . the stadium is expected to host matches up to the quarter-final stage of the world cup in qatar in 2022 .
on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at the home of manchester united for the last football match to be played in england . the anniversary is being marked in manchester by the national football museum whose exhibition the greater game : football & the first world war tells the story of a controversial match played on the same day thousands of allied troops were killed in a deadly german chlorine gas attack near ypres , belgium .
chelsea travel to the emirates on sunday to face their nearest rivals arsenal . oscar hopes that winning the premier league can kick-start a period of dominance in english football for the blues . jose mourinho 's side are 10 points clear of arsenal , who they play at the weekend .
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney . the elastic in mr shinn 's pants gave way , exposing his backside to punters track-side . acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing .
jonathan pitre , 14 , was born with epidermolysis bullosa - or ` butterfly skin ' . his body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal . holding cutlery to eat is incredibly difficult . his mother tina and jonathan say they try not to think about the fact that he has a life expectancy of 25 .
the video , filmed in moon park , odessa , sees film-makers hide in the bushes . the young girl dressed in a white , bloodstained nightgown , waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming , causing them to run off in terror . despite the video 's viral success , not all the commentators have been amused .
the actress and her fiance ashton kutcher responded to the impending lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video claiming they were going to file a lawsuit against the accuser . on wednesday the story broke that the 31-year-old was being sued for $ 5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend . within hours kunis had posted a video - pointing out some of the holes in karo 's story . he accuser has a new music video out ,
jordan henderson has committed his long-term future to liverpool . the 24-year-old signed a new # 100,000-a-week contract with the reds . he was lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign fulham 's clint dempsey only for the midfielder to reject the move .
terri hernandez is opening up about the bond she shared with ursula lloyd during her son 's murder trial . ' i smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head , ' she said . lloyd was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on after he was convicted of lloyd 's killing .
footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station . they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads . other parts of the brawl are hidden from the cameras behind pillars in the subway station .
francis pusok 's arrest was recorded by a tv news helicopter and led to an fbi civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe . pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent ' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear : ` this is n't over ' .
the 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of barrington is opulent and private , sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens . the sophisticated five bedroom , nine bathroom french country-style estate that serves as a glamorous backdrop to the show is listed at $ 13 million .
police were called to an industrial site in wetherill park , west of sydney , shortly after 11am on thursday where they worked to release three men . two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby fairfield hospital in a serious condition . police and workcover nsw are investigating the incident and a report will be prepared for the coroner .
guardiola split his pants during bayern munich 's 6-1 victory over porto . the spanish tactician teamed his tight , grey suit with a navy pullover , black tie and crisp white shirt . the current trend for wearing a whistle and flute that is at least a size too small , presumably to showcase a well-honed physique .
anya brodie gave michelle obama a big warm hug after flattering her by saying that she looked to young to be 51-years-old . in attendance at the event were the children of white house employees , kids from the boys and girls club , and also some kids from d.c child and family services .
youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest . footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top . after a brief moment of stillness , the infant repeats the same move and rolls to the ground .
four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from dockweiler state beach , just west of the city 's international airport . the animal was a small seal . marine animal rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people said to be harassing it .
device will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors . these sensors were so precise there would be ` no false alarms ' . decision comes after israeli army considered more than 700 proposals aimed at combating a tunnel threat . it is thought the system will cost around # 2.3 million -lrb- $ 3.5 m -rrb- per mile to install .
the russian football union said spartak fans displayed ' a banner of discriminatory content with a racist symbol ' . the club were fined 200,000 rubles -lrb- # 2,500 -rrb- over the incident , which took place during the team 's 1-0 russian premier league loss to arsenal tula earlier this month .
nine-year-old girl was savaged by the animal in namtsy , siberia . she was walking home from music school with her mother when she was attacked . the circus is believed to have abruptly left the village after the attack . it has not been confirmed how badly injured the girl was .
the dramatic collision is being dubbed the ` craziest rear-end collision in the country ' . pictures and videos of the scene were posted to weibo , china 's equivalent of twitter , and quickly went viral . it 's unclear whether or not this is a military tank serving the state army , but footage shows people inside the vehicle were wearing camouflage uniforms .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season . the reds travel to west bromwich albion in the premier league on saturday . click here for liverpool transfer news .
marouane fellaini picked steven gerrard as the best passer he has faced during his professional career . the belgian put to one side manchester united 's rivalry with their north-west rivals to heap praise on the reds captain for his range of passing in an official club interview . michael carrick has been impressive form since returning from injury .
southampton host tottenham at white hart lane on saturday -lrb- kick-off 3pm -rrb- . ronald koeman has praised the work of his predecessor mauricio pochettino at the club . koeman had to cope with several player sales at southampton .
tottenham boss mauricio pochettino would like harry kane to be rested at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the european u21 championships . spurs and england have been in talks for some time without reaching an agreement . fa chairman greg dyke designed to strengthen the bond between england 's patron saint and its football team .
tottenham defender kyle walker faces a further four weeks out . scans showed the england international had not broken his foot . there were fears he may have fractured his right foot after taking a hefty blow from a collision with kieran trippier during the draw at burnley on april 5 .
andrea dossena will face no further action after being accused of shoplifting . the 33-year-old defender hit headlines around the world when he was arrested at the knightsbridge store on april 7 . however , metropolitan police have confirmed that the italian and a woman were released after being interviewed .
liverpool are showing interest in borussia dortmund striker ciro immobile . the italy international has not had the best of times in the bundesliga . liverpool have made contact with dortmund 's sporting director michael zorc to sound out the figures . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
jordon ibe will sign a new five-year contract with liverpool by the end of the week . the 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at anfield until 2020 . ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at derby county but returned to liverpool in january .
jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool after a third straight season without a trophy . the 37-year-old has provided coaching in eight schools in merseyside through his 23 foundation . liverpool are seven points behind manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification for next season .
jack grealish has become the latest premier league star to be accused of getting high on ` hippy crack ' . the 19-year-old midfielder has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide . aston villa declined to comment on wednesday night .
teresa bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old macaque monkey named angel . the video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers . its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream , eye-liner , mascara and finally , red lipstick .
edinson cavani is a target for manchester united but looks set to stay . psg owner nasser al-khelaifi said the french champions were determined to hold on to the 28-year-old and have not even considered selling him . cavani came off the bench to score twice against bastia in saturday 's league cup final .
julian weigl has been earning rave reviews in germany 's second division playing for 1860 munich . the 19-year-old has a buy-out clause of # 2.5 million . juventus and borussia dortmund are also said to be keen on concluding a deal for the german starlet .
nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the us women 's national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the american flag . charlie brooks , nike 's vice president of north america communications , has defended the company 's decision not to promote the ` stars and stripes ' . the kit is white with black trim on it .
corryer caught on camera launching foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist . in footage , the trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan moves into his lane . eventually , the caravan towing the caravan jackknifes , coming to rest across the front of the van , blocking the slip road - believed to be junction 8 with the m5 , near birmingham .
paul doyle , 56 , moved his family into # 820,000 home in altrincham , cheshire . father-of-two put down a # 200,000 deposit and obtained a # 600,000 mortgage . but his family were probed after scandalising the leafy neighbourhood . doyle admitted supplying class a and b drugs between 2012 and 2014 . he now faces a proceeds of crime hearing at manchester crown court .
ronald koeman held a meeting with southampton 's players to refocus their minds on european qualification . victor wanyama 's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to arsenal . morgan schneiderlin , nathaniel clyne and jay rodriguez have all been linked with a move away .
sir alex ferguson made a # 5,000 donation to remember mary barbour fund . the 73-year-old was famous not just for the trophies won , his haul of 49 assorted cups and prizes making him easily britain 's most successful ever manager . ferguson 's ability to push players hard was based at least in part on the example he set himself .
gary deegan caught gary irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge . referee craig charleston saw an incident , but not the gory details . scotland chief executive fraser wishart renewed his call for member clubs to put the genie back in the bottle .
chris ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to loftus road . west ham 's sam allardyce and bournemouth 's eddie howe have both been linked with ramsey 's job in the summer . ramsey worked with tim sherwood at tottenham 's academy .
virgil van dijk believed he had sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career the night he landed an early red card against inter milan . events at hampden on sunday forced him to revise his opinion . the claims of referee steven mclean and his five assistants that they failed to see the handball by inverness player josh meekings which denied celtic a penalty , a red card , possibly a crack at the treble , struck many at park
chris ramsey has pledged his long-term future to qpr . the 52-year-old was handed the manager 's job until the end of the season . ramsey insists he is more than happy to remain at the club for as long as they want him . click here for all the latest qpr news .
john carver says he and jonas gutierrez have shaken hands and moved on from the training-ground bust-up which saw the player dropped for sunday 's defeat by spurs . carver took the decision to remove the argentine from the matchday squad on thursday . newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight defeats in the premier league if they lose to the swans .
manny pacquiao has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight in las vegas , which has been billed as the biggest sporting event in history with two of the best pound-for-pound fighters of all time facing off . the filipino says he must be a ` warrior in the ring ' , bringing a never-say-die attitude to each round at the mgm grand . he also promised fans , who have been waiting for the showdown for half a decade , that
justin rose is back training ahead of his next pga tour event . the englishman pushed winner jordan speith all the way on the final day . rose is already looking ahead to his next outing and posted a photograph on twitter showing his followers his high-tech ` trackman indoor high definition golf simulator ' .
nico rosberg got the better of mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in bahrain second practice session . hamilton was slower in sectors one and two of fp2 but a mistake from hamilton gifted him first place . the duo finished 15th and 16th , 1.466 secs and 1.705 secs adrift of kimi raikkonen in his ferrari .
mercedes duo lewis hamilton and nico rosberg found themselves in unusual positions towards the rear of the timesheet . there was no alarm as mercedes focused on a particular plan , with the 90-minute session at the bahrain international circuit hardly representative of what all the drivers will face in qualifying and the race due to start late at 6pm local time .
the 2014 dewhurst stakes winner beat only one home in saturday 's greenham stakes . roger varian has an interesting derby trial contender in newbury maiden winner intilaaq . trainer charlie hills said the french guineas was an option for his colt . but richard hannon says tiggy wiggy is likely to take her place .
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at newbury on saturday . three of the jockey 's winners -- derby prospect golden horn , who won the feilden stakes at newmarket , oaks candidate star of seville .
ap mccoy will bring an end to his two-decade domination of jump racing after he rides at sandown a week today . the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion was then fifth on favourite shutthefrontdoor in last saturday 's grand national .
aaron cruden has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee . the 26-year-old waikato chiefs fly-half will be out for six months . leicester have announced the signing of australia back-three player peter betham from super 15 champions the waratahs .
saracens lost 13-9 to clermont in the european heartache on saturday . mark mccall watched his side battle in vain before losing the game . saracens ' millionaire chairman nigel wray spent much of last week repeating his belief the cap should be scrapped in order for sarries to compete at europe 's top table .
gloucester face edinburgh at the twickenham stoop on may 1 . jonny may was dropped from stuart lancaster 's england squad following his poor showing against italy in round two . the winger was overlooked for the last three rounds of the rbs 6 nations .
england had a good day on tuesday at the start of this second test . alastair cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack . cook is frustrated after dropping a catch off marlon samuel , who was on 32 and finished the day 94 not out .
ben stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second test as england strove to set up the victory that is essential to their wellbeing . first the durham all-rounder injured himself , then he struck immediately when he came on to bowl and finally became embroiled in a heated dispute with marlon samuels that led to him being admonished by umpire steve davis . all in a day 's work for a gifted cricketer
steven finn was overlooked for the west indies tour but has spent time since the world cup working on his run-up . finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place . ecb 's club open days on tuesday at brondesbury cricket club .
mohammad hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago in the first test against new zealand in abu dhabi . the 34-year-old was therefore unable to be selected to bowl in the world cup , but injured his calf anyway and was ruled out of the global tournament in australia .
devon smith misses the ball before being dismissed behind chris jordan . west indies openers had already seen one edge fall short of the slips off anderson who was challenging the bat more readily . smith is given out as england players celebrate their second wicket of this match .
sir bradley wiggins ' participation in the inaugural tour de yorkshire has been confirmed . the four-time olympic champion left team sky after paris-roubaix on april 12 . wiggins , the 2012 tour de france winner , was not selected in team sky 's 2014 squad for the race when it began in yorkshire .
kyrie irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as cleveland cavaliers beat boston celtics 113-100 on sunday . irving made five three-pointers and kevin love , another post-season rookie , had 19 points and 12 rebounds . cleveland are aiming to end a championship drought dating to 1964 .
graeme dott survived a series of twitches close to the winning line before clinching a 10-8 first-round victory over ricky walden on sunday . the 37-year-old , a qualifier this year , fears exhaustion will kill off his hopes of winning snooker 's betfred world championship .
west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 at selhurst park on saturday afternoon . james morrison opened the scoring for the baggies with a fine long ranged effort . craig gardner then headed the away side in front following a corner from team-mate chris brunt . morrison scored the second for tony pulis ' side after two minutes on the clock .
leighton baines is friends with rocker miles kane and arctic monkeys front-man alex turner . the england international has given his thoughts on six mainstream tracks which do n't feature on his own ipod . mark ronson and bruno mars ' uptown funk is regularly played in the toffees ' dressing room .
graziano pelle was given a yellow card by referee kevin friend in the first half for a clash with alex bruce . southampton doubled their lead against hull city at st mary 's . pelle scored his first premier league goal since december 20 , ending a drought of 1,245 minutes .
southampton target tonny vilhena wants to quit feyenoord this summer . ronald koeman made enquiries for the 20-year-old in january . saints are also monitoring his team-mate , the # 10m-rated midfielder jordy clasie .
stoke city beat southampton 2-1 at the britannia stadium on saturday afternoon . charlie adam scored a late winner to earn the visitors all three points at home to ronald koeman 's side . adam is joined by marko arnautovic who congratulates the scottish international on his goal .
franco di santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for werder bremen . the argentine has been in superb form for the bundesliga side this season . sunderland are considering a summer move for the 26-year-old . click here for more transfer news .
west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 at upton park on saturday . james morrison opened the scoring in the second half . craig gardner added a stunning 30-yard strike in the 30th minute . alan pardew 's side dominated the remainder of the game .
walter smith says stuart mccall 's impact at ibrox was given little chance of succeeding . mccoist was put on gardening leave just before christmas after taking over from reluctant caretaker kenny mcdowall . smith was chairman for some of that period after accepting green 's offer to join the board - a decision he soon regretted .
andres iniesta played a pivotal part in setting up neymar for the opening goal in the 2-0 second-leg win over psg on tuesday night . the spaniard is yet to score or create a goal for barcelona this season . iniesta is kept under close watch by the paris saint-germain defenders .
brendan rodgers was fined at blackburn magistrates ' court for leaving a # 69,950 terrace house in accrington , lancashire , with broken windows and rubbish strewn across the garden . both rodgers and judith o'hagan were convicted in their absence of failing to comply with a notice served on them by the council pursuant to s79 building act . the pair were ordered to pay a # 400 fine and # 375 costs , with a # 40 surcharge
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in their fa cup semi-final on sunday . jack grealish has been impressed with the 19-year-old at villa park . tim sherwood wants to focus on sherwood 's international future . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
per mertesacker will miss arsenal 's derby with chelsea on sunday . the defender limped off during the second half of the fa cup semi-final . there were fears of a serious injury for the 6ft 6in german after he twisted the joint but subsequent scans have shown it is a minor sprain .
clayton donaldson scored his 16th goal of the season as birmingham defeated reading 1-0 at wembley on wednesday night . goalkeeper adam federici , whose fumble led to alexis sanchez 's winning goal , was retained against birmingham . birmingham held firm and grabbed the winner seven minutes from the end .
tim sherwood will report to aston villa for pre-season training . the 22-year-old has enjoyed a successful loan spell at nottingham forest . gary gardner scored a superb free-kick against watford at the city ground . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .
aston villa face arsenal in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . brad guzan was said to be hurting after missing out on the victory over liverpool . tim sherwood has given sherwood plenty to consider as he looks to pick up the points required to stay in the top-flight .
aston villa have priortised swindon town midfielder massimo luongo . the 22-year-old midfielder was player of the tournament during australia 's successful asian cup in january . sherwood is already planning for next season 's premier league play-offs .
micky adams became the 42nd manager to be dismissed this season . forty sackings were recorded by the league managers ' association before the end of march . the trend is set to smash its previous record of 46 , set in 2006-07 . there have been 10 sackings in both league one and league two .
blackpool goalkeeper joe lewis was forced to wear an autographed shirt in last week 's championship match with reading . the club had no spares , midfielder andrea orlandi has revealed . the 27-year-old had to wear the shirt because blackpool had no kitman .
furious blackpool fans pelted the directors ' box and main reception area at bloomfield road with a flare , a smoke bomb , fireworks and eggs before their game with reading . the bottom-of-the-table seasiders ' relegation to league one was sealed by rotherham 's victory over brighton on monday . supporters vented their frustration prior to tuesday 's game . chairman karl oyston was the target of their criticism as supporters congregated in front of the west
lee clark admitted blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans after relegation into sky bet league one . disgruntled fans vented their anger at their chairman outside of bloomfield road before a 1-1 draw with reading . they repeatedly chanted for oyston to leave a club that became the first in the football league to be demoted following rotherham 's win over brighton on easter monday .
ronaldo says he would relish playing alongside cristiano ronaldo if he had the chance to play in the modern era . the 38-year-old ended his illustrious playing career in 2011 , however he has suggested he could play again for fort lauderdale strikers , a north american league side he now co-owns . the brazil icon admits a return to top level football is past him but would pick the current real madrid talisman to play alongside .
andres iniesta could miss saturday 's la liga clash with valencia . barcelona midfielder suffered a bruised pelvis in the 3-1 champions league win at paris st germain . iniesta had to be replaced by xavi eight minutes into the quarter-final first leg at the parc des princes .
benik afobe scores 31st goal of the season as wolves draw 1-1 with ipswich . richard stearman 's side remain well placed for the championship play-off hunt . afobe scored 19 goals on loan at mk dons before joining wolves in january for # 2million .
chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees , according to official figures . chelsea players protest a decision made by referee roger east during a home match with newcastle united . the table is compiled by football association fair play delegates who attend each match and give ratings out of seven .
warning by british transport police -lrb- btp -rrb- chief constable paul crowther came ahead of a summit organised to determine the scale of the problem . five chelsea fans were caught on film directing racist abuse towards a black passenger in france . mr crowther said the impact on ordinary passengers is ` unacceptable ' .
aston villa face liverpool in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . tim sherwood was quizzed about his letter to charlie pye on friday . the villa youngster wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus . sherwood then reached down under the desk to reveal a twix multi-pack .
daniel sturridge faces a fight to be fit for liverpool 's fa cup semi-final against aston villa on sunday . the england striker failed to train again on thursday after being taken off at blackburn . liverpool still have two more sessions before they travel south .
raheem sterling scored liverpool 's opener in the first half at anfield . the 20-year-old then doubled the reds ' lead in the second half . newcastle united 's raheem allen was sent off for a second bookable offence . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
kevin pietersen was taken off as a precaution at the parks after being hit on the hand whilst fielding close-in during oxford 's second innings . the former england star is hoping to win back his test place with a return to red ball cricket for the first time in two years . surrey are playing the match against oxford , which does not have first class status , ahead of their championship opener against glamorgan next week .
gareth bale has come under fire from fans in his second season at real madrid . the welshman has been linked with english clubs including manchester united and chelsea . mark hughes believes bale should stay with los blancos . bale won the champions league in his first season at the bernabeu .
juventus face monaco in the champions league quarter-final second-leg . giorgio chiellini slipped on the turf against monaco on wednesday night . the italy international is shown a deserved yellow card . juve are on course to complete a historic treble this season .
jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the type of football which would attract arsenal , manchester united or city . sportsmail 's columnist insists the style of play atletico madrid showed against their neighbours real at the bernabeu would not impress the three barclays premier league giants .
richard eckersley is currently training with la liga side elche . the 26-year-old rejected the offer of a new contract from manchester united . however , he showed promise at mls side toronto fc on loan . eckerley is a free agent after leaving red bull arena .
emad sahabi suffered a gruesome broken ankle while playing for his club al orubah against al shoalah . the match came to halt on 19 minutes when the midfielder 's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees . it seemed innocuous as he tumbled over under pressure before his joint snapped and appeared to dislocate .
psv eindhoven beat heerenveen 4-1 in the dutch championship on saturday . luuk de jong scored two headed goals to put his side in control . dordrecht moved closer to relegation following a 3-0 loss at vitesse arnhem .
bayern munich beat hoffenheim 2-0 in the bundesliga on saturday . sebastian rode scored in the 38th minute and andreas beck added an own goal . the german champions opened a 13-point lead over second-placed vfl wolfsburg in the lineup .
a goalless second half had produced the odd burst of quality , but little intensity . philippe mexes thought he had scored an own goal , as did his keeper diego lopez , but it was ruled out . inter forward rodrigo palacio as both sides showed endeavour , but very little quality .
henrikh mkhitaryan , pierre-emerick aubameyang and shinji kagawa were on target as dortmund returned to winning ways . the win moved last season 's bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table and leaves them with a realistic chance of qualifying for europe .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . john terry 's challenge on radamel falcao came during the build-up . blues midfielder cesc fabregas collected the loose ball and released it to oscar before his back-heel sent it into the path of the oncoming hazard to slot home .
alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of reading goalkeeper adam federici . garath mccleary 's volley was deflected past goalkeeper wojciech szczesny . sami mokbel rated the players ' performances at wembley .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on sunday . branislav ivanovic opened the scoring for the blues in the 38th minute . marouane fellaini doubled united 's lead at the top of the standings . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
franz beckenbauer has accused bayern munich stars of playing as if they had taken ` sleeping pills ' in their midweek defeat by porto . the bundesliga champions conceded twice in the opening 10minutes before losing 3-1 to the portuguese side . der kaiser may be a brand ambassador for the club but he could n't hide his feelings after the game .
newcastle host swansea in the world cup semi-final on saturday . the magpies have lost their last six premier league games in a row . daryl janmaat has likened newcastle 's encounter to playing in the semi-finals at the weekend . newcastle sit seven points clear of the relegation zone with five games remaining .
the protest will take place outside stamford bridge at 3pm on saturday . the photo has been organised by the chelsea supporters trust and playfair qatar . there have been more than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in qatar as the country put the infrastructure in place to host the world cup .
prince ali bin al hussein has made a formal rotation of the world cup . he wants to see a tournament being hosted by several different nations . fifa has announced it will make a decision on the allocation of the tournament . prince ali is a current fifa vice-president from jordan .
nile ranger has not featured for blackpool since december . the former newcastle striker has been awol since returning to london . ranger says the club took the mick out of him by giving him such a low-paid contract that it left him wondering how he would fill his fridge with food .
frank knight , 67 , posted an apology on his facebook account last week . he said he had agreed to pay damages of # 20,000 to blackpool and the oyston family , who run the fylde coast club , over allegations he made on his social network account last year . supporters have been protesting against the oystons before matches and then not attending the games .
professor john warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours . he found that during the day the trees , which grow in tropical and mediterranean climates , flower with their ` female parts ' ready to be pollinated by bees . professor warren has written about the avocado in his book the nature of crops .
london-based lawyer 's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since she tied the knot with george clooney in venice last september . from elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses and suit/skirt combos , the 37-year-old always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right .
the 11 minute-long video calls on supporters to attack the u.s. on its own soil , while claiming its citizens ' sense of safety is a ` mirage ' . it also forms a showcase of some of the militants ' bloodiest atrocities . the video 's subtitles claim america ` thinks it 's safe ' because of its geographical location .
eden hazard and harry kane set to contest pfa player of the year award . hazard has 29 goals in all competitions to date and forced his way into roy hodgson 's squad , scoring within 79 seconds of his england debut against lithuania last month . alexis sanchez , philippe coutinho and david de gea also on shortlist .
harry kane and eden harzard have been nominated for the pfa player of the year award . the winners will be announced at the awards ceremony in london on april 26 . raheem sterling is liverpool 's leading goalscorer in the premier league this season .
porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in the champions league first leg on wednesday night . manuel neuer gave his side an early 1-0 advantage with just three minutes on the clock . the 31-year-old forward had no problem slotting the ball past porto striker jackson martinez to concede a third minute penalty .
alastair cook was able to set west indies a target of 438 in just over four sessions that would even surpass their own world record successful test chase . cook will be grateful for the athleticism of jordan and the off-spin of joe root for the wicket that means england remain firm favourites to secure today .
the 1985 world cup final was watched by 18.5 million viewers . steve davis was leading the final 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day . taylor pounced upon the error from davis to overturn the difference and lead 9-7 overnight .
mauricio pochettino insists aston villa manager tim sherwood will be shown respect on his return to white hart lane . sherwood was shown the door by tottenham chairman daniel levy on saturday afternoon . spurs occupy sixth place in the premier league , seven points off the champions league qualification places .
tottenham hotspur host aston villa at white hart lane -lrb- this weekend -rrb- . kyle walker and hugo lloris absent for tottenham , while jan vertonghen is a doubt for this weekend 's match . tim sherwood again set to be without a key trio since being sacked last summer .
sportsmail brings you the latest team news and stats ahead of the premier league weekend . swansea city host everton at the hawthorns -lrb- 12.45 pm -rrb- . tottenham hotspur vs leicester city vs west bromwich albion vs stoke city . west ham united vs manchester united vs newcastle united .
tottenham chairman daniel levy tried to persuade tim sherwood to stay on at the club after sacking him from the head coach role . levy sacked sherwood last may to bring in mauricio pochettino . sherwood will return to white hart lane for the first time on saturday .
john goodwin , 75 , went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault . prosecutors said that atkinson , who pleaded not guilty , repeatedly sexually assaulted a student , who is now 24 years old . the former student testified he did n't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed , according to wmur .
five to ten bodies from usf 's after life body donation program would be buried or placed on two acres of the walter c. heinrich practical training center in lithia is a 230-acre plot of land bordered by a landfill and county property . other areas in the training center are used to teach deputies how to safely drive during chases , shoot a gun and subdue airplane hostage takers .
melissa plancarte , whose stage name is melissa : cartel princess , was filmed doing her midnight flit in the michoacan state courthouse for her pop video ` since you left ' . seen by half a million fans , the clip shows glamorous pop star - one of mexico 's most beautiful women , dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase . supreme court president juan antonio magaña blasted : ` it 's not possible to hire out these
jiang min says she has now run out of cash and ca n't even afford food . her hands are severely deformed and doctors have recommended corrective surgery . her father left the family home in lao jun tang village in shandong province at the start of the year - telling them he was heading to binzhou city to find work .
britt mchenry was filmed attacking tow clerk gina michelle at a towing firm in virginia on april 6 . her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant where she left it overnight on easter weekend . despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend .
the 21-year-old became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming ' i do n't like mens no more - i like women , women ! ' . after a pastor at an evangelical megachurch claimed to have cured his homosexuality . caldwell says he was attacked by an employee at a froyo in delmar on wednesday after the cashier recognized him .
pablo mandado and ilze zebolde are off to a flying start as they approach their first year of their odyssey on the road . in 356 days so far they 've covered almost 7,000 miles -lrb- 11,131.92 km -rrb- and been through 16 countries . they keep costs down by relying on free accommodation , along with not needing a budget for transport .
the shallow water in apo island , negros oriental , philippines , is a feeding ground for sea turtles , so spottings are n't uncommon . traveller diovani de jesus posted the hilarious photo on earth day as a reminder that we can all co-exist .
david rush , 33 , from lisburn , northern ireland , used to weigh 34st . at his heaviest , he weighed 34st and was forced to order specialist xxxxxl clothes on the internet - the result of topping up his takeaway-heavy diet with six bags of crisps and two bottles of full-fat coca-cola a day .
stan cole , an iraq and afghanistan veteran , captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in loraine , texas . he took the footage with his friend ricky bailey while the two were out in a tractor on wednesday evening . landspouts - the scientific term for tornadoes which are not part of a thunderstorm - can be difficult to capture on film .
the video , which has been viewed almost 600,000 times , features new parents sharing their tips . called extra storage space , it blends practical advice with the odd tear-jerking moment . viewers are encouraged to not switch off until having watched the final piece of advice , to enjoy the burst of love that follows the birth .
lewis hamilton remains the richest sportsman in britain with a fortune of # 88million . but wayne rooney has overtaken jenson button to be in second place . hamilton has his sights on retaining his world championship title after winning three of the first four races of the season .
liverpool striker daniel sturridge is in danger of falling down the pecking order due to his poor injury record . the 47-year-old has played just 12 league games for liverpool this season . brendan rodgers is searching for a proven attacker who can `` play every week '' .
louis van gaal expects ryan giggs to succeed him as manchester united manager when he leaves the club . giggs had a spell in temporary charge of the 20-time english champions following the dismissal of david moyes last season . the welshman made a record 963 appearances for united .
england go into the last day here just as they did in antigua . marlon samuels had the chance to renew his feud with ben stokes . the pair buried the hatchet on a day the west indies dominated . root has a test average of 110.1 in the last year .
adam johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming . sunderland announced on friday that johnson will remain available for selection and he is set to feature at stoke . johnson could face up to 14 years in prison if found guilty .
manchester united have offered goalkeeper david de gea # 200,000-a-week . the 24-year-old will join real madrid on a free transfer when his contract runs out next summer . there has been no breakthrough in negotiations with louis van gaal . united would demand # 30m if real try to sign him this summer .
manchester united have identified borussia dortmund midfielder ilkay gundogan as the leading contender to fill michael carrick 's midfield role . reports emanating from germany on friday indicated a deal is now close . united will seek to sign carrick this summer as part of another huge spending frenzy .
wladimir klitschko faces up to bryant jennings on friday in new york . the ukrainian superstar will make his return to us soil for the first time in seven years when he takes on the slick philadelphian at the iconic madison square garden . the 39-year-old has been reminiscing about how it all started for him when he won olympic gold in atlanta in 1996 , instantly catapulting him into a hero
the 20-time champion jockey has been booked for mr mole in the grade one ap mccoy celebration chase at 3.15 . his last ever mount will be box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle which has drawn a 20-runner line-up . the race which was scheduled to be the last on the card has been moved forward to 4.25 and channel 4 will extend their broadcast .
red mazda had careered off the road up someone 's drive and crashed straight into the front door of the home in crossgates , leeds . it hit the property with such force the car became stuck in the wall but incredibly no-one was injured in the crash . police said the occupants of the house had a lucky escape and only suffered minor injuries in the accident .
the study of 1,302 german couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day , which almost doubled to 3.9 hours when they retired . but they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home female partners when it comes to sharing the burden , according to the study .
shaun andrew mckerry , dubbed boomerang boy or homing pigeon boy in his youth , burst into shildon post office and stores at 8pm on march 15 . the masked 31-year-old waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant andrea brighty . as the men wrestled , mr dhillon 's wife sam helped , hitting him twice with a baseball bat to make him drop the weapon . minutes later the police arrived and arrested mck
jesse o'brien was taken by his mother heidi , 37 , to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness . the footage of jesse taking nine out of his daily dose of 45 pills has had more than one million hits in just a week .
football school is known as the spiritual home of the game , with the world cup trophy named the webb ellis cup . today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport , alongside its own rich history of ` muscular christianity ' led by dr thomas arnold .
patrick vieira 's manchester city elite development squad saw their barclays under 21s lose to west ham united on friday . a dan potts header and adam drury 's own goal gave west ham a two-goal lead before olivier ntcham pulled back a goal for city . the hammers will be looking to overturn a 3-1 deficit at stamford bridge .
arsene wenger and jose mourinho have over a decade of history in the premier league . chelsea face monaco at the emirates on sunday afternoon . wenger has scored 13 times for the blues against arsenal , averaging a goal every 87 minutes . the frenchman is not afraid to hit where it hurts .
eden hazard joined chelsea for # 32million in 2012 . the belgium star has scored 18 and assisted 10 goals in only 43 starts . wenger believes the gong will be a shootout between hazard and alexis sanchez . hazard is the frontrunner to be named player of the season .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 in la liga on wednesday night . manuel pellegrini chose isco when he left malaga two years ago . isco still harbours some regrets over the decision to not follow the manager who really gave him his big chance .
tottenham are ready to grant emmanuel adebayor a free transfer . the striker could be allowed to leave the club on a free in the summer . tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the 31-year-old . the club 's chairman daniel levy will subsidies the striker 's wages .
arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . francis coquelin has made 23 appearances for the gunners this season . the 23-year-old is looking forward to his duel with nemanja matic . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
jose mourinho was visibly surprised by a question he was asked at his chelsea press conference on friday . the portuguese coach praised the ` top question ' before composing himself and giving an equally ambiguous answer . he eventually regained composure before marvellously disguising his opinion in a deliberately transparent manner .
mark selby fell victim to the crucible curse and a rookie scot with pots of class as anthony mcgill pulled off a monumental betfred world championship shock . the defending champion never appearing overawed by the match or the gradual position of control he developed over the course of friday . this is the 24-year-old , who has been quietly earmarked for greatness by those who know him best .
pep guardiola is to return to the nou camp for the first time since leaving in 2012 . real madrid face juventus in the champions league semi-final on may 5/6 . the draw was made at uefa 's headquarters in nyon , switzerland on friday .
pep guardiola will be reintroduced to barcelona in the champions league semi-finals next month . the bayern munich coach must think of a way to stop lionel messi . guardiola nurtured messi into the best player in the world while manager at the nou camp .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena . in this , the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i recall when a hard man could take no more ... the no mas fight .
ticket sale , seats for floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's face-off on may 1 , 24 hours before their mega-bout sold out within a minute . tickets for the pair 's mega-fight in las vegas went on sale from the mgm property box offices on friday at 3pm .
napoli and fiorentina were kept apart in the semi-final draw . rafa benitez 's napoli will play dnipropetrovsk of ukraine in the final . the europa league semi-finals will take place on may 7 and 14 .
joe root impressed with the bat on day four of the second test . yorkshire county cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves after being denied the chance of hitting a double century in grenada . root then slapped his bat on the ground to show his anger towards england team-mate jason holder .
sam burgess starred for bath as mike ford 's men moved within one point of aviva premiership leaders northampton . burgess claimed the man-of-the-match award and was among the try-scorers along with leroy houston , jonathan joseph , matt banahan and semesa rokoduguni .
joe root admitted pitches like the one in grenada make it easier to make centuries and harder to win games . west indies batted themselves into a position of relative comfort on day four of the second test . root was in superb touch on his way to 182 not out in the morning session , his second highest score and the fourth of his six hundreds to pass the 150 mark .
joe root became the second-youngest england batsman to reach 2,000 test runs . root reached the milestone aged 24 years , 115 days quicker than alastair cook . root did get there in fewer innings than india great sachin tendulkar . stuart broad continues to search for a run in this test series .
jurgen klopp has announced he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . manchester city are on the lookout for a new manager following their lacklustre campaign while brendan rodgers is under pressure at liverpool . klopp did not want to comment on whether he 'll be heading for england next term .
liverpool signed belgium striker jordon ibe from liverpool in a # 10million deal . divock origi referenced the progress of raheem sterling as an example of youth players improving at the club . origi believes the backing of liverpool 's supporters will help him elevate his game .
alex song believes cameroon goalkeeper carlos kameni could have played at one of the top teams in the premier league . song has played for arsenal as well as representing cameroon at international level . song believes rigobert song is a similar character like puyol . the #one2eleven has picked a mixture of talent in his squad .
paula radcliffe will be radcliffe 's final competitive marathon of her career . she pulled out of the athens 2004 marathon at 22 miles and sobbed at the side of the curtain . radcliffe has battled with an injury to her left foot , which made it difficult for her even to walk short distances two months ago .
watford can be promoted if they win and one of bournemouth or middlesbrough lose and norwich fail to win . steve mcclaren will be desperate to manage in the premier league again . ipswich -lrb- home to nottingham forest -rrb- will make sure of a play-off place . preston will be relegated if they lose to swindon and swindindon .
usain bolt says tyson gay 's reduced ban is ` the stupidest thing i 've ever heard ' . gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities , and is now set to compete against bolt after returning to the sport . bolt said he used to respect gay as a competitor , but is no longer looking forward to racing against him .
pepe guardiola 's bayern munich face real madrid in the champions league . bayern have an excellent champions league pedigree . guardiola won this competition twice at barcelona and a squad that has retained its best players since beating borussia dortmund in the final at wembley two years ago .
cesc fabregas will be making his first return to the emirates since leaving barcelona in 2011 . the 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north london this weekend . the prodigal son joined arsenal as a teenager before returning to the premier league with chelsea .
michael cheika is aware his pack is being written off for the world cup . england 's pack demolished australia at scrum-time during last november 's 26-17 victory at twickenham . cheika repeatedly name-checked a certain knight of the realm and columnist of this newspaper .
southampton host tottenham at st mary 's on saturday -lrb- 3pm kick-off -rrb- . steven davis says southampton have an advantage over spurs . former argentina defender last season led saints to their best ever premier league points tally during a memorable campaign .
rotherham were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player . farrend rawson played in the 1-0 win against brighton on easter monday . the football league maintain the paperwork for his extension was n't handled properly . rotherham have until may 1 to appeal the decision .
newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone . michael owen captained the newcastle side which was relegated to the championship in 2009 . john carver is not happy with recent criticism aimed at his struggling side . carver says he does n't listen to those who have never tried management .
wayne rooney was spotted filling up his # 100,000 overfinch range rover . the england captain was disappointed with his side 's loss to chelsea . the 29-year-old thought his side deserved to get something from the game . rooney said : ` all that was missing was the goal ' .
jose mourinho planned for kurt zouma to manchester united 's marouane fellaini with teenager ruben loftus-cheek playing the 6ft 4in midfielder in training . but he feared his tactical master plan was set to be for nothing . chelsea boss relaying his conversation with the doorman .
patrick bamford has been named championship player of the year . middlesbrough striker beat competition from ipswich town 's daryl murphy and watford 's troy deeney to claim the overall sky bet championship . the 21-year-old has been on loan at the riverside stadium from chelsea .
ryan giggs , paul scholes , gary neville , nicky butt and andrew cole went out for dinner just hours after their former side 's 1-0 defeat by chelsea . ex-manchester united striker cole took to twitter to reveal he was in ` great company ' with ` great team-mates ' on saturday night .
manchester united target memphis depay looks set to leave psv eindhoven . the 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season . technical director marcel brands has reiterated that depay is likely to leave but must ` make the choice ' over his next destination .
tim howard joined everton in the community 's powered wheelchair football team for a training session at croxteth sports centre last week . the toffees goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair and joined in with some shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal for a short game .
floyd mayweather adds a 2016 mercedes-maybach s600 to his fleet of sports cars . mayweather posted a video via his instagram page showing off the latest member of his sports car collection . the american takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .
jack grealish took to twitter shortly after arriving at wembley . the 19-year-old thanked supporters for sending in messages ahead of liverpool 's fa cup semi-final clash with liverpool . aston villa goalkeeper brad guzan also revealed the contents of his message ahead of the match .
thiago silva will miss paris saint-germain 's game at nice on saturday . the france international is recuperating at home from a thigh injury . zlatan ibrahimovic , marco verratti and thiago motta all join silva on the sidelines for the trip to the mediterranean coast .
eugenie bouchard is playing in the fed cup world group play-off against romania this weekend . canadian star faces world no 66 alexandra dulgheru in her first contest . but the 21-year-old refused to shake hands with her fed cup opponent .
javier hernandez scores the only goal of the two legs in the champions league quarter-final between real madrid and atletico madrid . the mexican was sent off by german referee felix brych in the 76th minute as atletico were forced to play with 10 men . the second yellow card was shown to turan for his actions .
juventus face bayern munich , barcelona and real madrid in the champions league semi-final first leg on june 6 . juventus have kept nine clean sheets in their last ten fixtures . massimiliano allegri has returned this great club to the elite level . there were scenes of elation as a scoreless draw saw juventus through to their first champions league final since 2003 .
rudy gestede , scorer of a hat-trick against nottingham forest here on saturday , took his tally for the season to 20 in the 78th minute . craig conway 's cross found its way to him on the edge of the six-yard box after the keeper had gone forward in the search for an equaliser . blackburn have two tough games remaining against promotion-chasing derby and wolves .
floyd mayweather has earned more than $ 400million in his career . the boxer has bought over 100 cars over the last 18 years . here , sportsmail looks at his vast collection of super cars , private jets and jewellery . mayweather 's love of cars is legendary and has such an expensive collection he recently referred to two of his bugatti 's as ` cheap ' .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2 . tickets for the richest bout in boxing history began appearing on the secondary market with one ticket going for a cool $ 128,705 -lrb- # 85,508 -rrb- on stubhub . less than a minute after 8pm , the ticketmaster website announces that no tickets are available .
memphis depay had a secret meeting with manchester united on wednesday . united are leading the hunt for the psv eindhoven winger . depay , 21 , jetted to england with representatives including his agent kees ploegsma for a summit with a united delegation led by louis van gaal .
dietmar hamann thinks bastian schweinsteiger should leave bayern munich . the world cup winner was an unused substitute in bayern 's 6-1 champions league win over porto on tuesday . former germany international hamann also thinks franck ribery would fit seamlessly back into the side when fit .
barcelona will play bayern munich in the champions league semi-finals . pep guardiola will return to the nou camp after four trophy-filled years at barcelona , winning the european cup or champions league 21 times . real madrid will face juventus , with the return matches on may 5-6 .
javier hernandez will leave real madrid at the end of the season . the mexican is wanted by a host of premier league clubs . lazio , valencia , dinamo moscow , newcastle , west ham and southampton are also interested in the 26-year-old .
ashley young is known for being the resident dj at the red devils . he admitted to being under strict orders from louis van gaal to play only house and funky house music . young met the popular singer-songwriter after training to star as a guest on mutv show thursday focus .
patrick bamford , joe garner and danny mayor were crowned division 's player of the year on sunday . ipswich town 's daryl murphy was second in the voting ahead of troy deeney . callum wilson in fourth is the first of three bournemouth players with midfielders grant leadbitter and lee tomlin in the top 10 .
lionel messi , luis suarez and neymar are just seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season . the three amigos will match the total scored by thierry henry , samuel eto'o and messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals . messi has 46 , while suarez 28 and suarez 19 despite missing the first three months through suspension .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the scale of expectation and outside influences . where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the scale of expectation and outside influences . where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . in this , the third in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i look back on one of the most anticipated events of the 20th century . joe frazier v muhammad ali had been banned from boxing for three-and-a-half years for refusing induction into the us military to fight in vietnam . smokin ' joe
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . the fight was billed as a political war between an america struggling to emerge from the great depression and a germany provoking armed conflict in europe by annexing austria . yet such was schmeling 's distaste for being exploited by adolf hitler 's propaganda machine and his loyal refusal to travel to new york to support him in case he
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in boxing 's history will depend upon what happens coming night in the mgm grand garden arena . jack johnson , the first black world heavyweight champion , was the bane of the white supremacists in america in the early 1900s .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history . here , sportsmail takes a look at the two men 's achievements , in and out of the ring ahead of their $ 300m mega-fight on may 2 .
qpr boss chris ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the premier league . ramsey insists he had more sleepless nights coaching tottenham last season and joking about the difference between lidl and waitrose . it will be the same at newcastle , aston villa , leicester , sunderland and hull .
chelsea take on arsenal at the emirates on sunday in the premier league . jose mourinho 's side were put through their paces at their cobham training headquarters just a couple of days before a london derby against arsenal . didier drogba has an excellent record against arsenal and could start up front for the gunners . cesc fabregas will make his first return to the club but another of chelsea 's summer signings diego costa is
inverness defender josh meekings will be allowed to appear in the scottish cup final after his one-game suspension was dismissed . caley thistle challenged his suspension for denying celtic an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberate handball . it has emerged the highland club 's lawyers successfully argued that sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan had no right to bring the case .
arsenal face aston villa in the fa cup final on may 30 . the gunners won the competition in 1950 and 1971 . tim sherwood 's villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month . click here for all the latest arsenal news . read : arsenal vs liverpool team news , probable line ups and more .
steve bruce has revealed that hull players will have their salaries slashed by up to 50 per cent if they are relegated . the tigers are fourth-bottom of the premier league with one of the toughest run-ins facing them . bruce hopes mo diame will recover from a training knock to face crystal palace at the weekend .
raheem sterling insists he has not been affected by the criticism of his ongoing contract stand-off with liverpool . the england international has been abused even by his own fans . sterling was even heckled at the club 's recent kit launch . the 20-year-old is one of europe 's most sought after young players .
tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for marseille midfielder florian thauvin . the 22-year-old winger was the subject of enquiries from tottenham earlier in the year . chelsea and valencia have also watched the france under 21 international in action .
louis van gaal has spoken to marouane fellaini about keeping his cool . the midfielder returns to goodison park on sunday for the first time since his # 27million move from everton . the belgium international became a symbol for the failure of the moyes era .
bristol rovers lost their place in the football league for the first time since 1920 . darrell clarke was distraught at the end of last season but there could be tears of joy this time around . barnet are heavy favourites to take the one automatic spot by virtue of their lead and a vastly better goal difference going into their game against gateshead .
football equality campaigners kick it out have warned hartlepool supporters over a bob marley-themed fancy-dress day planned for their league two trip to carlisle . officials from the anti-racism body say they have acted on complaints from some fans and urged the club to refuse entry to any fans who might decide to ` black up ' for the occasion . kick it is out have urged carl united of our own stance .
chelsea are set to follow tottenham 's lead and take part in a post-season friendly down under in june . jose mourinho 's side could face sydney at the anz stadium on june 2 . the blues are expected to arrive in australia as top-flight champions .
napoli face dnipro in the europa league semi-final on tuesday night . rafa benitez has reached his seventh major european semi in only 12 seasons . napoli are the fourth club he has taken to the latter stages of a competition , following spells with valencia , liverpool and chelsea .
manchester city are rivalling manchester united and arsenal for valenciennes defender dayot upamecano . the 16-year-old almost joined united in the january transfer window only for him to opt to stay in france for a few more months . monaco , inter milan and paris st germain had also expressed interest .
javier hernandez is on loan at real madrid from manchester united . the 26-year-old scored the winner in the champions league quarter-final against atletico madrid on wednesday . the mexican does not feature in louis van gaal 's plans .
the mlb witnessed scenes more suited to the ice-hockey rink or grid-iron field on thursday night . in the seventh innings of a game between the kansas city royals and rivals chicago white sox both sets of players became embroiled in a mass brawl . umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at chicago 's us cellular field in illinois .
warrington wolves defeated leeds eagles 29-10 in the super league . kevin sinfield was on the losing side on his debut for the rhinos at headingley in 1997 . the wolves were already trailing 20-4 when the former england skipper entered the action five minutes into the second half .
wladimir klitschko faces bryant jennings in new york on saturday night . fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion . the reigning heavyweight champion hopes to lure him to england in the autumn . fury believes he is the man to beat him in england .
quade cooper played against england in the autumn internationals . the queensland reds fly-half is the latest australia international to move abroad . toulon are chasing an unprecedented hat-trick of european titles . bernard foley is favourite to wear the wallabies number 10 shirt .
hudson swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the zurich classic lead with boo weekley when second-round play was suspended friday because of the threat of severe weather . weekley , the first-round leader after a 64 , also was 11 under with three holes left . jason day , ranked sixth in the world , was 5 under for the round through 14 holes , pulling him into a five-way tie for third at 10 under with brandon
sydney-bound joe burgess scored his first super league hat-trick as wigan secured their first away win of the season . burgess , who is joining sydney roosters at the end of the year , scored three of the warriors ' seven tries in a 40-22 victory . it was a third consecutive win for shaun wane 's men and a fifth from their last six matches .
all fixtures in the premier league and football league will observe a minute 's silence for the 56 supporters who died in the bradford city fire disaster . the inferno ripped through valley parade 's main stand on may 11 , 1985 during the first half of a game against lincoln city , before which the title was given . the top four tiers of the game will remember them this weekend .
florent malouda has picked his #one2eleven stars he played alongside throughout his career on sky sports ' fantasy football club . the winger chose players from chelsea , guingamp and the france national team . cech is the man for the big occasions and the big games .
juventus beat ac milan 0-0 in the champions league final in monaco . andriy shevchenko scored the winning penalty to condemn juventus to defeat . juve are back among the continent 's elite after a long journey . the 12-year gap between now and that night has been one of twists and turns .
yaya toure may leave manchester city this summer but his legacy should be a positive one . toure has struggled to impose himself upon games for city in the manner seen in previous seasons . the ivorian 's time at city is defined as a success , bringing two premier league titles to the etihad .
david pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for australian super rugby team , the brumbies , who were on their way to a win against the highlanders on friday night . flanker miranda devine has apologised after calling a rugby player a ` tosser ' for celebrating a try using sign language . ms devine tweeted : ` did poclet actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try ?!!! what a tosser ! ' .
sally gordon-smith , 14 , was last seen leaving her school in keilor east around 3pm on friday afternoon . she was described by police as caucasian , 150cm tall , with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair . her family and police have appealed for anyone who has seen her to immediately contact them .
a woman known only as missiesmile21 has taped posters to the city 's light posts . the ` love call ' notes are posted at traffic lights on sydney 's george street . most people gave up on their umbrellas in winds of more than 100 km / hr .
as many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches . these range from bruises and sprains to fractures , torn ligaments and at worst , concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord . government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to curb rising levels of obesity .
researchers from cnrs-gate in lyon and the university of california analysed the behaviour of both sexes when the study participants were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team . results suggest than men have a dimmer view of their colleagues ' ability than women and were therefore more keen on competing to be rewarded for their own work .
apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone . the forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming apple watch sport edition , which is reportedly used in competition bicycles . the metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by apple to make it lighter .
the venus x has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory . some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body 's flight or fight response , causing adrenaline to surge through gamers ' bodies and prepare the body for physical activity .
french free diver jumped into dean 's blue hole in the bahamas . the hole is 660ft -lrb- 200 metres -rrb- deep , although he does n't go to the bottom . free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes . the video was filmed in 2010 by the frenchman 's girlfriend and fellow freediver julie gautier .
an analogue promotional watch from apple with a blue bezel , rubber strap and colourful hands is on sale via ebay . it is listed on the internet auction site with a ` buy it now ' price of $ 2,499.99 -lrb- # 1,707.47 -rrb- plus postage . for the same price as the 1997 timepiece , apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest apple watch sport , which cost # 299 in the uk and still have some
on tuesday , spacex came incredibly close to landing its falcon 9 rocket booster on a barge in the middle of the atlantic . now , leaked footage reveals just how close elon musk 's firm came to success , with a close-up view of the daring attempt shot on a gopro camera . a deleted tweet by musk says that the rocket appeared to be suffering from ` stiction in the biprop throttle valve , resulting in control system phase lag ' .
didier drogba joined chelsea from shanghai shenhua in 2012 . the ivorian striker has scored 15 goals in 15 games for the blues . drogsea face jose mourinho 's side at the emirates on sunday . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
video developed by italy 's university of udine 's hci lab . it is based on an actual event when , on january 15 , 2009 , u.s. airways flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water . following a series of bird strikes , both engines failed , and the airbus a320 piloted by captain chesley b. sullenberger was forced to land in the hudson river .
several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky over the town of west pittston in luzerne county on monday morning . residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead , and have complained to the federal aviation administration .
swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading . they can sell for as much as # 6,000 each -- far more than the # 28 fee that sweden 's government charges for new or renewed travel documents . britons have one of the most powerful passports in the world , allowing visa-free access to 174 countries .
mark zuckerberg opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role . he replied to a follower online : ` it will be pretty wild , ' adding ` just like we capture photos and videos today and then share them on the internet to let others experience them too ' . facebook also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed .
gabriel ng spent countless hours filming thailand 's picturesque coastline , religious sites and scenes of everyday life . the result is a six-minute video containing breathtaking sights that make it clear why thailand is a favourite destination for tourists . using a drone that retails from # 500 , gabriel 's high definition video shows the sun peeking over mountaintops , fishing boats on the calm sea and waterfalls .
zach birnie stands at the top of a mountain with a friend and films surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet . after exhaling air , he begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner . suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera , a minor avalanche occurs behind him .
the lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in new york , rio de janeiro , rome , stockholm and paris . the chosen candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer . the trip will last for six weeks and take place during june and july .
england 's withdrawal from the historic victory shield for under 16s has further worsened relations between the fa and the other home nations . officials in scotland , wales and northern ireland were unhappy to find out about the fa ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman greg dyke . this is seen as another example of fa ` arrogance ' following the english telling fifa they want to send great britain football teams to the rio olympics without
adam johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on thursday . the 27-year-old midfielder remains available for selection with the club reviewing the situation . sunderland face stoke city at the britannia stadium on saturday .
sergio ramos was the first man carlo ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of real madrid 's champions league win over atletico madrid on wednesday night . ramos is one of those players for whom the old liverpool song about jamie carragher ` we all dream of a team of carraghers ' would be appropriate . he could play in every single position on the pitch . the two kept it between themselves and it worked on the night .
iker casillas has been at the bernabeu since breaking into the team as a 16-year-old . the spain international has been linked with a summer return to his homeland . casillas claims he will stay and fight for the no 1 jersey he went on to make his own .
eden hazard was being filmed as part of rio ferdinand 's ' 5 ' magazine . belgian star left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork as he handed out a lesson in ball control . hazard will be a key man for jose mourinho 's side as they travel to the emirates stadium on sunday .
a survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed that the biggest cv blunder is a spelling or grammar mistake . 87 per cent of the 600 employers admitting that they find it annoying . other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information -lrb- wrong contact names and companies -rrb- and also if key information such as contact details are missing .
real housewives of orange county star katie said there was no ` big fight or blow up ' which caused their marriage to end . hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse . the filing comes after his self-reported relapse and just months after they celebrated 10 years together .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao go head-to-head in las vegas on saturday , may 2 . twizzlers are one of his favourite meals and he does n't like ketchup or mustard on hot dogs but uses bbq sauce . the movie troy with brad pitt is one he likes to watch over and over again .
the rspca says the husky has an injury to his right rear leg , possibly the result of being hit by a car . he is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange , which has sparked secondary skin infections . he was picked up on monday in adelaide 's north-eastern suburbs .
fiona , 51 , said she knew the assailant had ` picked the wrong lady ' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her perth home on thursday night . she said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage . fiona was left with heavy purple bruising around her right eye .
audrey nethery , from kentucky , has diamond blackfan anemia -lrb- dba -rrb- , a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body 's ability to circulate oxygen . since audrey is unable to produce enough red blood cells , her parents told the mirror , she has faced a host of health issues in her short life . but the condition does n't stop audrey from dancing , which she does incredibly well to bruno mars ' chart
lewis hamilton is interviewed by three-time world champion sir jackie stewart after the bahrain grand prix . the 30-year-old drove in an era when a driver racing for five years had a two in three chance of dying . hamilton will quietly remove a hair of your lapel as he speaks to you .
mercedes boss toto wolff believes nico rosberg was back to his best in sunday 's bahrain grand prix . hamilton and ferrari star kimi raikkonen finished third and two behind hamilton . rosbery is already 27 points adrift of mercedes team-mate sebastian vettel .
mick schumacher made his official formula 4 pre-season test debut on wednesday . the 16-year-old , son of seven-time f1 world champion michael , drew huge media interest as he drove his van amersfoort car . the young protege began karting seven years ago , and this year reached the german formula 4 - a racing category used as a stepping stone by junior drivers .
a 66-year-old man has been charged with a ` breach of the peace ' . the man reportedly set an australian flag on fire at the shrine of remembrance in anzac square on friday afternoon . he was then taken into custody and charged with one count of public nuisance . tens of thousand are set to gather around the eternal flame of remembrance .
texas was hit with more than two inches of rain and tennis ball-sized hail stones in just 15 minutes over the weekend . more than 1000 homes lost power between houston and dallas on saturday night . the storm is expected to move up toward chicago in the next few days - while the north east enjoys balmy spring weather .
simon cowell was travelling to the cub 's location in his car in leatherhead , surrey . he notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position and that it has been stuck for 40 minutes . upon arrival , mr cowell gloves up and immediately begins tending to the fox .
schoolboy frankie franz watched barcelona star martin montoya pull off the staggering trick shot in a video recorded at the club 's ciutat esportiva training ground . the 23-year-old defender moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time .
shannon hayes , 12 , believes one of them has laid the smallest chicken egg in the world . after doing some research on the internet , she thinks its length of 1.8 cm -- smaller than a 5p coin -- shaves two millimetres off the previous title-holder . she keeps seven hens at her family home in capel iwan , carmarthenshire , but she is not sure which laid the tiny egg .
us-born jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball 's pyramid near lord howe island , in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand . the 39-year-old wing-suit pilot shared the moment he flew over what he 's described as an ` amazing and beautiful location ' on social media .
three surfers attempted to scale a huge wave at deadman 's point in manly , sydney . on tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres , according to the manly hydraulics laboratory . a staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in dungog , in the hunter region of new south wales , where three elderly people were found dead .
lewis hamilton and jenson button have been taking advantage of the current formula one break in different ways this week . hamilton won the bahrain grand prix on sunday , 30-year-old hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session on tuesday . button has been training for the marathon with his wife jessica michibata .
lewis hamilton won the bahrain grand prix on sunday . the british driver has won nine of the last 11 grands prix . hamilton already holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers ' standings . ferrari rival kimi raikkonen congratulated hamilton on his victory .
manchester united striker james wilson would take wayne rooney 's free-kick-taking ability if he could have one of his qualities . the 19-year-old said earlier this season that he was using his opportunity training with the first team to learn from the three experienced forwards . wilson has scored one premier league goal this season , against queens park rangers .
paul downton has left his role as ecb managing director following england 's shameful performance at world cup . downton does not mean some magic wand has been waved and all will be well . the system is broken and it desperately needs fixing if england are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket again .
stan collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated aston villa 's 3-3 premier league draw with qpr on tuesday night . the former villa striker was jumping up and down during the game like the most fanatical villa fan , celebrating the goals with the home supporters . talksport lead football pundit who revels in laying down the law on the radio .
luis suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting italy defender giorgio chiellini during the world cup in brazil . his wife sofia admits that he did n't believe that he had done anything but the television replays suggested otherwise and he then owned up .
adam johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl . johnson has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 -- the same day sunderland travel to arsenal . if found guilty , johnson faces a lengthy prison term .
adam johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl on march 2 . johnson has not been suspended by sunderland despite the charges . the black cats are one point above the premier league drop zone and travel to stoke on saturday .
adam johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 years old . the 27-year-old will appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20 . johnson was arrested on monday , 2nd march and was charged after he answered his police bail today .
eden hazard is favourite to pick up the pfa player of the year award . manchester united legend paul scholes believes the 24-year-old needs to be more ruthless to be compared with cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi . hazard scored 13 goals and made eight assists in 32 appearances for chelsea .
wladimir klitschko will match joe louis in boxing 's record books on saturday . the 39-year-old ukrainian boasts a 63-3-0 record heading into the bout against american bryant jennings . the challenger from philadelphia is 19-0 since taking up boxing six years ago .
wladimir klitschko faces bryant jennings on april 25 at new york 's madison square garden . the bout will place him within one successful defense of holmes but he would still need six additional wins to match louis ' record of 25 . rocky marciano , muhammad ali or mike tyson never enjoyed a title run as long as the native of ukraine and part-time hollywood , florida resident .
ap mccoy has been installed as one of three 7-2 co-favourites in the seven-runner line-up . paul nicholls-trained mr mole is bracketed with irish raider special tiara and nicky henderson 's sprinter sacre .
ap mccoy will jump his final fence this weekend when the legendary jockey bows out at sandown and to mark his retirement . we 've also got video footage of the man who has been champion jockey every year he 's been a professional . for a man that has won pretty much everything there is to win in his sport , there are a few key highlights .
chris gayle will be hoping to win royal challengers bangalore 's first-ever ipl crown this year . the 35-year-old is currently in india ahead of this year 's ipl tournament which starts on wednesday . gayle uploaded an instagram picture behind the dj decks .
manchester united striker wayne rooney has been interviews by little ant and dec for itv 's saturday night takeaway programme . the england captain enjoyed a kick-around with neil overend and hayden reid as they are better known for the entertainment show . rooney admitted in the interview that he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name when he is away from the football pitch .
david luiz was part of a duo who conspired to dunk zoumana camara 's face into his cake on his special day as psg prepare for their ligue 1 trip to marseille on sunday . camara , a fringe member of the squad this season , had an unexpected dip into the cake that left him with a faceful of it .
manny pacquiao traded hill runs and graft in the wild card boxing gym for a touch of hollywood glamour . the filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $ 300million superfight against floyd mayweather on may 2 to be interviewed at the show 's base at universal studios .
the ufc bantamweight champion appears in the latest movie in the franchise to be released on april 3 in the uk . rousey stepped out in a sleek black dress handmade by london designers house of cb and a pair of tania spinelli heels for the event at the tcl chinese theatre in hollywood .
diego maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game and guided argentina to world cup glory in 1986 . the 54-year-old has not worked since leaving united arab emirates club al-wasl in 2012 after testing positive for ephedrine .
branislav ivanovic could be targeted by bayern munich in the january transfer window . the serbia captain has yet to open talks over a new contract . psg are set to make a # 7million bid for chelsea goalkeeper petr cech in the summer .
inter milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent # 15million deal for manchester city misfit stevan jovetic . the 25-year-old striker is keen to return to italy after making just 39 appearances since his # 22million move from fiorentina in 2013 . city would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan deal for the montenegro international .
victor wanyama took to social media on thursday in a bid to dismiss rumours he was set to quit southampton for arsenal . the saints enforcer later followed those comments with a series of tweets saying : ` the newspaper does not say that i have spoken to wenger or anyone else from arsenal - and that 's the truth ' . the kenya international reportedly told the sun that he is open to a move that would see him playing champions league football next season .
javier hernandez scored against atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final and was hailed as the golden boy of real . real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the mexico striker . they agreed an option with manchester united last summer that would # 7.5 million of a final sum of around # 15million paid at the end of the season . despite his heroics , real want to place their money elsewhere .
crystal palace manager alan pardew admits he is disappointed to be linked with a raid on his former club for goalkeeper tim krul . the 53-year-old made the shock decision to leave newcastle for the south london club in january but maintains he is happy with current no 1 julian speroni .
radamel falcao has scored only four goals since arriving at manchester united from monaco . the 29-year-old is unlikely to remain at the club after scoring four goals and failing to force his way into louis van gaal 's starting xi . juventus have ruled out a move for the colombia striker .
paulo dybala has scored 13 league goals for palermo this season . the 21-year-old has also attracted interest from manchester united , arsenal , paris saint-germain and atletico madrid . reports in italy suggest juventus have offered # 23million for the striker .
gareth bale is determined to win over some of the hardest to please supporters in football and become the best player in the world . the welshman is injured and out of wednesday 's euroderby ii showdown with atletico madrid . real madrid have also privately declared their interest in making david de gea the long-term successor to iker casillas .
kevin de bruyne has attracted interest from manchester city , bayern munich and paris saint-germain . patrick de koster admits he could receive 20 phone calls a day about the belgium international . the 23-year-old could even remain at the volkswagen arena .
yaya toure has hinted he is open to leaving manchester city this summer . the argentine is wanted by his former manager roberto mancini . the 31-year-old has struggled to hit top form this season . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .
kurt zouma has revealed he has dreams of winning the ballon d'or . the chelsea defender joined the blues in january 2014 after making 73 appearances for ligue 1 outfit saint-etienne . he claims he has no regrets over leaving his native france so early in his career .
manchester united have made an official approach for memphis depay . louis van gaal is keen to make the 21-year-old one of his first signings this summer . depay was named in his 23-man world cup squad last year as holland finished third in brazil .
petr cech looks certain to leave stamford bridge at the end of the season . chelsea shot-stopper lost his no 1 spot to thibaut courtois . arsene wenger must make a swift decision on cech this summer . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
manchester city are preparing bids for raheem sterling , ross barkley and jay rodriguez as part of a summer anglification of their squad . the club are well aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level with the departure of frank lampard and uncertainty over james milner 's future exacerbating the problem . club bosses believe the young pair on merseyside , aged 20 and 21 , can not only make an impact at fist-team level but can inject
west ham are showing interest in crystal palace midfielder james mcarthur . the scotland international only joined palace last summer in a deal worth # 7million from wigan athletic . west ham have been impressed by his workmanlike performances . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .
alvaro morata was a target for arsenal a year ago but opted for a move to italy instead . real madrid have a buy-back option set at around # 15million but are unlikely to take that up . manchester city are keeping tabs on juventus striker paul pogba .
danny wilson has decided to leave hearts at the end of the season . the 23-year-old activated a clause in his contract at tynecastle . wilson initially joined hearts on loan from liverpool in january 2013 . celtic manager ronny deila has the former rangers player on a list of his summer targets .
juventus striker carlos tevez is yet to make a final decision on his future . the 31-year-old 's future was thrown into doubt when boca juniors president daniel angelici claimed he was ` close to bringing carlos home ' . tevez pulled off the ` chicken dance ' after scoring a crucial goal during boca 's 2-0 win over river plate in 2004 .
carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus . the 31-year-old has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer . boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the striker . tevez is on course to win a second serie a title with the old lady .
edinson cavani insisted he will be staying at paris saint-germain until his contract expires . manchester united have been considering a bid for the uruguayan striker . radamel falcao expected to return to monaco and robin van persie failing to hold down a starting place .
psv captain georginio wijnaldum has favourited a tweet linking him with a move to the premier league . the 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for psv this season . the holland international has been linked with manchester united , arsenal and newcastle .
oscar has been criticised by jose mourinho in recent weeks . juventus and liverpool want to strengthen in the summer . oscar cost chelsea # 19.35 m and they would want a substantial profit on the 23-year-old . paris saintt germain have shown interest in the midfielder .
carlos tevez has shocked juventus by saying he wants to leave this summer . the former manchester united , manchester city and west ham striker has always made clear that he hopes to finish his career at boca juniors . italian paper corriere della sera insist that the club will not stand in tevez 's way , and that they have simply asked him to give his all until june .
sheffield wednesday beat promotion-chasing brentford 1-0 on tuesday . the record has stood since 1978-79 in the days when jack charlton was manager . tom lees and keiren westwood are among the contenders for the club 's player of the year award .
patrick bamford scored in middlesbrough 's 2-1 fa cup win over wolves . the 21-year-old has scored 17 goals in their push for promotion . chelsea have opened talks over the possibility of tying him down to a new long-term deal at stamford bridge .
victor moses has returned to parent club chelsea for treatment . the 24-year-old damaged his hamstring in the 1-1 draw at west ham united . stoke are still keen to strike a permanent deal for the nigeria international . the potters have opened talks with ligue 1 side evian over the possible transfer of defender daniel wass .
chelsea will announce the # 4.5 million signing of brazilian wonderkid nathan on wednesday . nathan is seen as the next big thing in south american football . chelsea had hoped to tie up a deal after first spotting the player at the world under 17 championships two years ago .
swansea have made a contract offer to marseille striker andre ayew . the 25-year-old is out of contract in the summer and free to talk to foreign clubs . ayew scored for ghana against world champions germany and usa in last summer 's world cup , as well as scoring three during the africa cup of nations .
raheem sterling is stalling on a new # 100,000-per-week contract at arsenal . the 20-year-old 's tempestuous fortnight has not gone unnoticed by members of the emirates stadium hierarchy . arsene wenger has condemned the likes of jack wilshere and wojciech szczesny over smoking incidents .
gareth bale has been linked with a summer move to manchester united . real madrid legend zinedine zidane says the 25-year-old is not for sale . bale joined the santiago bernabeu outfit for a world record # 86million in 2013 .
manchester city have decided to listen to offers for yaya toure and samir nasri this summer . city manager manuel pellegrini is under intense scrutiny following sunday 's 4-2 defeat by manchester united . nasri has barely played since his lame showing in the champions league at barcelona .
christian fuchs is out of contract in the summer . swansea city have expressed an interest in signing the austria international . fuchs was outstanding in schalke 's 4-3 champions league win over real madrid last month . the 29-year-old is renowned for his set-piece ability and crossing .
nabil bentaleb 's new deal is likely to see his wages rocket to around # 35,000-per-week . tottenham want to improve his contract as a reward for his excellent progress over the past 18 months . clubs from across europe are monitoring the algeria international 's situation at white hart lane .
helal abbas , 55 , lost his bid to become the mayor of tower hamlets in east london days after the claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet . the race was won by lutfur rahman , 50 , a controversial figure who has been accused in a separate high court case of rigging his re-election victory last year .
a time lapse video , filmed from the platform between 11am and 11.45 am , shows storm water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney 's south . at one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo . about 80 sets of traffic lights are still out across the city , and a number of main roads remain closed due to flooding .
grace joy roseman died after she managed to manoeuvre herself over the edge of her crib and a ` safety ridge ' cut off the oxygen to her brain . west sussex coroner penelope schofield issued a report expressing concern over the bednest bedside cot , which was endorsed by the charity national children 's trust .
dapper laughs documented his journey to sydney via doha and melbourne . he joked about how women could n't resist him and despite his jibes being branded ` sexist ' his latest video shows he has n't changed tact . dapper laughs came under fire last year after telling a female audience member at one of his shows she was ` gagging for a rape ' .
footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the amber mountain national park on the northern edge of madagascar . it shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon . one of the chameleons twists in pain as the aggressor takes a huge bite out of him during their clash .
the man , 30 , opened fire in the queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired . when he turned around to do so again he was shot dead . officers say they did recover a weapon from the scene . the suspect was taken to a local hospital where they later died .
blackburn striker rudy gestede has revealed his desire to play in the premier league next season . the 26-year-old has scored 20 goals in the championship for gary bowyer 's side . the benin international has set his sights on a move away from the club - with swansea , crystal palace , hull and west brom all having showing an interest .
celtic manager ronny deila stressed he still had a positive view of officiating in this country despite the josh meekings handball debacle that helped kill his treble dream last weekend . deila has called for similar transparency as in his norwegian homeland , arguing that referees facing the media would help quell long-running furores and improve relationships .
mauricio pochettino is preparing for his first return to southampton . argentine will be given a hostile reception at st mary 's on saturday . saints fans are planning to show support for ronald koeman , his brother and assistant head coach erwin koeman and fitness coach jan kluitenberg .
alan pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost crystal palace 's profile . the eagles boss slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds ' price-tag on crystal palace winger yannick bolasie . pardew will be active in the transfer market come the end of the season .
inverness defender josh meekings was cleared to play in the scottish cup final against falkirk on may 30 . in the aftermath of the 3-2 extra-time win , he admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded . his admission preceded the player being cited by the sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan .
lorient climbed clear of the ligue 1 relegation zone with a 5-3 win at marseille as the home side 's slump continued at the stade velodrome . jordan ayew and francois bellugou scored in the second half to secure the win for the french side . yann jouffre 's free-kick saw ayew beat jeremy morel in the air and romain philippoteaux 's clever back heel into his path
ronald koeman has promised not to leave southampton this summer . barcelona and the likes of neymar are not of interest to the dutchman . koeman is unlikely to receive a particularly warm welcome at st mary 's . the former saints boss said : ` oh , you make it more difficult . no , i stay ' .
tottenham are considering a state-of-the-art stadium with a retractable pitch that enables them to become the home of a new nfl franchise . the bold design of the new # 400m stadium could involve a ` slide-out ' grass football pitch with an nfl-style synthetic surface housed underneath . the option of extra-large changing rooms , to accommodate nfl squad sizes that can amount to as many as 70 players at a game , is also being explored by architects . the
carl jenkinson says jack grealish should follow his heart when choosing ireland or england . the west ham defender has been an instant hit since breaking into the first team at the age of 18 . the 23-year-old is on loan from arsenal until the end of the season .
west ham announced a vast reduction in season ticket prices earlier this week . the hammers became the first premier league club to drop the price of their season tickets off the back of the premier league 's record three-year , # 5.13 bn television deal . allardyce feels this is a shrewd business decision by the club .
mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as southampton manager . the argentine was sacked by local hero nigel adkins in october . adkins had led southampton to back-to-back promotions into the premier league and was fighting valiantly to keep them in it . cortese increased intensity in training and in matches , continued their already excellent emphasis on youth and made some shrewd signings .
dallas cowboys defensive end greg hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games . the decision to ban hardy , who last played for the carolina panthers , followed a two-month nfl investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in february . hardy was informed in a letter by nfl commissioner roger goodell that the probe determined there was ` sufficient credible evidence that hardy engaged in conduct that violated nfl policies in multiple respects ' .
super bowl champions new england patriots will begin the 2015 season at home to the pittsburgh steelers on september 10 . the nfl released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on tuesday night and , as is tradition , the reigning champions will host the opening game of the season . week one also features a prime-time showdown between the new york giants and their nfc east rivals dallas cowboys .
aaron hernandez , 25 , was found guilty on wednesday of first-degree murder in the shooting death of odin lloyd , a 27-year-old landscaper and amateur weekend football player . the conviction sealed the downfall of an athlete who once had a $ 40million contract and a standout career ahead of him .
jimmy graham signed a deal with seattle which gives russell wilson a 6ft 7in target to aim at at him because he 's on my team . bennett labelled the tight end ` soft ' and ` overrated ' , not to mention adding that ` he did n't like him as a person or a player ' . seattle bounced back from 16-7 with just over two minutes remaining .
charles tillman has concluded his 12-year career with the chicago bears . the veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the carolina panthers . tillman was drafted in the second round from louisiana lafeyette in 2003 . he started 152 of 156 games , but finished the past two seasons on injured reserve after tearing his right triceps .
le'veon bell will appeal the nfl 's decision to ban him for the first three games of the new season . bell was stopped in his chevrolet camaro last august after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana . former steeler legarrette blount and a female passenger were also charged with marijuana possession .
stevan ridley played just six games as the patriots won their sixth straight afc east title and went on to win the super bowl . the 26-year-old has signed a one-year deal after suffering a tear to his right acl last season . he joins chris ivory and bilal powell at running back in a revamped jets offense , which features fellow free agent acquisitions brandon marshall and ryan fitzpatrick .
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a dallas-area nightclub on wednesday morning . during the latest incident , a shot was fired outside of club luxx and one of them had tried to punch him . the brothers were both questioned and an investigation is ongoing .
the 41-year-old was in the league 's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year . she 's already broken ground in the officiating field as the first female official on the fbs level and the first to officiate a bowl game , the 2009 little caesars pizza bowl in detroit .
lesean mccoy was shipped to the bills in exchange for linebacker kiko alonso and says kelly 's team has a college feel and that he does n't like star talent . ' i think he likes the fact that it 's `` chip kelly and the eagles '' , ' he told the philadephia enquirer . since arriving at rex ryan 's bills last month , he says he 's already at ease with his surroundings before launching another swipe
the minnesota vikings running back played once last season before being placed on the commissioner 's exempt list due to a child abuse case . the 30-year-old was due to be reinstated on april 15 , but according to nfl media insider ian rapoport , peterson will meet with the nfl this week . peterson 's situation is far from clear , with the 2012 mvp telling espn he was ` uneasy ' about returning to the franchise .
the 42-year-old mother-of-three from mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge . the baltimore sun 's aaron wilson broke the story , with the nfl refusing to confirm the appointment . thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season .
efe obada has been signed by the dallas cowboys despite playing just five games for the london warriors . the 22-year-old londoner will fly out to texas next month for rookie mini-camp . obada only started playing american football half way through last season and was mentored by warriors defensive co-ordinator aden durde .
the jacksonville jaguars are committed to playing one home game each year in london until 2015 . the winner will announce the draft picks live on sky sports in the uk and the nfl network in the united states . the first three rounds of this year 's draft will take place in chicago .
badou jack outpointed anthony dirrell on friday night at the uic pavilion in chicago , illinois . jack -lrb- 19-1-1 -rrb- received winning of 116-112 and 115-113 , and the third had it even at 114-114 . jack , the las vegas-based swede who fights under the banner of floyd mayweather jr. 's promotion company , connected with a big one-two combination in
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao must buy advance tickets . tickets will cost # 6.60 and will go on sale through mgm resorts call centre and box office on friday at 8pm . a mere 500 tickets were made available to the public for the clash between the two best fighters of their generation .
nicola adams forced to withdraw from english national championships . olympic gold medallist had been due to contest women 's 51kg flyweight division including prospective final showdown against lisa whiteside . former police officer won world silver medal last year in adams ' injury-enforced absence .
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . the bout is being billed as the fight of the century . joe calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome . mayweather has an impressive record , winning all of his previous 47 professional career fights , 26 by knockout .
luke rockhold beat lyoto machida by second-round submission in new jersey . rockhold wants a title shot and a shot at mma history in new york . the 36-year-old should be next in line for a pay-per-view title shot in the 185-pound division .
brazilian lyoto machida was wrapped in an electric blanket with the dial turned up to ` max ' . at the end of the video , the 36-year-old lifts up his sauna suit and empties a considerable volume of water on to the floor . machida later tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb .
luke rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to vitor belfort two years ago . the californian has a title shot in his sights . he knows exactly what it will take to beat machida . click here for all the latest boxing news with our live updates .
conor mcgregor is preparing for his world title fight against ufc featherweight champion jose aldo in july . the most famous boxer to make the move to mixed martial arts is former world champion james toney who fought randy couture in 2010 . mayweather is currently in training for his $ 300m mega-fight against manny pacquiao next month .
ufc women 's bantamweight champion ronda rousey wants to return to the wwe after her hit debut appearance with fast and furious co-star the rock at wrestlemania 31 . a huge wwe fan , ronda made her first in-ring performance on march 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in levi 's stadium in california and admits she caught the bug . ' i need to find a way -lrb- to return -rrb-
conor mcgregor has unveiled a new tattoo of a tiger on his stomach . the 26-year-old irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest and ` the notorious ' . aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against the irish fighter in las vegas .
jimi manuwa takes on jan blachowicz in the octagon tonight . the londoner suffered his first defeat to alexander gustafsson last year . the 29-year-old believes his ` aggression and killer instinct ' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds . click here for all the latest boxing news .
mirko filipovic faces gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday . cro crop lost to the brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at ufc 70 . he is confident he can avenge the defeat on home territory .
conor mcgregor grabbed jose aldo 's belt when they took their promotional tour to dublin last week . the irishman insists featherweight champion does n't want the title as much as he does . alexo makes the eighth defence of his belt against july 11 .
jeff novitzky will spearhead the development of the ufc 's new drug testing programme . he was also involved in the investigations into barry bonds , marion jones and justin gatlin . the organisation announced earlier this year that they will implement a new year-round , out-of-competition testing protocol .
chad mendes underlined his no 1 spot in ufc 's featherweight rankings with an explosive first-round technical knockout of former title contender ricardo lamas . the featherweight came out hard and fast , and quickly landed a right hand which inevitably led to lamas ' downfall . mendes piled on the pressure from the first bell despite lamas threatening him with a diverse array of striking techniques .
jose aldo and conor mcgregor may have taken the spotlight over the past two weeks when it comes to the ufc 's featherweight division . this weekend it 's time for two other top ranked 145ers to take centre stage , as no 1 ranked chad mendes and no 4 ranked ricardo lamas meet in fairfax . mendes ' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the brazilian king and lamas also dropped a decision to a
paula creamer first floated the idea on twitter following jordan spieth 's stunning victory at the masters on april 14 . in the lead up to this week 's swinging skirts lpga classic in northern california , creamer suggested a women 's event could be staged the week following the men 's showpiece in april .
justin rose finished second in the zurich classic of new orleans . the 34-year-old has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings . rose will play alongside two other players who performed well in the masters for the first two rounds , world number 13 rickie fowler finishing 12th and steve stricker 28th .
lindsey vonn spoke about her relationship with tiger woods on the late night with seth meyers . the 30-year-old has been dating woods since 2013 and the pair 's relationship has obviously grown stronger since vonn was pictured accompanying the former no 1 golfer 's children . vonn says daughter sam and son charlie are ` great kids ' and that woods is a ` great father ' .
bubba watson took to twitter on saturday to show fans a new trick he had been working on . the 36-year-old pulled off a baseball-style shot with a driver , striking the ball as it was dropped from a height . watson 's form has been poor in recent weeks after a disappointing masters and shenzen international .
sir nick faldo and tom watson will make their final open appearances in front of the largest arena in the championship 's 155-year history at st andrews . faldo has confirmed he will cross the famous swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course . watson lost a play-off at turnberry in 2009 at the age of 59 .
jim furyk defeated kevin kisner on the second play-off hole to win the rbc heritage title at hilton head and record a first pga tour victory since 2010 . furyk carded a superb final round eight-under-par 63 which included six birdies on his first nine holes to move ahead of overnight leader troy merritt whose three-shot lead evaporated with a 69 on sunday .
thailand 's kiradech aphibarnrat won his second european tour title in shenzhen on sunday . the 19-year-old produced a brilliant finish to claim his second title . he had been six shots clear of the field after 16 holes of the third round .
thailand 's kiradech aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to surge into the lead at the shenzhen international in china . the 25-year-old , whose sole european tour win to date came in the malaysian open in 2013 , then bogeyed the fifth but bounced back with another birdie on the seventh . chinese number one hao-tong li had earlier carded a flawless 65 to set the
troy merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at harbour town golf links and open up a four-shot lead at the top of the standings . the 21-year-old bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62 to sit six under in hilton head , south carolina .
carly booth took to instagram to show off her impressive bikini body . the 22-year-old is currently in mauritius for a photo shoot with golf punk magazine . booth posted a behind the scenes snap on instagram with the caption : ` thank you @golfpunk #golf . ' .
jordan spieth finished the first round of the rbc heritage on three over par . the 21-year-old has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since dominating in augusta to win by four shots from justin rose and phil mickelson . the masters champion finished well off the pace by carding a three-over-par 74 even as the conditions kept the scoring under control .
rory mcilroy 's foundation is hosting the dubai duty free irish open . former world number one luke donald and american ryder cup star patrick reed confirmed their participation in the event . kaymer and donald will compete for a prize fund of # 1.8 million .
china 's bubba watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit four shots off huang wen-yi 's lead at the shenzhen international . watson , who finished 38th at augusta national on sunday as the defence of his masters crown finished in disappointing fashion . the american 's 70 leaves him in joint 17th place .
spieth arrived at sea pines resort late tuesday night after a media whirlwind in new york since tying tiger woods ' masters record of 18-under 270 . the 21-year-old said it was a dizzying stretch with 26 appearances and interviews in 25 hours . spieth has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events .
rory mcilroy was filmed battling with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan during a game of circular soccer . the world no 1 defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown . the 25-year-old is an avid manchester united fan and dreamed of playing for the red devils as a child .
martina navratilova issued statements on friday to announce the parting . radwanska has struggled this season and was knocked out in the first round in stuttgart this week . the 2012 wimbledon runner-up won 18 grand slam singles titles as a player , and poland 's agnieszka .
angelique kerber of germany upset three-time defending champion maria sharapova 2-6 , 7-5 , 6-1 in the second round of the porsche grand prix on thursday . the top-seeded russian won four straight games to clinch the first set but she made some errors to drop the second set and faded in the third . madison brengle of the united states upset third seed petra kvitova 6-3 , 7
rafael nadal was beaten 6-4 , 7-6 by italian fabio fognini in the third round of the barcelona open . the world no 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the catalan clay court . nadal will now face pablo andujar in the quarter-finals .
agnieszka radwanska became the second high-profile exit at the porsche grand prix in stuttgart in as many days . italian clay specialist errani dumped out the polish seventh-seed 7-6 -lrb- 8/6 -rrb- 6-4 in a tense match on wednesday that lasted two hours and eight minutes . fifth seed ana ivanovic lost to caroline garcia for the third time this year .
rafael nadal beat nicolas almagro 6-3 6-1 at the barcelona open on wednesday . the world no 4 is seeking his ninth title on the catalan clay court . nadal is looking to rediscover his best form on the red dust ahead of the french open next month .
u.s. open champion marin cilic was eliminated in the second round of the barcelona open on wednesday . estrella broke cilic four times on the outdoor red clay , stealing his serve . santiago giraldo of colombia beat joao sousa of portugal 6-3 , 3-6 , 6-1 .
ana ivanovic was seen off 7-6 -lrb- 8/6 -rrb- 6-4 by france 's caroline garcia . the 2014 runner-up lost for the third time this year to caroline . other seeds made it through their first-round matches on tuesday .
ordinary british tennis fans face a wimbledon-type scramble for davis cup quarter-final tickets this summer . there will be a capacity of 7,000 for july 's match against france at london 's queen 's club . but well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in glasgow for last month 's first round .
kei nishikori beat teymuraz gabashvili 6-3 6-4 at the barcelona open . japan 's top seed emerged triumphant from the second-round encounter . seventh seed roberto bautista-agut defeated thomaz bellucci of brazil .
jose mourinho was given a tour of wimbledon by former british no 1 tim henman . the chelsea manager also described sw19 as ` more than a grand slam ' due to its traditions and aura . murray beat novak djokovic in the 2013 final to end britain 's hopes of winning the tournament .
andy murray and his davis cup colleagues have secured london 's queen 's club as the place where they will take on france in their quarter final . the venerable club in baron 's court will host britain 's biggest home tie in three decades from july 17-19 . tickets go on sale on may 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly with the likely capacity of the one court used being around 7,000 .
serena williams beat sara errani 4-6 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- 6-3 in the fed cup play-off on sunday . the us were relegated to world group ii after losing 3-2 to italy . the american won her 19th singles grand slam at the australian open .
rafael nadal beat rafa nadal on his beloved red clay in last week 's monte carlo masters semi-finals . the serbian world number one is looking to win a sixth consecutive french open and a tenth in total . nadal is the first man to win the season 's first three masters title .
novak djokovic beat tomas berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at the monte carlo open . the serbian became the first player to win the opening three atp world tour masters 1000 events when he defeated the czech in three sets . the 27-year-old serb did not drop a set on his 2015 clay-court debut this week .
ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method with kimi raikkonen to keep his desire to remain with the maranello marque high . hamilton yet to sign his new ferrari contract as he negotiates the finer details with mercedes . the finn has arguably never been happier during his formula one career .
jenson button was denied his 100th race for mclaren after an energy recovery system prevented him from making it to the start-line . button spent much of the race on twitter delivering his verdict as the action unfolded . rosberg accused hamilton of pulling off such a manoeuvre in china .
formula one supremo bernie ecclestone has given azerbaijan the all-clear ahead of its debut next season despite serious concerns over the country 's human rights record . human rights watch 's 2015 report on the former soviet republic stated there had been ' a dramatic deterioration in its already poor rights record ' particularly in its treatment of opponents of the political regime .
jenson button failed to start the bahrain grand prix in qualifying . the british driver was set to start from the back of the grid . but despite frantic work from his mclaren team to get his car ready in time for the race in sakhir , button was forced to watch from the sidelines .
jenson button made it a hat-trick in qualifying for the bahrain grand prix . the 35-year-old was given a lift back to the pits on a motorcycle by a marshal after his engine failure . racing director eric boullier insists the problems are ` unrelated ' .
lewis hamilton was third six-tenths of a second behind team-mate nico rosberg in qualifying for the bahrain grand prix on saturday . hamilton has got pole in every race during the current campaign . the british driver is facing his extraordinary task he faces against ferrari of sebastian vettel .
lewis hamilton qualified on pole position for the bahrain grand prix . mercedes team-mate nico rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton . hamilton has got pole in every race this season and been impressively quick in each race .
ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene has urged kimi raikkonen to prove himself if he wants to remain with the maranello marque . the finn stated this week he has never been happier working with a team in his entire f1 career , although his form to date has not matched that of team-mate sebastian vettel .
nico rosberg is wary of the threat from ferrari in this weekend 's bahrain grand prix . the mercedes driver topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647 secs quicker than team-mate lewis hamilton after the reigning champion locked up in the second sector . the 29-year-old is 17 points in the drivers ' standings ahead of sunday 's race .
jenson button was left to reflect on ` not a great day ' and fears he will again be at the back of the grid for sunday 's bahrain grand prix . button 's mclaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine and forced him into a spin at turn one . the 35-year-old ultimately finished down in 19th place .
bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to think the unthinkable . hamilton , 30 , has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes . he says only small details need finalising , but until the ink is dry there are no guarantees he will stay .
davy condon was riding portrait king in the grand national at aintree . he fell at the third-last , leaving him with a spinal concussion . condon had resigned himself to the fact he would be out of action for a lengthy period of time but after seeing a specialist on wednesday he has been advised to call time on his career .
robbie mcnamara broke eight ribs , cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs . the jockey was due to partner last year 's cheltenham gold cup winner lord windermere in the crabbie 's grand national at aintree . but he suffered multiple injuries when coming to grief in a fall from bursledon in a handicap hurdle the previous day .
french trainer freddy head has favourably compared his 2,000 guineas hope ride like the wind to last year 's fifth-placed runner charm spirit . the wind was one of 34 colts which remain in the first classic of the season run on saturday , may 2 .
arsenal legend ian wright has been confirmed as the man who will present his final champion jockeys trophy at sandown on saturday . track officials had been keen to secure someone with a connection to the club which the retiring rider fervently supports . wright had seven seasons at arsenal and broke every scoring record in the book .
retiring ap mccoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at sandown on saturday if he can secure mounts . there is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35 . john ferguson-trained aqalim , a winner at cheltenham last week .
northampton host saracens in the champions cup on saturday . flanker tom wood says saints ' opponents have ` smelt blood ' . saints were dumped out of the quarter-finals as clermont ran riot on their home turf . wood is keen for his side to regain their form following recent poor results .
jack cosgrove has penned a two-year deal with edinburgh next season . the 20-year-old worcester warriors prop has been capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s side . he said : ` i 'm over the moon to be coming north . with the club being in a european cup final , they 're really showing they 've got quality players ' .
mariano galarza was selected among gloucester 's replacements for a game they lost 23-6 at the a j bell stadium . the west country club have three league games left - against newcastle , london irish and bath - while they are also through to next week 's european challenge cup final .
manu tuilagi has not featured for england since october . the 23-year-old missed the autumn internationals as well as england 's entire rbs 6 nations campaign . he is targeting a return to action in time for his country 's pre-world cup preparations .
england and wales are facing a new world cup threat after australia performed a u-turn aimed at drafting matt giteau back into the wallabies squad . the master playmaker has been an outstanding force for toulon in the french club 's back-to-back heineken cup triumphs and top 14 title success last season . the aru announced a change which is seemingly tailor-made for the man once known as kid dynamite .
saracens no 8 billy vunipola , toulon flanker steffon armitage and clermont full back nick abendanon shortlisted for european player of the year award . aracens named man-of-the-match following 33-10 demolition of munster .
michael allen will be joining edinburgh at the end of the season . the 24-year-old joins alan solomons ' side on a two-year deal . allen admits his move from belfast to the scottish capital will take him out of his comfort zone .
england face fiji in the world cup curtain-raiser on september 18 . stuart lancaster 's side will take on the south sea islanders in the tournament that will encompass 48 matches spread across 44 days of action . england came within six points of claiming the rbs 6 nations following their pulsating 55-35 victory against france on the final day of the championship .
davy mcgregor suffered the sickening injury to his ear while playing for heriot 's racing club . the former ulster hooker took to twitter to show off his battle scars but it 's not for the feint-hearted . the barbarians won the clash 97-31 , which took place to celebrate the 125th anniversary of both sides being formed .
players with over 60 caps who have held professional contract with australian rugby for at least seven years will be eligible to continue their international careers . other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing super rugby in australia for the following two seasons . the aru passed a new rule .
england full back mike brown is still showing signs of concussion . the 29-year-old was knocked out in the rbs 6 nations test against italy . brown has continued to suffer headaches nine weeks after his injury . conor o'shea , harlequins director of rugby , has ruled brown out of saturday 's aviva premiership match against sale .
leicester have announced a move for super rugby lock mike fitzgerald . the 28-year-old new zealander will follow waratahs wing peter betham . the tigers have won two super rugby titles with the waikato-based chiefs . click here for all the latest leicester news .
alastair cook and jonathan trott are the sixth english pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions . new zealand all-rounder corey anderson is a doubt for next month 's series in england after breaking a finger . cook and trott could miss the test series with a broken finger .
root 's unbeaten 118 came with england posting a 74-run lead at the end of day three . captain alastair cook got 76 in a century stand with jonathan trott -lrb- 59 -rrb- at the top before gary ballance 's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with root . england 's root smashes a short ball to the boundary as west indies keeper denesh ramdin can only watch on .
marlon samuels sent ben stokes on his way with a military-style salute . stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day when he smashed a devendra bishoo long-hop straight to deep square leg . england closed on 373 for six thanks to an unbeaten 118 from the prolific joe root .
alastair cook fell short of the magic three figures despite looking as solid and unflustered at the crease as at any time in the two years since his last century . west indies keeper and captain denesh ramdin can only watch on . root and gary ballance run between wickets as they easily work the west indian bowling around on a hot day in grenada .
broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year to take three wickets for 19 here in grenada before a defiant last wicket stand of 52 from devendra bishoo and shannon gabriel lifted west indies to 299 . then cook , fighting for his captaincy in this series , joined forces to hit their first half-century partnership as an opening pair and reach 74 without loss by the close of a rain-affected second day .
alastair cook passed alec stewart 's 8,463 runs to become england 's second highest test run-scorer . cook had watched west indies ' last pair of devendra bishoo and shannon gabriel add an unlikely 52 to undo much of the good work provided by stuart broad . it lifted the hosts to a total big enough to press for a priceless victory .
aaron finch has had surgery on his left hamstring . the australian batsman sustained the injury playing for the mumbai indians in the indian premier league . finch was part of australia 's world cup-winning side and was injured while playing in the ipl .
ben stokes was involved in a war of words with west indies batsman marlon samuels last night after a hard-fought opening day of the second test . stokes said : ` the english boys do n't learn because whenever they talk to me i continue to score runs ! ' .
alastair cook 's former team-mate graeme swann pointed out when the england captain 's form turned . rashid was made to wait for his test debut after being left out after much discussion on day one . kraigg brathwaite is first to fall as james anderson bowls the west indies opener with a massive in-swinger .
san antonio spurs beat the los angeles clippers 100-73 on friday . kawhi leonard scored 32 points as the clippers took a 1-0 lead in game 3 . loenard led the spurs to a 2-1 series lead in the first-round series .
zara phillips had travelled to the us with her london 2012 and 2014 world equestrian games great britain team silver medal-winning ride high kingdom . but the queen 's granddaughter withdrew before her scheduled dressage test at kentucky horse park . high kingdom was then taken to the dressage warm-up area , but the decision was taken to withdraw him in the horse 's best interests .
golden state warriors beat new orleans pelicans 123-119 in overtime . stephen curry scored 40 points , including a 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation to complete a fourth-quarter comeback to lead play-off series 3-0 . curry hit seven 3s in all , including one to start overtime that gave the warriors the lead for good .
world no 1 michael van gerwen beat james wade 7-0 in the betway premier league in cardiff . raymond van barneveld came from behind to defeat dave chisnall and phil taylor 6-6 with adrian lewis in a thrilling contest on thursday night .
judd trump beat stuart carrington 10-6 in the first round of the world championship in sheffield . the 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face marco fu in the next round . trump took the next with a streak of 74 but a 74 of his own from carrington followed .
hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who has worked with ronaldo , has made sure radcliffe will race . the 750,000 who are expected to pack the 26.2-mile course from london 's blackheath to pall mall will not witness a radcliffe of 2003 vintage .
alejandro valverde sprinted to victory ahead of julian alaphilippe and michael albasini in a race which saw former winner philippe gilbert pull out . team sky 's chris froome fell in the closing 12km but fought on to finish the race despite being ` banged up ' .
ronnie o'sullivan moved into the second round of the world snooker championship on wednesday . the five-time world champion beat craig steadman 10-3 in their first round contest at the crucible . the 39-year-old had trouble with his shoes during the session on tuesday .
the august 1 encounter will feature a team africa vs team world format at the iconic ellis park stadium in johannesburg , south africa . britain 's two-time nba all-star deng - who was born in south sudan - will captain team world , while miami heat 's luol deng will lead out team world .
cleveland cavaliers moved into a 2-0 lead over the boston celtics . wizards guard bradley beal scored 28 points in a 117-106 victory . washington lost 15 of their final 19 road games over the past two seasons . cleveland have won seven of eight away from home in the post-season .
reanne evans saw her reign as women 's world snooker champion come to a shock end on tuesday . the 29-year-old from dudley lost narrowly to ken doherty in the first round of qualifying for the crucible-staged betfred world championship .
china 's ding junhui was on for a maxumumum break of 147 before screwing back up the table to get position on the blue instead of the black . the world no 3 realised what he had done and chuckled during his first-round match with mark davis . ding would have pocketed # 30,000 for a maximum break , which has only been achieved 10 times in the world championships at the crucible theatre in sheffield .
jimmy butler set a play-off career-high for the second straight game . the chicago bulls beat the milwaukee bucks 91-82 on monday . chicago 's derrick rose scored all of his 15 points in the fourth quarter . pau gasol added 11 points and 16 rebounds for the third-seeded bulls .
neil robertson rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over jamie jones in sheffield . the 2010 champion has committed more hours to the game than ever before and he believes it will help him finally fulfil his potential . barry hawkins found himself the reluctant star of another crucible epic after clinging on to beat qualifier matthew selt in a final-frame decider
arsene wenger wants cesc fabregas to be shown the ` respect he deserves ' when he returns to the emirates stadium in the blue of chelsea on sunday . the frenchman has previously claimed that by the time he knew he was available , a deal with the club was virtually concluded . wenger was at his cryptic best on thursday when asked if it was his decision .
gabriel agbonlahor took to instagram to show off his fight for full fitness . the aston villa striker missed villa 's semi-final win against liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring problem . the 28-year-old will be hoping to return to action against manchester city on saturday .
chris ramsey feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games . qpr manager believes his appointment at aston villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence . nigel pearson believes his leicester side have a more realistic chance . click here for all the latest qpr news .
burnley manager sean dyche has attempted to protect out-of-sorts striker danny ings by calling on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the premier league . ings has n't scored since february 11 -- a run of eight matches -- and missed his side 's best chance in saturday 's 1-0 defeat at everton . dyche needs 23-year-old ings to rediscover
alan pardew says he would sell yannick bolasie if crystal palace were offered # 40-60million . the former newcastle boss is ready to fend off big-money bids for his in-demand stars like scott dann . pardew claims all his players are ` undervalued ' .
everton manager roberto martinez insists keeping kevin mirallas happy is key to holding on to him in the summer . mirallas has been linked with a move away from everton following an injury-hit term at the toffees . martinez backed mirallas to put the continuing debate about his future to one side .
former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 . carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the european cup winners ' cup . current toffees chairman bill kenwright said carter was a great man and the very best friend anyone could ask for .
everton beat burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at goodison park . romelu lukaku revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland but found the perfect response . the 21-year-old is everton 's top scorer this season with 18 goals .
aaron lennon has four games remaining of his loan spell at everton . the 28-year-old has been one of the more impressive performers since moving to goodison park in the winter transfer window . roberto martinez wants to get the most out of the winger in the time he has left .
four points separating the bottom five sides in the premier league . leicester , burnley and qpr would make an immediate return to the championship , but hull and sunderland are teetering on the brink . even aston villa and west brom are not quite out of the dogfight .
steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league . hull were beaten 2-0 by southampton at st mary 's on saturday . bruce 's side now have six games to save their season including nightmare fixtures against liverpool , arsenal , tottenham and manchester united .
esteban cambiasso is wanted by delhi dynamos for india 's i-league . the 34-year-old midfielder signed a one-year deal with leicester last summer . leicester are currently 18th in the premier league table . the foxes face a crunch relegation encounter against burnley on saturday .
brendan rodgers insists he is the man to guide liverpool to success . liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . rodgers has been boosted by the news that jordan henderson has committed his future to the club .
steve mcclaren has called speculation linking him with newcastle ` disrespectful ' . the derby manager insists his sole focus is steering derby to the premier league . mccallaren is understood to be one of two people on newcastle 's short list for the head coach role at st james ' park next season .
john carver says newcastle 's hierarchy must try to bring an end to protests against the club . magpies slumped to a sixth straight defeat at home to spurs last weekend . fans group ashleyout.com are now encouraging supporters to ` stand up to ashley ' when swansea visit st james ' park on saturday .
leroy fer could be rushed back from a knee injury to give queens park rangers a boost in the relegation fight . fer is back in training and manager chris ramsey hopes to have him in the squad for saturday 's london derby at home to west ham . fer has struggled for form and fitness since arriving from norwich in the summer .
chris ramsey believes his side will stay in the premier league with three wins . queens park rangers face west ham , liverpool , manchester city , newcastle and leicester . ramsey 's side lost 1-0 to chelsea in their last game at loftus road .
southampton fans are planning to show their support for ronald koeman , his brother and assistant head coach erwin koeman and fitness coach jan kluitenberg . they are encouraging match-goers to wear orange instead of the usual red and white club colours to display their discontent at pochettino leaving last year . koeman signed a five-year deal at spurs last may .
england under 21 captain jack butland has revealed voting for team-mate harry kane as this season 's pfa young player of the year . the 22-year-old stoke city goalkeeper is bidding to be the first england captain to lift the european under 21 championship since dave sexton 's team won the trophy in 1984 . butland joined manager gareth southgate and former world cup legend michael owen at st george 's park on th
thibaut verlinden is a highly regarded member of belgium 's u16 squad . the 15-year-old midfielder has had trials with liverpool and everton . stoke manager mark hughes has also persuaded barcelona 's mohamed el ouriachi to join this summer .
asmir begovic kept stoke in the game during a one-sided first half at the britannia stadium on saturday . the bosnian goalkeeper sees his existing deal run out next year with real madrid known admirers . mark hughes is keen to keep begovic at the club as he looks to stabilise them in the top ten .
everton beat burnley 7.5 -lrb- everton vs burnley -rrb- at goodison park . seamus coleman was key to everton 's win over burnley . craig gardner starred as tony pulis ' west bromwich albion side won .
rudy gestede has scored 20 goals this season and blackburn value him at # 7million . swansea city have checked on aleksandar mitrovic at anderlecht and obbi oulare from club brugge . crystal palace , hull and west brom have all made enquiries .
andrej kramaric opened the scoring for leicester in the first half . leonardo ulloa then doubled the foxes lead in the second half . swansea 's wayne routledge doubled the lead on saturday . leicester 's marcin wasilewsk made it 3-4 shortly after half-time .
harry kane is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season awards . the tottenham striker has broken through into roy hodgson 's england side during a remarkable season . the video uses still photographs of the england forward placed one on top of the other to produce an animated effect .
west brom host liverpool at upton park on saturday -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . the baggies are eight points above the premier league relegation zone . tony pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing top teams . liverpool lost 2-0 to aston villa in the fa cup semi final on sunday .
sebastien pocognoli says he 's baffled by tony pulis ' decision to drop him from the starting 11 against west brom . the belgian defender says he does n't want to be one of the players to throw a strop but may be forced to consider his long-term future .
harry kane scored his 30th goal of the season on sunday . the 21-year-old is also nominated for the pfa young player of the year award . kane has now scored 20 premier league goals in his breakthrough season . eden hazard completes the top three with a game index score of 38.5 .
west ham 's season tickets will cost as little as # 289 when the club move to the olympic stadium next year . karren brady , vice-chairman of west ham , announced during the week that the club would be making significant cuts to their current pricing . the cheapest season ticket at upton park is # 620 but there will be # 289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season .
andre blackman , 24 , stole a jacket worth more than # 1,000 from harrods . he was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work after court was told he is ` surplus to requirements ' by tangerines boss lee clark . blackman has already played for 11 clubs in his short career .
adam rooney is determined to prevent a season of outstanding personal achievement from ending with a sting its tail . celtic will have the chance to clinch a fourth successive premiership crown when they head to the north-east on may 10 . ronny deila 's side are eight points ahead of second placed aberdeen .
chris sutton has branded additional official alan muir ` idiotic ' . inverness defender josh meekings is now fighting a ban from the scottish cup final following a notice of complaint from the sfa compliance officer . sutton says muir should be kept away from high-profile games if he 's not up to the job .
inverness lost 3-2 to celtic in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . josh meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as inverness were leading 1-0 after extra-time . the sfa have appealed the decision to query the standard of officiating .
ronny deila was angry at the referee 's decision to send off josh meekings and award his side a penalty . the parkhead side were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead before half-time when additional assistant alan muir failed to spot a goalline handball . celtic face inverness in the scottish cup semi-final .
john hartson has urged his former club to move on from the injustice . celtic were leading 1-0 at the time but went on to lose 3-2 . the welshman has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of josh meekings . kris commons has called on the scottish football association to reconsider .
stuart mccall says he is already working on a dossier of signing targets . but he may not be at rangers beyond the current campaign . the interim ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the campaign after being lured back to his old club to kick-start their promotion bid .
rangers legend john brown says celtic have a case of ` sour grapes ' about their recent scottish cup exit . brown was involved in a touchline tussle with roy aitken in 1989 . rangers lost 2-1 to inverness in their semi-final first leg .
rangers board have held their first meeting with mike ashley since assuming control at ibrox . interim chairman paul murray and director john gilligan held talks with ashley and other members of the sports direct hierarchy on wednesday . supporters will hope it may represent an initial step towards finding an amicable way forward with the billionaire owner of newcastle united .
walter smith says ally mccoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club . the ibrox legend worked closely with kenny mcdowall before the duo assumed the reins at rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch . smith insists that both men have something left to offer in football .
former rangers defender john brown insists ally mccoist will be welcomed back to the club ` with open arms ' . brown insists king 's team will never turn their back on a man who struck 355 goals in light blue . the 53-year-old was removed from the manager 's office back in december as relations with the old board crumbled .
walter smith has still to obtain the sfa clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom . the former rangers chairman and manager hopes that the club can move on from its off-field dramas . smith exposed himself to the crossfire of gunfire during a charity golf match in may 2012 .
james rodriguez returned to the real madrid starting xi for the champions league semi-final , but only due to injuries . isco was forthright in his criticism of carlo ancelotti 's choice . the spaniard admitted he is unhappy with life at the bernabeu .
tim sherwood is confident aston villa can secure their premier league survival with five games remaining . villa travel to manchester city on saturday looking good at four points above the bottom three and with an fa cup final against arsenal next month . sherwood replaced paul lambert in february when villa were in the barclays premier league relegation zone .
bacary sagna left arsenal on the back of an fa cup triumph but faces a year without a trophy at manchester city . the france international has played only 16 times for city this season . sagna insists he does not regret leaving the emirates for the etihad . the 32-year-old says he would have stayed at arsenal if he had to .
arsene wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with jose mourinho across the portuguese coach 's two spells at stamford bridge . the arsenal manager says the past shared between the two managers on the touchline in sunday 's 4pm kick-off will be irrelevant . wenger : ` we have not always lost in 12 attempts . we have an opportunity at home to beat them ' .
tottenham have won two - against qpr last august and arsenal in february - collecting nine points out of a possible 30 . harry kane is pictured celebrating for tottenham after scoring in their victory at newcastle last week . the argentine dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper hugo lloris seeking a move if spurs miss out on the top four this term .
pep guardiola 's contract expires at the end of the 2015-16 season . the spaniard has yet to commit his future to the bundesliga giants . ottmar hitzfeld says favre should replace guardiola at the allianz arena . guardiola has been in the dugout at bayern munich since last season .
real madrid face barcelona in the olympiastadion in berlin on june 6 . cristiano ronaldo is looking for his third champions league trophy . barcelona beat paris saint-germain 5-1 on aggregate in the champions league semi-final of 2011 .
pep guardiola will see out his three-year contract with bayern munich , club ceo karl-heinz rummenigge said on thursday . the spaniard has been a top target for several european clubs . guardiola won 14 titles in four seasons at barcelona .
floyd mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training . the bath is cooled to -175 f -lrb- -115 c -rrb- using liquid nitrogen and mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber . the boxer was the first person to use the bath in subzero recovery in las vegas .
manny pacquiao was the star attraction as he held an open workout in los angeles on wednesday . the filipino star was in good spirits as he showed off his skills for the gathered crowd at the wild card gym . pacquaio works out in the ring in front of the world 's media .
floyd mayweather jnr recalls the reaction of his friends on the day he set himself up as an independent boxing business and told them : ` the time will come when i make a hundred million dollars in one night ' . mayweather will also earn more than $ 100million in las vegas on may 2 .
floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit with more than three weeks still to go before he meets manny pacquiao next month . the boxers are required to weigh no more than 10 per cent in excess of the 147 lb limit . mayweather was photographed taking the scales for the wbc 's mandatory weight check 30 days before a world title fight .
manny pacquiao 's speed and work rate are expected to be his biggest weapon against floyd mayweather when they take the ring in less than three weeks at the mgm grand garden area in las vegas . shapiro was an integral member of oj simpson 's 1995 defense team when the former nfl player successfully fought charges that he murdered his ex-wife nicole brown and ronald goldman in 1994 .
floyd mayweather jnr took to the swimming pool before completing a few lengths of a swimming pool . the 38-year-old boxer tested his fitness against the steepness of some mountain roads . it is now less than a month until both boxers meet in las vegas for what is being dubbed the richest fight in boxing history .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao takes place in las vegas on may 2 . iyanna mayweather has been spending time in her father floyd 's training camp . she says she is amazed by her dad 's work ethic in the gym . mayweather : ` when i watch my dad train , it 's inspiring to me ' .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's training intensity has hit gruelling levels ahead of the clash in las vegas . mayweather released two pictures from his training camp appearing to show him hanging a weight from his head . the filipino appeared to take his training intensity to a new height before his meeting with wahlberg . pacquino also tweeted a picture showing the physical shape he is in with another 27 days to go before the meeting with may 2 .
floyd mayweather is known as ` money ' and the boxing superstar gave fans an inside look of his private jet on wednesday . accompanied with the caption ` air mayweather , ' the wba and wbc welterweight world champion can be seen inside his aircraft alongside a member of his brand the money team . the orthodox fighter is putting his two belts , and his unbeaten record , on the line when he takes on philippine star manny pacquiao at the mgm grand in
american boxing fans will have to pay up to $ 100 -lrb- # 67.48 -rrb- if they want to watch floyd mayweather 's showdown with manny pacquiao in las vegas . tv companies hbo and showtime confirmed the recommended prices for the may 2 battle as the most expensive in pay-per-view boxing history . the fight itself will set viewers back $ 60.70 , but any hd surcharge could be added on by tv
danny welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury picked up during international duty with england . england midfielder alex oxlade-chamberlain remains unavailable . liverpool striker daniel sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face arsenal on saturday .
burnley host tottenham hotspur at turf moor -lrb- sunday 3pm -rrb- . stephen ward should be back in contention after overcoming an ankle injury . matt taylor is also nearing a return after resuming training following his recovery from achilles surgery .
sevilla will take on fiorentina for a place in the europa league final . retaining the title will see the spanish club win the competition for a record fourth time . the other tie sees rafael benitez 's napoli take on dnipropetrovsk of ukraine .
manchester city have already met jurgen klopp to assess him for the manager 's job . but it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for roberto mancini . begiristain 's meeting and rejection of klopp in 2013 adds weight to the growing evidence that klopp will not get the job .
jurgen klopp rejected the overtures of west ham united after handing in his notice at borussia dortmund . rafael benitez wants to return to english football after leaving napoli maybe he can be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the iconic olympic stadium in a year 's time . allardyce has often talked of the qualities he could bring to an elite club , but the momentum of his season changed on boxing day when he left his
jurgen klopp will leave dortmund at the end of the season , according to nigel winterburn . the borussia dortmund legend has been linked with a move away . klopp has two years left on his contract at the emirates . click here for arsenal transfer news .
thomas tuchel will replace borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp . the 41-year-old is currently seeing out the final year of his mainz contract through a year-long break from the game . klopp revealed on wednesday he was leaving at the end of the season .
kenya 's athletics federation has suspended two athlete management companies , the netherlands ' volare sports and italy 's rosa & associati . ak did not make accusations against the companies , but said they would be suspended from working in kenya for six months so that investigations can be carried out .
the football league 's political colours are based on the party holding each club 's constituency . overall , ed miliband 's party has mps in constituencies housing 55 of the 92 clubs in england 's top four divisions . only chelsea , who voted tory , fittingly blue , and burnley , where lib dems hold sway , are different .
usain bolt is currently in rio de janeiro , acclimatising ahead of next year 's olympic games in the brazilian capital . the jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 world championships in berlin . bolt insists he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit .
usain bolt walked into a small gym at the base of rio de janeiro 's mangueira favela on thursday , took three shots on the basketball court - at least one from 3-point range . he won three in 2008 in beijing and three more in london in 2012 . bolt is in rio to promote an event over the weekend , and made a 30-minute visit to the sports complex .
steve evans has revealed rotherham will find out whether they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player before the weekend . the millers were sanctioned by the football league last week as they played derby defender farrend rawson in their 1-0 win over brighton . evans insists he does not know the strength of his club 's defence .
fulham were out-played for large parts against rotherham , a club with a far inferior budget and experience at this level . ross mccormack came to the rescue after matt derbyshire 's early opener to spare blushes . steve evans ' team still await their fate after being charged for fielding an ineligible player , farrend rawson .
swansea have lost their last six premier league games under caretaker manager john carver . at least 10,000 supporters stayed away from st james ' park on saturday afternoon to reflect the # 34million club left in the bank . campaign organisers have said they will support anyone who wishes to boycott once again .
tiger woods found himself 470 yards from the hole with the ball nestled snugly into the pine straw that surrounds the beautifully groomed fairway . the four-time masters champion managed to shake off the injury to finish the competition at 5-under-par . jordan spieth led from start to finish at augusta , the first time that feat has been achieved in 39 years .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 in the champions league quarter-final . javier hernandez scored the winning goal for madrid in the 88th minute . the french defender uploaded an astonishing video to twitter of the team 's entrance to the santiago bernabeu .
rafael benitez has won 12 trophies with valencia , liverpool , inter milan , chelsea and napoli . the spaniard is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand . manchester city , paris st germain and real madrid are all considering changes .
yaya toure 's agent dimitri seluk has revealed that he wants to meet with manchester city to thrash out his future . inter milan boss roberto mancini wants to be reunited with toure next season after managing him at city . toure earns more than # 1m a month at the etihad stadium .
paris saint-germain were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by barcelona . laurent blanc said the club were ready for tougher competitions in europe two years ago but they need more time to reach the top . zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti returned to the ligue one side .
england lock joe launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback against leicester tigers on may 9 . launchbury has been sidelined since october because of a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck . if the 24-year-old is given the all-clear to face the tigers in a match that could be crucial to wasps ' play-off prospects .
bafetimbi gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury . the swansea striker came off in the early stages of last weekend 's 1-1 home draw with everton . the 29-year-old will miss league trips to leicester and newcastle .
jack wilshere was on the bench against reading on saturday after five months out through injury . ray parlour believes the 23-year-old 's fitness record is the one thing holding him back from reaching his undoubted potential . the england international is at the heart of a core of players at the emirates .
mailonline revealed for the first time how popular each premier league club is around the globe according to twitter followers . arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68 million followers ahead of chelsea and manchester united -lrb- 4.87 m -rrb- . but one country was missing : china -- where the government outlaws twitter as they seek to keep control of information and the media .
the augusta record-equalling champion visited the observation deck of the empire state building on monday . spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory , including equalling the 18-under total set by tiger woods in 1997 . the magnitude of his achievement still did n't seem to have sunk in yet as spieth took in the press attention which included his trip to the top of the 25th-tallest completed skyscraper in the world .
alexis sanchez has been nominated for pfa player of the year . the chilean forward has scored 22 goals in all competitions so far . sanchez says he is ` very proud ' to have joined the north london club . arsenal are currently second in the premier league table with 66 points .
four european giants are just three games from being crowned champions of the continent in berlin on june 6 . this season 's competition is one of the toughest to call in recent memory . barcelona are in overdrive . luis suarez is hitting top gear just at the right time .
juventus secured a 0-0 draw at the stade louis ii on wednesday night . massimiliano allegri 's side progressed 1-0 on aggregate after arturo vidal 's second-half penalty proved the difference in turin . evra is put under pressure by monaco 's geoffrey kondogbia .
england coach john peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . the young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year . they will open their campaign against italy in burgas on may 7 .
hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster . they form part of an ongoing home office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster . issued on behalf of the coroner sir john goldring , the people in the photographs may be able to tell victims ' families ' more about how they died .
jordan henderson has signed a new long-term contract with liverpool . the 24-year-old midfielder is the latest big name in brendan rodgers ' squad to commit his future to the club . deals for philippe coutinho and daniel sturridge were completed earlier in the campaign .
gareth bale has not started eight of real madrid 's 50 matches this season . the # 86million man has missed out on a 100 per cent win record . bale 's latest injury meant he missed wednesday night 's champions league game against barcelona , two champions league ties with liverpool .
chelsea are interested in fulham goalkeeper marcus bettinelli . the 22-year-old has one more year left on his contract at stamford bridge . mourinho was in the crowd at craven cottage last wednesday . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
bayern munich face porto in the german cup semi-final on tuesday . pep guardiola 's side have a 12-point lead atop the bundesliga . the bavarians won the treble under then coach jupp heynckes in 2013 . bayern remain on course for three trophies .
thiago alcantara scored in bayern munich 's 6-1 win over porto on tuesday . pep guardiola had made it clear he required the midfelder at bayern . michael carrick fully recovered from injury and ander herrera began to find his feet .
bayern munich face borussia dortmund in the champions league semi-final . bayern still have five bundesliga matches to play as they march towards a third consecutive title . if guardiola 's goalscoring machine churns them out at their current rate of 2.61 per game , that would mean an eyewatering total of 141 goals for the season .
david de gea has been linked with a move to real madrid . the spanish keeper has impressed for louis van gaal 's side this season . neville believes the club must concentrate on keeping him at old trafford . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
southampton are the club punching heaviest above their weight in the premier league in terms of performance compared with wages paid to players . chelsea are only the third-highest payers with a wage bill of # 192.7 million behind manchester united -lrb- # 215.8 m -rrb- and manchester city . qpr 's salary bill was almost twice what the club earned in total last season .
radamel falcao has scored just four times for manchester united since his season-long loan move from monaco . the colombian striker has endured a frustrating season on loan at united . chief executive ed woodward held talks with monaco on sunday over the striker 's future .
rafael may have played his last game for manchester united against leicester . the brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements at old trafford . united hope to fend off interest from liverpool , bayern munich and paris st germain for memphis depay from psv eindhoven .
manchester united have put forward an opening # 21.5 m bid for mats hummels . the germans value their captain at # 35million but in united 's favour he has had a relatively poor season occasionally clashing with supporters . dortmund are keen to bring in sami khedira from real madrid .
michael carrick has been instrumental in manchester united 's recent run of good form . louis van gaal has identified borussia dortmund 's ilkay gundogan as a long-term successor to carrick . united will seek to sign carrick 's successor this summer as part of another huge spending frenzy .
steve clarke has backed adam federici to bounce back against birmingham . the reading goalkeeper let alexis sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time as the royals were narrowly beaten 2-1 by arsenal . federici had kept the gunners at bay with a string of fine saves .
adam federici apologises for crucial gaffe in fa cup semi-final . australian inexplicably let alexis sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time . the 30-year-old has received unwavering support from his manager and team-mates .
alexis sanchez scored twice as chile beat england 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final . the chile international has emerged from a more subdued mid-season . sanchez is shortlisted for the pfa player of the year with chelsea 's eden hazard the hot favourite .
david luiz was at fault for both neymar 's goals as psg crashed out of the champions league with little more than a whimper . psg defender roy keane described the defender 's performance as looking ` lost ' following his woeful first-half performance against barcelona . the 43-year-old said his side got what they deserved across both legs of the fixture .
top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending champions league winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries . on current standings , arsenal , atletico madrid and porto will drop in status in the august 27 draw . if real madrid do n't win la liga or the champions league they will be in pot 1 .
bayern munich beat porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach champions league last four . pep guardiola was with his back to the wall after their first leg defeat in portugal last week . spaniard repeatedly said he was aware of what he needed to deliver at the five-time european champions for who a league and german cup double was just not enough .
pep guardiola was left purring at bayern munich 's first-half performance against porto as the club put a turbulent week behind them to storm in to the champions league semi-finals . a 3-1 first leg defeat in portugal last week followed by the dramatic resignation of long-serving club doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt . but the bayern boss reminded the watching world why he is considered by many to be the best manager
former arsenal and tottenham defender is selling # 6.75 m chelsea flat . campbell has threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over # 2m comes into force . land registry documents suggest the sale was registered the day after higher stamp duty levies came into effect .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 2-0 in the champions league quarter-final . neymar has the blend of cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi in his skillset . the spaniard has to improve ; his crossing and final pass sometimes leave a little to be desired .
west ham are discussing a deal for jamaican starlet deshane beckford . the 17-year-old was invited to train with west ham 's academy earlier this month . beckford has impressed coaches after spending two weeks with the club . click here for all the latest west ham united news .
west ham are confident that the deal to move into the olympic stadium does not contravene domestic or european legislation . the premier league club are set to move in 2016-17 season . fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to west ham on tuesday .
andres iniesta scored twice as barcelona beat paris saint-germain 2-0 . the spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 la liga appearances this season . iniesta has been forced to play in the semi-finals after killing off the french side in the opening half .
kenny bayless has the honour of being the third man in the ring with floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2 . the appointment will be welcomed by both camps . bayless will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the fight of the century in the mgm grand garden arena .
veteran referee kenny bayless has been named as the third man in the ring when floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao meet in the match being billed as the biggest and richest in boxing history . the 64-year-old is widely considered to be one of the best referees in the world and will pocket $ 25,000 for the night 's work on may 2 while judges dave moretti , glenn feldman and burt clements will each receive $
barry hawkins beat matthew selt 10-9 in the first round of the world snooker championship in sheffield . the 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on monday with a 7-2 overnight lead which he extended to 9-4 . but selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row - including back-to-back centuries - before a cool clearance from hawkins saw him into the second round with a 10-9
john higgins impressed with 10-5 first-round victory over robert milkins . the 39-year-old fired breaks of 77 , 75 , 69 and a clinching 106 in the second session as he coasted home against gloucester potter milkins , who took the match beyond its evening interval .
the winner 's share of the $ 10million pot worked out at # 1.23 m in our currency . anyone who made the cut was guaranteed # 17,000 . augusta national have had people positioned on four holes this week taking note of what club each player uses from the tee or the right .
andy murray tied the knot with kim sears on saturday at dunblane cathedral . reverend colin renwick was pictured outside the cathedral just after 3.00 pm . hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets around the cathedral and one of the biggest cheer so far has been reserved for judy murray .
players from manchester city , chelsea , arsenal , liverpool and manchester united still involved in europe 's top competition . there are 23 current and former premier league players still involved . xabi alonso will be important for bayern munich looking for his third champions league triumph .
txiki begiristain was on the 10.30 am lufthansa flight out of manchester for munich on tuesday morning . it 's the week of the champions league quarter-finals , therefore the manchester city director of football would have expected to be on the move . this week , however , he is on the outside looking in . city are keen for bayern munich manager pep guardiola to become their new manager in 2016 .
xabi alonso could become only the second player to win european football 's top trophy with three different clubs . ac milan legend clarence seedorf lifted the famous piece of silverware for ajax , real madrid and milan . alonso won the champions league in his first season at liverpool .
west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad on sunday . sam allardyce was incensed that eliaquim mangala was not penalised for a foul against stewart downing . referee anthony taylor took no action as the ball ran out of play .
west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad on sunday . defender carl jenkinson says the remaining five games are not meaningless . the 23-year-old has enjoyed a successful season-long loan from arsenal . click here for all the latest west ham united news .
glenn roeder is now part of a new management team at sheffield wednesday . roeder and former hull city chairman adam pearson are joining head coach stuart gray in a three-man task force . chansiri said they would form a recruitment committee as part of full-time roles starting immediately .
tim sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of aston villa . the belgian striker has scored nine goals in his last seven for the club . villa face chelsea in the fa cup final on valentine 's day . click here for all the latest villa news .
martina hingis beat agnieszka radwanska 6-4 , 6-0 in the fed cup on saturday . the former world no 1 was persuaded to play because of injuries in the team and to secure a spot on the olympic team . the 34-year-old fought courageously but could not prevent defeat on her first return to singles since 2007 .
bayern munich have joined manchester united and liverpool in the race to sign memphis depay . the 21-year-old dutch international has played a starring role in psv 's eredivisie title success this season . liverpool hope to convince depay that he would get more regular football with them .
fa cup semi-final between reading and arsenal drew 6.9 million viewers . both organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders , sky and the bbc , scheduling the marquee chelsea vs manchester united league match against arsenal . both viewing figures would have been higher had they not coincided .
manchester united lost 1-0 to chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal 's side are ten points ahead of arsenal with six games to play . the red devils travel to leicester in the premier league on sunday . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
eden hazard has been named ` one of the three best players in the world ' by jose mourinho . hazard scored chelsea 's 38th minute winner against manchester united . hazard is widely expected to be named pfa player of the year on sunday . the belgian winger has been in superb form this season .
liverpool have been given the go-ahead to install a privacy screen around their melwood training ground . the club proposed a 4.5 metre fine mesh screen to be installed and liverpool city council planning committee has given its approval on tuesday . the news will please manager brendan rodgers who can now prepare his side with extra care .
juventus are monitoring liverpool wideman raheem sterling . manchester city , chelsea , real madrid , paris st germain and bayern munich are all among sterling 's admirers . juventus have made an offer for belgium midfielder axel witsel .
steven gerrard hoped his liverpool career would end at wembley . the liverpool captain was denied the opportunity of ending his career in this season 's fa cup final at the hands of aston villa . liverpool face stoke city at the britannia stadium on sunday may 10 .
liverpool lost fa cup semi-final to aston villa at anfield on sunday . brendan rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave this summer . captain steven gerrard has already agreed to join la galaxy . kolo toure and glen johnson are also out of contract .
amir khan faces manny pacquiao in abu dhabi , united arab emirates . khan has been so close to fighting mayweather that he could smell the resin and hear the roar of the crowd . there is reason to believe that a tale which might have been told by scheherazade could become reality one starlit arabian night .
michael conlan has booked his olympic place after results went his way in venezuela on saturday night . both belfast boxers -lrb- bronze medallists at london 2012 -rrb- were in action for the italia thunder franchise . barnes delivered in style , extending his undefeated wsb record to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over native light-flyweight yoel finol .
manny pacquiao will be wearing the world 's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring at the mgm grand garden arena with floyd mayweather on may 2 . the richest fight of all time , said to be worth $ 300m , is raking in the big bucks with the money streams not limited to tv rights and ticket sales . the pacman 's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $ 2.25 m -lrb- # 1.5 m
frank lampard 's role at manchester city was always planned as being just a bit part player but maybe the 36-year-old should have started more games . phil jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty . tom cleverley has found a steely edge since tim sherwood took charge at aston villa .
liverpool lost 1-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . philippe coutinho opened the scoring for the reds with a smart chipped finish . christian benteke doubled liverpool 's lead shortly after half-time . fabian delph equalised for the visitors with a header in the second half .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . christian benteke and fabian delph scored to cancel out philippe coutinho 's opener as villa booked a final showdown with arsenal on may 30 . tom cleverley has hailed tim sherwood 's style of football .
david moyes has revealed that chelsea were close to signing wayne rooney during his ill-fated tenure as manchester united manager . rooney gave rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at everton in the summer of 2013 . the pair had a well-publicised falling out following rooney 's departure from goodison park in 2004 .
manchester united lost 1-0 to chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal 's side are 11 points clear of red devils in the premier league . united ace wayne rooney was happy with his side 's display . the dutchman was pleased with the chances created .
eden hazard opened the scoring for chelsea in the 13th premier league goal of the season . didier drogba doubled the blues ' lead in the 57th minute with a close-up of the goalscorer . eden hazard then added a second in the 77th minute to make it 3-1 before half-time . jose mourinho and his assistant rui faria were up and down with unusual intensity .
chelsea beat queens park rangers 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . eden hazard has scored 17 goals for the blues this season . the belgian forward is now the best player in the premier league . hazard has been eking out wins when the team has n't been at its best .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on sunday . eden hazard 's goal was enough to beat united , meaning they require two wins from their last six matches to claim the league title . jose mourinho 's side moved 10 points clear at the top of the table .
eden hazard 's first-half goal gave chelsea a 1-0 win over manchester united . ander herrera went over under the challenge of gary cahill but referee mike dean adjudged the spaniard to have dived . mourinho was angered earlier this season when sky used the headline ` diego costa crimes ' .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . john terry led the celebrations on the field at full-time . jose mourinho says he will not allow his players to believe they have crossed the finish line until the maths say so . chelsea need just two more wins to clinch the championship .
marouane fellaini has been in brilliant form for manchester united this season . chelsea travel to stamford bridge on saturday afternoon hoping to put a spanner in the works of the midfielder . thibaut courtois says the blues have been working on a way to combat the unorthodox midfielder .
bournemouth drew 2-2 with sheffield wednesday at dean court . the owls are unbeaten in 10 before saturday 's kick-off . watford 85pts to play apr 25 brighton -lrb- a -rrb- , may 2 sheff wednesday .
chelsea beat arsenal 1-0 at wembley in the fa cup semi-final first leg . steve clarke 's side were narrowly beaten by arsenal at the back . clarke has been away from the cut-and-thrust of football 's elite since he was sacked by west brom .
gary neville , nicky butt and ryan giggs co-own the club with gary neville and paul scholes . salford city are attacking the far end of the ground and the view is obscured but with 90 seconds remaining , the ball breaks for substitute gareth seddon about 10 yards out with only the goalkeeper to beat . even from scholes ' long-distance view the ripple of net is immediately visible as the ball beats the keeper .
radamel falcao has failed to score since january 31 against leicester . the colombian has collected # 3,080,000 in wages since the start of the season . the striker has not always featured for manchester united . click here for all the latest man utd news .
andres iniesta has praised louis van gaal for helping him make the breakthrough into the barcelona first team . iniesta made his debut for the spanish club during the 2002-03 campaign . the spaniard also admitted he took great joy in defeating chelsea and manchester united during the run to champions league success in 2009 .
manchester united to introduce living wage at old trafford in july . in-house staff paid # 7.85 an hour or # 9.15 an hour should they be based in london . united officials have decided to implement the salary a year early . chelsea became the first professional club in england to pay a living wage .
wayne rooney knows manchester united will be playing for ` pride ' against rivals manchester city at old trafford on sunday . the 29-year-old is the leading united scorer in derby history with 11 goals . rooney has had to get used to being on the losing side in recent years .
rotor volgograd have been wound up after going bankrupt . the team from the volga region of russia were competing in the second division in the southern zone , which is effectively russian football 's third tier . rotor did not play at the victory arena which will have a capacity of 45,000 spectators .
everton 's kevin mirallas was sent off in the first half for a foul on nemanja matic . ross barkley was shown the red car by referee mike jones just before half time . mourinho condemned the burnley forward for a ` criminal challenge ' .
ross barkley missed from the spot in everton 's 1-0 win against burnley . roberto martinez insisted barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties on saturday . barkley has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league . click here for all the latest everton news .
steven naismith is the latest recipient of the barclays spirit of the game award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community . the 28-year-old has worked with the likes of job centre plus , dyslexia scotland and the whitechapel centre in liverpool to help give back to the communities that have supported him throughout his football career .
burnley are currently two points from safety in the premier league . roberto martinez says burnley 's player remind him of his old wigan side . the spaniard says sean dyche 's clear plan will help burnley survive . click here for all the latest burnley news .
manny pacquiao has promoted a range of t-shirts commemorating his fight with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . he uploaded a picture of one of the shirts , named ` fight gear ' on the website selling the merchandise , which is black and has ` the fight of the century ' . the cheapest shirt has an 'm ' for mayweather ' above a ` p ' for the filipino boxer .
box office for the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao has yet to go on public sale . when they are finally put on sale , only a few will be sold at the listed price . mayweather 's promoter , leonard ellerbe , said tuesday that tickets would go on sale this week for the may 2 fight .
jamie redknapp and thierry henry face off in anticipation of floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao bout . sky sports boxing are asking people to film their own head to heads to celebrate manny and money finally fighting . the pair collapse into giggles as they struggle to maintain the mock tension between them .
christian benteke has two years left on his contract at aston villa . the 24-year-old striker has scored eight goals in his last six matches . boss tim sherwood said there would likely be talks over his # 50,000-a-week contract at the club during the summer .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . martin skrtel says steven gerrard is still one of the best players in the world . slovakia international has gone on to become a mainstay in liverpool 's defence .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . brendan rodgers is looking to lead liverpool to an eighth fa cup victory . the northern irishman believes that while trophy success is imperative for any liverpool team this season , success could pave the way for many more trips to the club in the future .
mark hughes believes tom jones ' song ` delilah ' is costing stoke fans a spot in the europe league via the fair play league . stoke are 17th in the premier league fair play standings . anton booth , known as tj , claims to have introduced the hit after he started to sing it in a pub in the late 1980s .
paris saint-germain striker zlatan ibrahimovic will now miss three games and marseille playmaker payet just one after appealing his four-game ban . both clubs succeeded with appeals to the french olympic committee -lrb- cnosf -rrb- .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the la liga on wednesday . luis enrique has urged his players to shut the champions league out of their minds and concentrate on extending their lead at the top of the table . real madrid will take enrique 's men at least temporarily five points clear .
barcelona beat psg 3-1 in the champions league quarter final . luis suarez scored a brace in his side 's quarter final to put the spanish side firmly in control in the tie . suarez says he nutmegged paris saint-germain defender david luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal .
laura robson used an ice bath as a means of cooling down in the florida heat as she nears a return to action after more than a year off the court . the 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 australian open more than 15 months ago after requiring surgery on an injured wrist . the former british no 1 has been training in tampa in a bid to build up her fitness in time to take part in next month 's french open
greek government has put forward a bill which could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence and teams prohibited from playing in european competition . uefa and fifa say that is direct government interference in football and have threatened to suspend greece . panathinakos ' game against olympiakos in february was marred by crowd trouble in athens .
gareth bale is out of real madrid 's champions league quarter-final second leg against atletico on wednesday night . the 25-year-old injured his calf during saturday 's 3-1 win against malaga . real boss carlo ancelotti will also be without first-team regulars karim benzema and luka modric for the tie .
stephan lichtsteiner played with eden hazard at lille and currently stars alongside paul pogba at juventus . the 18-year-old defender has tipped kingsley coman to be the next big thing . he feels he is watching coman being sculpted into a special player .
leonardo jardim says monaco 's performance in the champions league shows you do n't need to buy big . monaco face juventus at the stade louis ii on wednesday . the french club signed big-name arrivals including radamel falcao , james rodriguez and joao moutinho .
diego simeone believes english football needs to ` wake up ' after this season 's poor showing in europe . chelsea , arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the champions league last 16 stage , and everton were dumped out of the europa league in the same round . the atletico madrid boss believes that english football has enormous potential with its footballers and financial clout .
robin van persie and jonny evans both limped off in manchester united 's under 21 side 's 1-1 draw at leicester city . rafael and adnan januzaj both limutted off after leaving swansea on crutches . sean goss levelled the scoreline in the 32nd minute by wriggling past leicester 's defence before scoring past adam smith .
nathaniel clyne is stalling over a new contract at southampton . saints are in talks with the defender 's representatives over an extension . manchester united , chelsea and liverpool are all interested in the 24-year-old . click here for all the latest southampton news .
everton have expressed an interest in qpr striker charlie austin . the toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer . the belgian teenager scored as brugge came from behind to beat anderlecht in front of scouts from a number of europe 's top clubs .
brentford are considering appointing gianfranco zola as their new manager . the italian was manager of watford for a little over a season beginning in 2012 . mark warburton is to leave the club next month after feeling his vision did not match that of brentford .
sam allardyce believes rob green is good enough to challenge england no 1 joe hart for a place in the national team . green has won 12 england caps but made a calamitous error in the world cup against usa in 2010 . the qpr goalkeeper allowed a speculative effort to go through his hands and was unable to retrieve it .
memphis depay has held talks with psg , despite liverpool and manchester united 's interest in the qatari-backed french club . united have yet to hold detailed talks with the player but have informed psv of their wish to do so while liverpool have established a good relationship . depay is intrigued by the prospect of playing with zlatan ibrahimovic and is good friends with gregory van der wiel .
thierry henry has hit out at javier hernandez for celebrating his late champions league winner against atletico madrid ` like he had just won the world cup ' . the real madrid striker sent home fans into raptures when he swept in a pass from cristiano ronaldo with just two minutes left to play . henry feels the forward , on loan from manchester united , owes all the credit to his team-mate .
thierry henry posted an 84-minute video of michael laudrup 's passing . the real madrid striker celebrated ` like he 'd won the world cup ' . hernandez could have shot with two minutes to go in real 's champions league quarter-final second leg against bitter rivals atletico .
barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league semi-finals . luis suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside lionel messi and neymar when he joined the club . the uruguayan has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barcelona this season .
amir khan will fight chris algieri in new york on may 29 . the bolton-born fighter is the reigning world light-welterweight champion . brook defends his world welterweight title against frankie gavin . click here for all the latest boxing news .
ricky hatton says manny pacquiao has the style to beat floyd mayweather . the hitman also considers that having freddie roach in his corner gives the pacman a massive advantage over the money man . hatton expects mayweather will ` find a way to win ' .
kell brook will fight frankie gavin on may 30 at the o2 in london . the welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for kevin mitchell and lee selby . brook had been desperate to face khan at wembley in june but his compatriot ruled out a fight until at least later in the year .
manny pacquiao 's trainer , freddie roach , believes his man is ready to beat floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . the pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago . but after half a decade of speculation , the pair will finally go head-to-head .
the official advert for floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao has been released with less than a month until the two meet in las vegas . it shows both fighters walking towards each other and squaring up in the middle of a desert road . the fight on may 2 is expected to break the pay-per-view record of # 102m set by mayweather 's fight with saul ` canelo ' alvarez in september 2013 .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in their $ 300 million mega-fight on may 2 . mayweather believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport . the inexperienced spinks only fought seven times previously . ali adopted his famous ` rope-a-dope ' tactics before stopping .
bob arum , the pacman 's veteran promoter , ordered an end to the discussion when he realised that many more than the promised tight-knit group of sportswriters were jamming the lines . arum has always doubted the worth of mass telephone talk-ins , during which the same questions are often asked over and over again by different callers . mayweather visits subzero recovery in las vegas , a new-age version of the ice bath .
amir khan takes the final sip of his milkshake as he takes a break from training . the bolton-born fighter is currently training for his upcoming fight against chris algieri on may 29 . khan has fought some of the best boxers in the sport and most recently battled manny pacquiao .
blackpool chairman karl oyston has decided to contest his fa charge for allegedly abusive text messages . the unpopular chief initially had until march 30 to reply , but was granted an extension . his appeal is expected to be heard by a separate fa panel next month and oyston still faces a ban from football activities .
celtic lost 2-1 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . josh meekings blocked a goal-bound effort from leigh griffiths with his hand . caley thistle will learn today whether they have succeeded in overturning the suspension .
poland international maciej rybus is being followed by hull , leicester and swansea . stan ternent has watched the 25-year-old playing for russian side terek grozny . he has a get-out clause for # 3.2 million .
manchester city will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer . four of their starting line-up against chelsea were born in manchester . another two have lived there from a young age . manuel pellegrini looked on with interest at city 's academy stadium .
mauricio pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players based on past success . harry kane , nabil bentaleb and ryan mason are all products of spurs ' youth system . spurs goalkeeper hugo lloris has previously spoken of his desire to play in the champions league .
cheltenham town have two games to preserve their football league status . gary johnson took over as manager of the league two club on march 30 . he asked his players to put their signature on an a3 sheet of paper . cheltenham were beaten by northampton in their last game .
the fear involves dropping out of the football league a week on saturday after 94 years of membership . relegation to the national league will partly be down to prenton park legend and ex-manager ronnie moore . hartlepool 's unlikely survival could all happen under the ownership of former fa chief executive mark palios .
micky adams has left tranmere by mutual consent with just two games of the season to play for the league two side . adams failed to show for his post-match press conference after the 3-0 loss by oxford on saturday . the former leicester manager lost just two of his first 13 games at the helm .
burton albion promoted to league one after lucas akins scored both goals in their 2-1 win at morecambe . jimmy floyd hasselbaink 's side are up as despite fourth-placed bury still being able to catch them , who have played a game more than the shakers - can not . damien mccrory saw his 28th-minute penalty kept out by andreas arestidou but just two minutes later akins
steven gerrard and frank lampard will be honoured by the pfa on sunday . the pair 's careers in england are drawing to a close with german leaving for america at the end of the season . both players have retired from international football , after winning a combined 220 caps for their country .
napoli coach rafael benitez has yet to sign a contract extension with napoli . the spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season . beniteitez joined napoli in the summer of 2013 and led them to the coppa italia and third place in serie a .
rafael benitez has been linked with the managerial job at sampdoria . sinisa mihajlovic is the current blucerchiati boss . napoli travel to face napoli in the champions league on sunday . click here for all the latest napoli news .
javier hernandez struck in the 88th minute to send real madrid into the champions league semi-final . the mexican striker has toiled for the last two seasons desperate for a chance to do what he feels he does best -- score big goals in big games . sky pundit thierry henry criticised him for not immediately running to cristiano ronaldo who played the ball to him for the goal .
west ham defender aaron cresswell is a reported target for chelsea and manchester city according to sam allardyce . the 25-year-old has starred for the hammers this term , scoring twice in his debut top-flight season . allarydce claims no club has made an offer for the left back .
elliot kear will return to rugby league 's championship with london broncos . the 26-year-old has spent most of the year playing rugby union for london welsh . kear moved to premiership rugby from bradford and returns for the broncos under andrew henderson .
james lockwood has been banned for two years for breaching rugby football league 's anti-doping regulations . the 29-year-old former dewsbury forward was handed the suspension by ukad after a sample taken in an out-of-competition test last november .
bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised during the ladbrokes challenge cup fifth-round defeat by hull kr . the championship club say three cars were broken into and damaged within the richard dunn sports centre car park opposite the provident stadium , odsal .
toulon beat leinster 1-0 at stade velodrome on sunday . bernard laporte 's stellar side did n't come to life until this dismal encounter went into extra-time . ali williams was sin-binned for taking out devin toner in the air .
salford assistant coach ian watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38 . watson , whose last game was as player-coach in the championship for swinton last june , has stepped up his training ahead of sunday 's home game against castleford . salford are without rangi chase , weller hauraki , cory paterson and darrell griffin through suspension , while scrum-half michael dobson
john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day . here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze . martin fletcher has done with his book fifty-six , the story of the fire .
the fire at bradford city 's valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 . just 21 years of age , stuart mccall returned to his car , only to find the door handle was burning hot because it had been parked so near to the blaze . upon learning his father , andy , had been badly burned and was missing , the young midfielder set off frantically through the streets . those hours represented the worst of his life but given that other families lost loved
sir oliver popplewell , the judge who conducted the 1985 inquiry , says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to ` see if there was anything sinister ' . the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .
fire at bradford city 's valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 . mp gerry sutcliffe says he knew heginbotham ` flew by the seat of his pants ' in terms of the finances of the club . judge ruled fire was started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into the rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand .
paul smith and andre ward are set to fight on june 20 . the liverpool super-middleweight is set to meet one of boxing 's biggest talents . elements of the deal are still being rubber-stamped and ward 's wba world title is unlikely to be on the line .
carl froch wants to fight julio cesar chavez jr in las vegas . the former middleweight world champion was stopped in nine rounds by andrzej fonfara . froch has not fought since knocking out george groves at wembley last may .
yaya toure has been a shadow of the player who fired manchester city to last season 's title . manuel pellegrini or director of football txiki begiristain are adept at identifying replacements . toure is in obvious decline but his influence on city 's two title winning seasons was huge .
patrick vieira has the backing of manchester city players to replace manuel pellegrini at the etihad stadium . the frenchman is highly-respected among the city players and his work with the youth team has n't gone unnoticed too . city 's first-choice managerial option remains bayern munich boss pep guardiola .
john lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at cairns base hospital , swearing he will return to the green again after the nasty run-in with the crocodile . the elderly man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the palmer sea reef golf course . he received puncture wounds on his leg and foot , including one down to the bone .
women compared themselves to their friends on facebook rather than celebrities in magazines . facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online , psychologists at the university of new south wales in australia found . the women preferred facebook as a means of judging themselves because they could compare their looks with peers similar to them and see how they had changed over time .
nicholas tooth , 25 , was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid-north nsw on saturday . he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent 's shoulder during a tackle . he was treated at the ground before being airlifted to newcastle 's john hunter hospital in a critical condition . the young man was originally from wallabadah in the new england region of nsw .
russian youtuber captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road , crushing trees in its wake . the eerie phenomenon is called an ` earthflow ' and is a rare type of landslide . the earthflow also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages , but no one was hurt .
julie stauch and vidhya reddy appear in cinton 's 2016 video announcing she is running for president . they are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement to spanish-speaking brothers . but far from being ` everyday americans , ' clinton says on the video .
the jungle bar is being developed by icelandic duo búi bjarmar aðalsteinsson and stefán atli thoroddsen through their company crowbar protein . called the jungle bar it also contains dates , sesame , sunflower and pumpkin seeds , chocolate and cricket flour . it is then mixed with the other ingredients to make the unusual bar .
a video has emerged showing galaxy s6 edge bending and shattering under 110lbs -lrb- 50kg -rrb- of pressure . the video was released by third-party warranty firm squaretrade . samsung claims the tests conducted by squaretrade was unfair as 110lbf of pressure ` rarely occurs under normal circumstances ' .
dr sandra lee is dermatologist at the skin physicians & surgeons practice in upland , california , and a regular guest on the doctors talk show , but online she is known simply as dr pimple popper . the clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers , as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on reddit .
a woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a football game earlier this month . during a ` flex cam ' break at a philadelphia soul game on april 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city . video of the unidentified woman 's robust display at the arena football league game has over 300,000 views on youtube .
bus monitor karen huff klein , 71 , was tormented by middle school students in greece , new york in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012 . now one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused , along with two others , of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet . mrs klein said that the middle-schoolers who verbally attacker her ` did n't learn any lessons ' on hearing news of
president joko widodo has confirmed ` it will only be a matter of time ' . chan and sukumaran are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded . the pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals .
the 40-second-video was recorded by haim kaplan at the ngorongoro conservation area in tanzania . making an attempt to scare the baboons away but is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him . laughter can be heard from behind the camera as the two monkeys who helped with the distraction scarper .
craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square . reminiscent of edward scissorhands ' trimming of a hedge , canine hairdressers in taipei are giving particularly furry customers outlandish makeovers . pictures of doe-eyed dogs with their shapely new cuts have proved extremely popular online prompting more owners to seek out the custom salons .
arsenal midfielder jack wilshere met brazil legend pele on thursday . the 23-year-old was given the ` honour to interview the legendary pele ' . pele has acknowledged last year 's world cup was a ` disaster ' for brazil . click here for all the latest brazil news .
adam prowse , 34 , of torquay , was captured on camera dancing to a series of songs from michael jackson 's do n't stop 'til you get enough to pharrel williams ' happy . the royal mail worker has been dubbed ` the happiest postman in the world ' .
footage was captured in santa barbara , california by video maker scott kaiser . he filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water . before it began lifting its head all the way back and opening its mouth extremely wide to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak .
the ancient tuscan settlement , based 40 miles south east of genoa , is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown . a number of historical earthquakes , including one in 1887 that measured 6.7 on the richter scale , caused severe damage to the settlement 's infrastructure . today the town is considered to be the most famous abandoned location in italy and folklore suggests that the area is haunted .
the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school , la llotja . tribute will be dedicated exclusively to the new york director , who picked barcelona for the setting of his oscar winning film , vicky cristina barcelona . mediapro group are behind the project , headed up by personal friend of allen , jaume roures , who also produced three of his films .
tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section . the whole 37km route will be open until november but tourists can walk the walled wonder until it starts to melt in summer .
researchers from the university of alberta in canada claim to have settled the debate once and for all . their study finds the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones .
patrick miller and his friend damien rigden created the video . the three-and-a-half minute video offers a glimpse into every traveller 's nightmare . the deep end of the swimming pool was filled with green sludge , dead insects and debris . patrick said he allowed damien to book the room , and they thought they would be staying at a four-star hotel for three nights .
the fort on st catherine 's island can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide , which happens for only six hours per day . developer peter prosser wants to make the island accessible to sightseers in order for them to explore the fort . currently , the fort , built in 1867 , and also for visitors to experience the stunning views .
an inebriated chinese passenger wandered into a train station in his home country and fell asleep on the conveyor . officials at rome 's fiumicino airport decided to release the images as a warning to others not to do similar . when the machine started working the man was taken through the x-ray scanner .
the cafe is based in moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets when they go for a cup of tea . all of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped . customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview .
dog named teeny is captured on video opposite eric ko -- a trainer with over ten years ' experience -- of the dogaroo centre in hong kong . the pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively and wait for the trainer 's command before getting into position . eric says ` three ' and ` four ' and the dog reaches out to high-five him with both paws .
former england rugby captain lewis moody was forced to make an emergency landing in the arctic on saturday . the 36-year-old is undertaking a 100km trek to the north pole to raise # 250,000 for charity . his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident .
the lion got its head stuck in a feeding barrel at a zoo in the netherlands . visitors to the zoo can be heard laughing hysterically while the lion tries to flick the barrel from its head as the other lions chase after it . but the animal is unable to free its head and the other two lions walk around looking perplexed .
jeff randl , who travels to switzerland to compete in xtreme verbier , is a blonde , mop-haired snowboarder who tells the camera he has travelled from lake forest , california to ` sweden ' . scenes show jeff smoking a ` joint ' while travelling up the mountain on a gondola , saying ` excuse me , i 'm american ' as he pushes his way past other skiers or snowboarders , and barrelling down
steven sloan , joined by friends michael niccum and eugene dight , were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of anderson island , washington . the group on the boat cheer and yell in excitement at what they are witnessing as the whales appear to start moving closer to the boat .
turia pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she competed in an ultra-marathon in kimberley in september 2011 . the 27-year-old said just the smell from a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours . she also revealed she ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured .
michael carrick has made nine competitive starts for england . carrick played against ecuador in the 2006 world cup , in which england were saved by a david beckham free-kick , and was then dropped and replaced by the more energetic owen hargreaves for the quarter-final with portugal . england have won just four competitive matches when carrick started , including against poland and lithuania .
the fa announced this week that england are pulling out of the home nations international under 16 tournament with immediate effect . it is understood this surprise move has been prompted by sky allegedly withdrawing their title sponsorship as well as reducing live coverage . sky say their recommendations would have raised the profile of an historic competition that first took place in 1925 .
ecb chairman colin graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for england . it is understood the ecb , who say there will be a proper recruitment procedure , do n't want any publicity about the job specification . but the cricket director will have the main say over coach and captain and set the overall playing strategy .
premier league clubs are now so wealthy through their tv deals that they can afford to turn down a title sponsorship worth # 45million a year . guinness offered the top flight a huge deal of # 135m over three years , a # 5m-a-year increase on the payments from barclays , whose 15-year partnership with the premier league will finish at the end of next season . but the clubs awash with over # 5billion from domestic tv rights alone rejected the bid from
steve peters will play a key role in keeping jonathan trott focused in the caribbean . trott has made a nightmare return to the test side 18 months since situational anxieties saw him quit the ashes tour . it is understood that trott is having regular skype sessions with peters from the team hotel .
ecb are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed paul downton . alec stewart admitted he has had no contact with the ecb over the role of england cricket director . the main problem is that the job description has yet to be fixed .
ukip will be counting on england batting coach graham thorpe voting for them in next month 's general election . thorpe revealed he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago . former surrey left-hander now wants to find out more about their policies , which are due to be published this week .
england cricket team 's involvement with allen stanford has been defended by sir curtly ambrose . ambrose never spoke to the media during his playing career but launched his aptly titled autobiography time to talk on the eve of the west indies-england series . the great fast bowler was one of the stars , along with sir viv richardson and richie richie .
giles clarke confronted guest speaker ehsan mani and sportsmail 's lawrence booth during the wisden almanack launch . clarke arrived upset that the new ecb regime had just sacked his england managing director appointment , paul downton , whom he had rashly called a ` man of great judgment ' .
marina granovskaia is a chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in english football as the club 's transfer and contract negotiator . she is also abramovich 's day-to-day link with his football team . the club are known to be keen for a fresh voice to be heard from their hierarchy following the departure of ceo ron gourlay .
alex oxlade-chamberlain 's father is acting as his representative since alex split from impact sports management . calum chambers is on the books of cassius sports management , whose head of talent id is his stepfather steve moss . danny welbeck is looked after by his brothers chris and wayne .
qpr face football league fines of up to # 50million for multiple breaches of financial fair play regulations . football league board member jim rodwell 's departure from notts county to become chief executive of scunthorpe has created the need for an election for a league one representative . league one clubs have been informed that there are two nominations for the vacant seat -- rodwell and former manchester united director maurice watkins , now chairman of barnsley .
sky sports will pay # 11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016 . overlord barney francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - ` fit for the future ' . sky claim the strategy talk - rather than plain cost cutting - was preparing the station for the varied demands of a multi-platform future .
jose mourinho has issued a gentle warning to chelsea 's next generation . the under 19s won the uefa youth league last week . ruben loftus-cheek has been part of the first-team at stamford bridge . the 19-year-old is set to get his chance next season .
arsenal have won 15 wins from 17 games since new year 's day . arsene wenger and the players felt they had no hope of winning the title . the gunners were sixth in the table , 13 points behind leaders chelsea . but this is classic wenger is n't it .
louis van gaal has identified michael carrick and wayne rooney as two of his most bright players . united have a eight-point cushion over liverpool and are in good shape to make the champions league . rooney showed plenty of intelligence to turn and volley home united 's second goal on saturday .
raheem sterling is earning less than half of what mario balotelli is on . liverpool have made some poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts since luis suarez departed . sterling 's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
michael carrick has a 100 per cent record with england at the world cup . he 's only ever played in one game at the tournament , and england went out . wayne rooney said carrick was the ` best player on the pitch by a mile ' . carrick 's achievements with manchester united dominated domestically .
frank lampard 's infamous ` ghost ' goal against germany in the 2010 world cup finally brought matters to a head . celtic striker leigh griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of josh meekings . fifa relented two years later with the system fully operational last year in brazil .
celtic lost 1-0 to dundee in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . ronny deila 's side are currently five points ahead of aberdeen . celtic travel to dens park to take on an always-dangerous dutch side .
celtic lost 3-2 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . the hoops were left outraged by referee steven mclean 's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the box . the parkhead outfit have written to the fa in order to gain an ` understanding ' of the refereeing decisions .
inverness defender gary warren will miss the scottish cup final . warren picked up his second yellow card for this challenge on celtic 's james forrest during the semi-final . the 30-year-old also missed last year 's league cup final for the same reason .
peter moores forced to defend his captain with alastair cook badly needing runs and wins in the last two tests of the series to stop the mood for change in english cricket . moores remains steadfast in his backing for cook and is adamant he will turn things round in grenada on tuesday .
captain alastair cook says england will leave antigua with ' a bit of a downer on ' . the tourists were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch at the sir vivian richards stadium , as well as a name-making century from all-rounder jason holder . cook did everything in his power to force the issue , rotating his bowlers , tinkering with fields and leaving close catchers in place from first ball to last .
jason holder repelled everything that anderson and co could hurl at him to make his maiden test century at no 8 . west indies captain denesh ramdin edged anderson to his great friend alastair cook at slip . anderson has had ups and downs since claiming zimbabwe 's mark vermeulen as his first test victim 12 years ago .
aston villa manager tim sherwood gave jack grealish his first premier league start against queens park rangers a fortnight ago . the 19-year-old midfielder had a hand in christian benteke 's equaliser and then set up fabian delph 's winner . sherwood kept faith with the midfielder after handing him his first start .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup final at villa park . christian benteke struck the equaliser in the 36th minute . tim sherwood 's charges will return to wembley to face holders arsenal . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
raheem sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with jordon ibe earlier this season . liverpool boss brendan rodgers has n't disciplined sterling or ibe . sterling will lead liverpool 's line at wembley on sunday in the absence of the injured daniel sturridge .
liverpool were knocked out of the fa cup semi-final by aston villa . mario balotelli had the ball in the net only to see the linesman unfairly flag for offside . brendan rodgers believes a ` very poor decision ' was made by michael oliver .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 at the parc des princes . luis suarez was the star man for barcelona and scored a brilliant second-half double to put them in control . gregory van der wiel -lrb- 5.5 -rrb- and david luiz been fit to play the full game .
juan mata was substituted by jose mourinho at stamford bridge . mata had scored and inspired united to 4-2 win over manchester city . the spaniard is performing at the peak of his powers in the premier league . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
england are in danger of losing their fourth champions league spot in three years . there were no english clubs in the quarter-finals of the europa league either . germany will begin next season with a higher ranking than england . if italian clubs fail to reach finals , a repeat of this season would see them overtake england in third place next season .
manchester united host chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal 's side have won four on the spin in which angel di maria has not started . sportsmail asks 10 key questions ahead of this weekend 's big match . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
jose mourinho has said diego costa 's recovery is going well . costa injured his hamstring in the 2-1 home win over stoke city on april 4 . chelsea currently enjoy a seven-point lead in the premier league . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
jose mourinho believes manchester united 's injury crisis does not weaken their team as they head to chelsea for tomorrow 's title clash . louis van gaal is without marcos rojo , phil jones , michael carrick and daley blind at stamford bridge . united boss responded by listing their lavish squad .
manchester united face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . michael carrick and daley blind were two of four manchester united players ruled out of the clash . louis van gaal described it as ` the worst scenario ' . jonny evans will also miss the trip to the premier league leaders .
jurgen klopp is to step down as borussia dortmund manager this summer . the 47-year-old german will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely . klopp and dortmund chief executive hans-joachim watzke confirmed in a press conference he is to leave at the end of june .
manchester city and chelsea are set to battle it out for aaron cresswell . the 25-year-old left-back has impressed during his first season in the premier league since leaving ipswich last summer . manchester city also want liverpool contract rebel raheem sterling .
joel ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal at crystal palace . the 25-year-old has played every minute of palace 's premier league campaign this season , playing every minute in the premier league . ward has been a mainstay at the club until the summer of 2018 .
barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league semi-final . edinson cavani will be hoping to fire barcelona into the semi-finals . psg have been stripped of two key players , zlatan ibrahimovic and marco veratti . cavani has a towering reputation in the game stemming from three prolific seasons in naples .
nico rosberg complained about lewis hamilton after the chinese grand prix . mercedes team-mate hamilton finished second , a place ahead of sebastian vettel . hamilton said he acted ` selfishly ' in slowing down to such an extent that he could have been caught by seb hamilton .
niki lauda is fully expecting nico rosberg to turn ` nasty ' at some stage . hamilton spearheaded a mercedes one-two at the shanghai international circuit . the german and team-mate lewis hamilton claimed his fourth chinese grand prix victory and the 35th overall of his formula one career .
lewis hamilton controlled the race in shanghai to seal his second victory in three races and extend his lead at the summit of the formula one world championship . but rosberg was furious with his mercedes team-mate , accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from sebastian vettel .
renault managing director cyril abiteboul can understand red bull owner dietrich mateschitz 's frustrations . renault suffered two blown engines as first red bull 's daniil kvyat was forced out of the race , followed late on by toro rosso 's max verstappen . it was yet further embarrassment for renault who are under pressure to perform after renault raised their game .
vincent kompany says his mum stopped him moving to manchester united when he was just 17-years-old . the belgian international broke into anderlecht 's first team at a young age and was highly-coveted . he has insisted his team-mates produce a high-quality performance as they bid to win a fifth consecutive derby .
manchester city players will lose # 500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . the premier league title holders give star players like sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay requirements . city are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals liverpool after defeat in the manchester derby .
chelsea beat qpr 1-0 at loftus road in the premier league on sunday . cesc fabregas opened the scoring for the blues in the 88th minute . eden hazard and oscar secured all three points for the hosts . jose mourinho 's side are within inches of the silverware .
cesc fabregas wore a protective face mask on sunday as he scored the winning goal in chelsea 's 1-0 victory over qpr . having broken his nose last week , the spaniard netted with just two minutes to go following a poor clearance from qpr goalkeeper rob green . the protective mask was branded with fabras ' initial and squad number for the premier league clash .
toby alderweireld has been in superb form for southampton since joining on loan from atletico madrid . the 26-year-old has attracted interest from manchester city and tottenham . ronald koeman 's side have the option to make the deal permanent for just # 6.8 million .
manchester united beat aston villa 1-0 in the ` mini-derby ' on sunday . callum gribbin was the matchwinner for united with a free-kick . paul mcguinness saw his side claim victory in the mini derby . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
richie benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native australia and for the bbc . he took 248 test wickets and hit 2,201 runs , with three centuries , and reclaimed the ashes . benaud , 84 , died last night aged 84 , aged 84 .
australian prime minister tony abbott has offered richie benaud 's family a state funeral . benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native australia and for the bbc . he died on wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer .
richie benaud , one of cricket 's great personalities , has died at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer . benaud was on hand to talk viewers through shane warne 's first test delivery for australia in the 1993 ashes , which turned out to be a stunning dismissal of mike gatting . here sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career .
richie benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge . he won 63 test caps between january 1952 and february 1964 , collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin -lrb- at a very good average of 27 -rrb- and scoring 2,201 runs at 24 . benaud also penned a regular column for the news of the world .
shane warne hailed richie benaud as the ` godfather of cricket ' . the former australia captain and broadcaster died at the age of 84 . benaud was a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 tests while never losing a series in charge of his country .
michael vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the newly created role of director of england cricket . the 2005 ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the three-man shortlist compiled by the ecb at thursday 's management board meeting . andrew strauss and alec stewart have both registered their interest .
kevin pietersen has been named in surrey 's 13-man squad for the three-day warm-up against an oxford university side . the 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by england after last year 's ashes whitewash defeat . the south african-born batsman hopes to add to his 104 test caps and much-storied international career .
james faulkner has signed a deal to join lancashire for the bulk of this summer . the australia all-rounder will arrive after his indian premier league commitments to replace compatriot peter siddle . faulner was named man of the match as his country beat new zealand to win the world cup last month .
jacques burger will be available to play in saracens ' european champions cup semi-final against clermont auvergne on april 18 . the namibia flanker received a one-week ban after he appeared at a disciplinary hearing on thursday . burger had been cited by the match commissioner for striking racing metro scrum-half maxime machenaud during last weekend 's champions cup quarter-final victory in paris .
owen farrell is hoping to be fit for saracens ' champions cup semi-final clash against clermont auvergne on april 18 . the sarries international suffered a knee ligament injury against the same opponents in january . farrell missed the entire rbs 6 nations campaign as a result .
elliot daly has been named the aviva premiership 's player of the month . the 22-year-old scored two tries in march as the wasps maintained on course for a champions cup spot next season . wasps director of rugby dai young said daly is the type of player you 've got to have in the team so i 'd certainly like to think he 's pushing for a place in the squad .
harry kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ` best week of my life ' . the tottenham striker led out his side for the first time in draw with burnley on easter sunday . kane scored within seconds of his england debut against lithuania .
newcastle lost 3-0 at everton in the tyne-wear derby on sunday . head coach john carver said he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve . neville was scathing in his assessment of newcastle a fortnight ago . he said the performance hurts more than the result .
adam johnson , 27 , accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming . the sunderland winger was arrested seven weeks ago and learnt his fate during an arranged appointment at peterlee police station , durham . johnson was told of the charges he will face during a 20-minute meeting with detectives .
australian doctor tareq kamleh has been hailed the ` new face ' of the latest islamic state propaganda videos . the blue-eyed doctor , identified as abu yusuf , called on foreign medics to travel to the isis stronghold in raqqa to help launch the ishs . it was revealed he completed his medical degree at adelaide university . he reportedly worked as a paediatric registrar at the adelaide women 's and children 's hospital
xherdan shaqiri joined inter milan from bayern munich in january . the 23-year-old made a fine start to his inter career but has tailed off . roberto mancini insists that reports inter are looking to offload the attacking midfielder at the end of the season .
real madrid and juventus make up six of the last eight teams remaining in both european competitions . juventus ' semi-final with real madrid has been likened to ` star wars ' complete with cristiano ronaldo and mauro icardi brandishing lightsabers . corriere dello sport confidently claim it 's ` mission possible ' .
tito vilanova died aged 45 on april 25 last year after a long battle with cancer . the former barcelona coach played an integral part in its most successful era . he was pep guardiola 's assistant during a golden spell for the club when they won three la liga titles and two champions league trophies from 2008-12 .
flight from milan to istanbul made an emergency landing at ataturk airport after its engine caught fire . it 's the latest in a series of incidents that have forced the carrier to divert or recall flights . one passenger took a photo of the severely damaged wing from their seat , and the airbus a320 aircraft 's passengers were evacuated safely .
mwita srivastava , of allahabad , currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india . her hair now stands at 7ft -lrb- 2.1 m -rrb- -- more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player .
a 12-year-old schoolboy needed to be rescued after falling down an eight-foot drain in peterborough , cambridgeshire . it is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position on monday afternoon . firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free the boy .
gareth barry has advised his everton team-mate ross barkley against moving to manchester city at this young stage of his career . barry spent four seasons at city before being found surplus to requirements . the 21-year-old midfielder believes the youngster he mentors daily can achieve anything he wants in the game .
ronnie o'sullivan has appeared as a guest on the bbc show in the past . the five-time world snooker champion is looking for another title this week . he admits he would love to be the presenter of top gear . the interview will take place at the crucible on saturday .
eden hazard is poised to win pfa player of the year as chelsea storm towards the premier league title . gary neville says cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are ` in outer space ' by comparison to other players . hazard is on par with arjen robben , thomas muller , neymar , gareth bale and james rodriguez .
ashley young believes manchester united will be challenging for the premier league title once more next season . the 29-year-old has played a prominent role for united this season . united currently sit third in the table this term - 11 points behind chelsea . young believes that after a slow start under louis van gaal the fruits of his labour are finally paying off .
pm claimed to be a west ham supporter despite supporting aston villa . he said : ` you can support man utd , the west indies and team gb all at the same time - of course i 'd rather you supported west ham ' . tory leader has since apologised , blaming a bout of ` brain fade ' .
diego costa has not featured for chelsea since april 4 injury . jose mourinho said he would make a late decision on costa 's fitness . costa is not even likely to make the bench for sunday 's top-of-the-table clash with leicester .
ann price was the owner of ann 's snack bar in atlanta . back in 2007 , the wall street journal named her signature ` ghetto burger ' . price was known for her no-swearing policy and care in cooking up every plate of burger and fries herself . funeral services will be held at gregory b. levett and sons funeral home .
jack grealish could end up playing for republic of ireland against england in june . the 19-year-old has met ireland manager martin o'neill and held a friendly chat with roy keane after winning the country 's under-21 player of the year award in dublin last month . that is due to a fifa ruling stating friendly match appearances do not commit a player to one country .
maria sharapova was joined by players including ana ivanovic , caroline wozniacki , sabine lisicki , and angelique kerber ahead of their opening matches at the clay court tournament in stuttgart . world no 1 serena williams was the highest profile absentee .
brazilian ronaldo and zinedine zidane took part in the 12th annual match against poverty in the french city of saint-etienne . clarence seedorf , fabian barthez , jay-jay okocha and gianluca zambrotta were joined by a host of former greats . the former inter milan and real madrid frontman showed he 's still got it as he vies for the ball with torpe svar
chelsea drew 1-1 with arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday . david ospina was lucky not to concede a penalty after clattering into oscar . hector bellerin was preferred to fit again mathieu debuchy and justified his manager 's faith . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
eugenie bouchard refused to shake the hand of romanian opponent alexandra dulgheru before fed cup match at the weekend . romania 's world number three simona halep weighed in by casting aspersions about the kind of upbringing she has had .
manchester united players wayne rooney and david de gea made the time to meet some sick supporters alongside manager louis van gaal on monday . the trio , along with other squad members such as ashley young and michael carrick , met the fans at their training complex as part of the manchester united foundation ` dream day ' . the fans who made it to the training ground were clearly overjoyed to have the opportunity to meet rooney , captain for the club and eng
liverpool 's sponsorship agreement with standard chartered bank has been extended for three years . it was announced on tuesday that the partnership will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season . this being the fifth season the company 's logo has appeared on the team 's shirts .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history . both made sure they spent time with those closest to them over the weekend . mayweather was joined in los angeles by his ever-expanding family ; the couple recently purchased a mansion in beverly hills for # 8.4 million .
west ham 's season tickets will cost as little as # 289 when they move to the olympic stadium in stratford . co-chairmen david gold and david sullivan are using the boost of the enhanced television revenue to pass on savings to fans . the new tv deal starts in 2016 after sky and bt agreed to pay more than # 5billion for domestic rights .
lewis hamilton is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the british touring car championship for audi . the 30-year-old briton finished ahead of kimi raikkonen to claim his third win from four races this term . hamilton 's younger sibling nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy .
jack grealish played for aston villa between the ages of 10 and 14 . the 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against liverpool in sunday 's fa cup semi-final . best wore his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits .
video allegedly shot near the capital of sanaa shows 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine . comes after months of conflict which has seen iran-backed houthi rebels fight both the government and the local al qaeda affiliates . last month , isis-related group claimed responsibility for a series of coordinated suicide bomb attacks at two mosques .
the eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material . laura wells designed the line in collaboration with us brand swimsuits for all 's trend range , swimsexy . the line includes one and two-piece suits , with zippers , criss-cross straps , plunging v-necks and high-waisted bottoms .
abby bishop 's life completely changed when she took in her niece zala . zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams . bishop had planned to spend a few years living in europe full-time playing basketball , but she had to adjust her plans .
daley blind posted a picture of his late birthday on instagram . the 25-year-old was given a large self-portrait of himself and father danny . blind has been a key figure for louis van gaal 's side this season . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
david haye , 34 , was stopped by officials on his arrival at dubai international airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced . the boxer also handed over his passport to authorities , and has been unable to leave the united arab emirates - forcing him to miss a mixed martial arts event in birmingham at the weekend .
six chelsea players have been named in the professional footballers ' association premier league team of the year . jose mourinho 's men are on the brink of a first title since 2010 . the entire back four started the season as blues players . john terry and gary cahill joined by branislav ivanovic and ryan bertrand .
javier hernandez scored twice in real madrid 's 4-2 win over celta vigo . the on-loan manchester united striker has scored six goals in eight games . carlo ancelotti says he is focusing on enjoying his football rather than where he will be playing next season .
streaming apps such as periscope and meerkat have raised the realistic prospect that sky and us broadcasters showtime and hbo could miss out on millions if viewers stream the mega-fight between floyd mayweather and many pacquiao . the video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user 's phone . in the us , viewers are being charged between $ 89.99 -lrb- # 59 -rrb- -lrb
andrea pirlo scored a stunning free-kick in juventus ' 2-1 defeat . the midfielder has been at juventus since 2011 , racking up 156 appearances . juve are 14 points clear at the top of the serie a table , but could still win a treble this season .
ronnie o'sullivan found himself in more bother at the betfred world championship after making a rude gesture during his second-round match against matthew stevens . the five-time world champion enjoyed a successful day , firing two rapid centuries in establishing a 12-4 lead , needing just one more in monday 's closing session to reach the quarter-finals . but the warning from marteel could be the end of the matter .
arsenal are third in the premier league , level on points with manchester city . cesc fabregas was booed by large portions of the arsenal supporters upon his return to the emirates . the chelsea midfielder was substituted in the dying moments he was given an applause . click here for arsenal transfer news .
ronnie o'sullivan was forced into borrowing a pair of shoes from a member of the crucible audience during the first round of the world championship . the 39-year-old could now face a fine after breaching snooker 's strict dress code against fellow englishman craig steadman .
footballers past and present took to social media on thursday to celebrate st george 's day . rio ferdinand posted a picture to instagram from his time in the white of england . gary cahill posted a ` proud to be english ' video in association with england rugby .
manchester united lost 3-0 to everton at goodison park on sunday . goals from james mccarthy , john stones and kevin mirallas condemned . louis van gaal admitted he was worried after watching united go through their pre-match warm-up - and those fears were shared by his assistants , ryan giggs and albert stuivenberg .
manchester united lost 3-0 to everton at goodison park on may 2 . louis van gaal said his players could not match everton 's motivation . the dutchman admitted he was worried after watching united go through their pre-match warm-up . van ga gaal 's side are currently fourth in the premier league .
cristiano ronaldo completed his warm-up routine during real madrid 's victory over atletico this week . the portuguese star was ordered to continue preparing for the crucial tie with the rest of carlo ancelotti 's group . the 30-year-old made a dash for the supporter and removed his training shirt .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday . jose mourinho has branded their 11-year wait for the premier league title ` boring ' . chelsea boss heaped special praise on his captain john terry for his ` fantastic ' performance .
franck ribery , mehdi benatia , david alaba and arjen robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines as bayern munich raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time . however the absence of robben and co appeared to make no difference . bayern had just 14 fit players to choose from against porto in the first leg .
wayne rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by everton . the england international was replaced by robin van persie in the 88th minute . united suffered back-to-back league defeats for the first time since van gaal took over as everton climbed into the top half .
uefa have charged bayern munich manager pep guardiola for wearing a t-shirt demanding justice for jorge ` el topo ' lopez who died in a car crash at the world cup . guardiola was sporting the top - which read ` #justiciaparatopo ' - during his pre-match press conference . the message appeared to support a campaign to investigate lopez 's death .
harry kane capped off an ` unreal ' season to land the pfa young player of the year 2015 on sunday . tottenham striker scored 30 goals in all competitions for the club . kane spent time on loan at leyton orient , millwall , norwich city and leicester city before breaking into the first-team under mauricio pochettino .
chelsea were forced to substitute oscar during the derby against arsenal . the brazilian collided with an onrushing david ospina in the 16th minute . it looked as if the arsenal goalkeeper had given away a penalty . referee michael oliver waved away chelsea 's protestation .
chris hala'ufia flattened a streaker and was then sent off for a brutal attack on laurence pearce during saturday 's aviva premiership match . leicester number eight halted pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge and then changed it to red after he had seen him shove pearce 's head into the turf . referee tim wigglesworth showed hala 'ufia a yellow card and then showed him a red card .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao were given a glimpse of the wbc emerald winner 's belt on tuesday . the emerald green , diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by world boxing council president mauricio sulaiman . current wbc light heavyweight champion adonis stevenson was also on hand as the $ 1m creation was put on show .
angelique kerber beat caroline wozniacki 3-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 at the stuttgart grand prix . the german beat top seed maria sharapova and sixth seed ekaterina makarova in previous rounds . kerber comes forward to play the forehand before going on to claim victory on home soil .
arsenal fan tv favourite claude callegari insists the cesc fabregas flag should be taken down from the side of the emirates stadium . the 27-year-old left arsenal for barcelona in 2011 . the spanish midfielder is set to start against his former team on sunday .
england football stars pitted themselves against their rugby counterparts in a st george 's day challenge . alex oxlade-chamberlain and gary cahill took to the field at pennyhill park , bagshot . nowell did hit the crossbar with a nonchalant kick during practice .
tiger woods met up at nike 's headquarters in shanghai where he got to grips with his swing . the 14-time major winner has played just three tournaments so far this year , which included a return to some form at the us masters . woods has confirmed he will tee it up at tpc sawgrass for the tournament often labelled as the ` fifth major ' .
group of chelsea fans stormed arsenal 's emirates stadium this week . labelled themselves the ` c-team ' while wearing jose mourinho , diego costa , didier drogba and cesc fabregas masks to hide their identity . several blue smoke bombs are then released by the practical jokers before they make a swift exit in their white van .
ian poulter is an acupuncture convert who often uses the painful-looking alternative medicine technique to recover from the various strains that come with the sport . the 39-year-old posted an instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck accompanied by the caption : ' i feel like a pin cushion ' . the english golfer has just come off a strong finish at the us masters where successive final rounds of 67 saw him finish tied sixth at augusta .
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney . the 27-year-old bared all to those at the hyland race colours plate in canterbury , austalia as he attempted to ride miss royale to victory . during the final turn in race 1 , shinn stood up on his horse to gain momentum as he tried to overtake leader tommy berry with the finishing line in sight .
the man , known only as jason , uploaded the clip to youtube after his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment . it begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist . he says : ` we have the pliers , they 're going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst with the end of a screwdriver . ' .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night . pep guardiola ripped a hole in his left trouser leg during the match . the spaniard joked after the game : ` i 'll have to buy new ones for the next match ' .
algerian football fans are in for an exciting - if incredibly tense - final few rounds of the season . the current state of the algerian league table sees all 16 teams in with a shout of the championship . last year 's champions usm algier are currently in fifth place but are just four points off the top .
daniel sturridge will miss liverpool 's trip to hull city on tuesday night . liverpool lost 2-1 to manchester united in the premier league on march 22 . brendan rodgers has vowed to do ` what is best ' for the striker . the 25-year-old missed five months with calf and thigh injuries .
george groves will fight badou jack for the wbc world super-middleweight title this summer . the las vegas-based fighter was the underdog for the uic pavilion bout with anthony dirrell unbeaten in his previous 28 fights . groves took to instagram to show off his winning bet on jack to win by a points decision or via a technical one .
floyd mayweather is preparing for the $ 300million mega-fight against manny pacquiao . the boxer invited compatriot adrien broner for a feast at his mansion . broner took to instagram to show off the food on show . chef q has helped the 38-year-old with his strict organic food diet .
didier drogba celebrated playing his part in chelsea 's 1-0 victory over manchester united on saturday night . the ivory coast icon was delighted with how the evening panned out as his team-mates and other members of the world of football and celebrity helped raise a figure that will open a medical clinic in abidjan later this year . christina milian was joined on stage for a night of entertainment in the west end after jose mourinho 's side
aston villa beat liverpool 1-0 at wembley on sunday afternoon . steven gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending . the liverpool captain was deployed in a number of different roles . brendan rodgers must take the blame for his team 's poor form .
brendan rodgers insists liverpool 's transfer ambitions will not be compromised by their inability to offer champions league football . liverpool were given permission by psv eindhoven to hold with memphis depay . paris st germain have also spoken to the 21-year-old .
manchester united lost 2-0 to everton at goodison park on sunday . louis van gaal 's side have now been knocked out of the premier league . mccarthy scored a superb header to put everton ahead in the fifth minute . kevin mirallas slots home a brilliant display of counter-attacking football .
david beckham , wife victoria and their two other sons brooklyn and cruz were there to cheer on romeo . it is the same three mile course where mo farah and triathlon champions alistair and jonny brownlee kick started their careers . beckham cried for the final ten minutes of his professional football career .
john terry has warned arsenal they will not win the league playing ` tippy-tappy football ' . the chelsea captain admitted jose mourinho changed the way the league leaders approached games after christmas . terry was one of the players of the match at the emirates .
the mgm grand expect 50,000 people each day to pass through for friday 's weigh-in and saturday 's fight . the hotel resort on the las vegas strip will host the biggest boxing contest ever on saturday night . a convoy of trucks is already delivering the first consignments of half a million bottles of budweiser , miller lite , corona and tecate .
jose mourinho watched fulham under 21s lose 3-0 to porto u21s . chelsea boss was pitchside as he visited motspur park with son jose junior . fulham face real madrid in champions league quarter-final second leg on wednesday .
edinson cavani visited the animal sanctuary he visited after barcelona 's 2-0 second-leg defeat to barcelona . the uruguayan has struggled in the shadow of zlatan ibrahimovic during his time in the french capital . cavani has registered 18 goals for the ligue 1 side this season .
steven thompson accidentally speared john mcginn with a pole in training . the scotland under 21 striker will miss the rest of the season . gary teale 's first-team squad were doing a dribbling drill on thursday . the striker is believed to have given his win bonus to his stricken team-mate .
paula radcliffe set the world record of 2:15.25 in the london marathon in april 2003 . radcliffe recorded her third and final victory over the 26.2 mile course from blackheath to the mall . the 41-year-old said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive marathon .
bayern munich legend franz beckenbauer believes jurgen klopp could succeed pep guardiola at the allianz arena . klopp won two bundesliga titles in seven seasons with borussia dortmund . the 47-year-old has already announced that he will leave in the summer .
liverpool fans will stage a protest on tuesday night against the mounting costs of tickets in the barclays premier league . the die-hard contingent of fans who travel the length and breadth of the country to watch brendan rodgers ' side are staying away from the kc stadium . last season , the same seats were sold for # 35 . that price has caused outrage , given that stoke fans were charged # 16 for tickets when they went to hull in august and evertonians
thomas muller scored the fourth goal of bayern munich 's 6-1 demolition of porto in the second leg of the champions league quarter-final . the germany international uses a megaphone to stir up the fans that remained after the final whistle . muller is the highest-scoring german since the tournament took its current shape in 1992 .
the highly-anticipated movie premiered at westfield london on tuesday evening with fans queuing up to see the a-list cast which includes robert downey jr. , chris hemsworth and scarlett johansson . haskell returned to wasps for the 2012 season after spells with stade francais , ricoh black rams and highlanders in new zealand .
andy carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during west ham 's 0-0 draw with southampton and wo n't be available for the rest of the season . the 26-year-old has been plagued with injuries since joining west ham permanently in 2013 . west ham could do with having the striker right now , having only won one in their last 11 and their early european hopes dashed .
the ibf , wba and wbo king ended his seven-year american hiatus by clearly out-pointing bryant jennings at madison square garden on saturday night . it was not the dazzling new york display he had promised on his stateside return . but klitschko has confirmed that fury will be his next opponent .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao were in las vegas for jimmy kimmel live . carey watched from ringside as mayweather beat shame mosley in 2010 . mayweather will make the short trip from his gym to the mgm grand next week . click here for all the latest boxing news .
schumacher junior will start 19th in the 38-car grid in saturday 's first race , and will take part in two more races on sunday . the 16-year-old is part of the dutch van amersfoort racing team in the 2015 adac formula 4 series after impressing during his karting career .
manchester city striker sergio aguero and marco reus went head-to-head in an exciting clash to launch the new puma evospeed 1.3 . the square pitch had four different goals that opened and closed to make it harder for the players to meet every day in training . reus has been heavily linked with a move away from dortmund .
john terry , jose mourinho 's side have proved once again that a solid back four is the bedrock of any premier league title challenge . from the meanest to the most successful , sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in premier league history . tony adams , steve bould , nigel winterburn and lee dixon celebrate the title .
rory mcilroy is preparing to arm wrestle 17-year-old brad dalke . the world no 1 is a guest at a junior invitational at the sage valley golf club in graniteville , south carolina , sponsored by nike . oklahoma university hopes he was n't serious having had the prodigy lined up via a verbal agreement to play for them since he was just 12 years old .
john terry has made just 14 appearances for chelsea this season . the 34-year-old is on course to appear in all 38 premier league games . rafa benitez believed terry could n't play two games in a week . the spaniard has played a part in each of their 33 games so far .
javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as real madrid kept up their pursuit of barcelona at the top of la liga . chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of lionel messi who nets once every 81 minutes . manchester united loanee put his team in the champions league semi-finals in midweek with the winner against atletico madrid and in baliados on sunday
real madrid beat celta vigo 4-2 in the la liga on sunday night . javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts for los blancos . manchester united loanee chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
gerard pique and shakira were in the stands as kei nishikori was crowned barcelona open champion for the second consecutive year . it was the ninth career title for the top-seeded japanese , who again showed his improved endurance as he battled to come out on top against the world number 66 .
ea sports team of the year was unveiled on sunday night at the grosvenor house hotel in london . sergio aguero , eden hazard , diego costa , gary cahill and nemanja matic were included in the ea sports team . the system measures a player 's contribution to the success of his team . agregas has scored one more than harry kane in the premier league this term .
eden hazard , diego costa , john terry , gary cahill , nemanja matic and branislav ivanovic feature in this year 's team . hazard was named the pfa player of the year on sunday after becoming the poster-boy for chelsea 's push for their first premier league title since 2010 . the belgium winger has eight to his name but missed his hat-trick .
bafetimbi gomis has been using his spell on the sidelines to spend time with his family in lyon . the french forward suffered the injury during swansea 's 1-1 premier league draw with everton earlier this month . scans revealed a grade two hamstring tear that should keep the 29-year-old out for between three and four weeks .
manchester united manager louis van gaal has been given the green light to make gareth bale his top summer transfer target . the dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses at the biannual manchester foundation dream day . moshin tanveer - who suffers from duchenne muscular dystrophy - used the special occasion to provide the former holland boss with a star-studded cast of europe 's top property .
thierry henry was speaking after arsenal 's goalless draw with chelsea . the frenchman believes arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the premier league . henry also hit out at olivier giroud by claiming the gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club 's first choice striker .
online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of pacquiao t-shirts , boxing gloves , figurines , caps and jackets . buyers stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if manny wins what is the highest grossing bout in history . prices of the megafight , which took five years to arrange , have also risen at least 50 per cent .
the pink top , # 125 , sandals , # 145 , russellandbromley.co.uk . aurora crystal earrings , # 54 , qvcuk.com . skinny belt , # 69.99 , elliotrhodes.com , # 59.95 .
the usa women 's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the world cup hosted by canada in june . the strips have caused a bit of stir across the pond , because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red , white and blue . striker alex morgan hailed nike 's design as innovative .
ivan rakitic shared a picture with his 425,000 instagram followers . the barcelona playmaker has been an integral part of barcelona 's team since signing from sevilla in june . barcelona face madrid , juventus or bayern munich in the champions league semi-final .
jose mourinho 's decision to leave didier drogba on the bench until the start of the second half was another tactical masterclass . chelsea 's manager is staying true to the game because the end result will be a fourth barclays premier league title for this football club . to start without a striker , to ignore the collective groans around the country by starting willian in a deeply withdrawn role behind hazard and oscar , was a statement of intent . to start
new research by the mail on sunday has shown just how much the oil-rich middle east state spent on deals -- including legitimate trade deals . qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the usa in the executive committee ballot . much of this outlay was on goods and services for qatar -- including aerospace orders , a football club , sponsorship agreements , land and general exposure .
adam federici left the pitch in tears after fumbling alexis sanchez 's effort to give arsenal a 2-1 victory in saturday 's fa cup semi final . federici is due to marry girlfriend micaela gardner on the same weekend . the 30-year-old apologised to fans for his error after the game .
manchester united have been linked with edinson cavani . the uruguayan striker has struggled at manchester united this season . louis van gaal prefers to work with young talent he can mould into his type of player . radamel falcao 's nightmare loan spell will have made the club 's dutch manager wary of seemingly-fading south americans .
manny pacquiao appeared in a hilarious commercial for foot locker . the filipino stole the show in an advertisement for the american sportswear company back in november . he assumed two fellow gym members were talking about a fight between himself and floyd mayweather when they said they wanted it and foot locker made it happen .
aston villa beat liverpool 4-1 in the fa cup semi-final first leg . philippe coutinho fired liverpool into the lead with a smart chip . chrisitan benteke equalised for aston villa with a solo effort . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
apple claims its watch , which has an ion-x glass display , is ` protected by a lightweight aluminosilicate glass that 's especially resistant to scratches and impact ' . in a video , techrax drops the 42mm timepiece from a height of four feet -lrb- 1.2 metres -rrb- to simulate what may happen if a wearer drops their watch while tightening or unfastening the strap . however , when the timepiece hit the pavement first , the screen
new england patriots beat seattle seahawks 28-24 to win super bowl xlix . president barack obama welcomed the patriots to the white house on thursday . patriots spokesman said ` prior family commitments ' were the reason why brady did n't attend the visit .
branislav ivanovic , gary cahill , john terry and cesar azpilicueta are three of jose mourinho 's settled back seven . mario balotelli 's first start in a premier league game since the 2-1 defeat by chelsea in november was as frustrating as all the ones that went before . the italian produced only one off-target shot at goal before getting hooked after 75 minutes . mauricio
watford beat brighton 2-0 in the premier league on saturday . slavisa jokanovic 's men were hoping that middlesbrough lost plus norwich . both results came in during a sensational final five minutes . tommie hoban has called the club 's promotion an ` unbelievable achievement ' .
xavi came on as a half-time substitute against psg on tuesday night . the former spain international played for 148th time in the competition . xavi also set the record for the most appearances in the knockout phase of the champions league having featured in 53 matches in the latter stages .
ea sports ' new game rory mcilroy pga tour is due out in the shops on july 16 . courses such as tpc sawgrass also affect how your shots are played . the game offers multiple ways to play , including arcade controls where the left stick is used to control power and accuracy .
the f1 world champion was spotted on the rome set for the comedy sequel , in a scene that looked like ben stiller 's male model was taking part in a catwalk show with owen wilson 's hansel . hamilton was sat front row with olivia munn and busily chatting in between takes on friday evening .
the fir park side are set to win powerful backing for their revolt from championship promotion challengers rangers and hibernian . under existing rules the spfl are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs . motherwell general manager alan burrows told sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish 11th .
manchester city have told jason denayer they want him to spend next season on loan in the english championship . the belgian defender has been in impressive form for celtic since joining the club . deila faces the prospect of losing both of his centre-halves before the champions league qualifiers begin in july .
rail gate at border field state park in california was temporarily opened on sunday . it was put in place in honor of children 's day , a mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family . two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years .
just 25 per cent of voters think ed miliband ` comes across as wanting to win the most ' , compared to 43 per cent who believe he wants to win most . but only 25 per per cent thought mr cameron was hungriest for the job , and 13 per cent said neither of them .
queen karen danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in parliament like them . the glamorous labour councillor said parliament needed people like her ` to bring it back down to reality ' . she said she had rebuilt her life after being ` shattered ' as a child .
london borough of barking and dagenham wants dog owners to submit a dna sample from the inside of the animal 's cheek so it is registered on a database . council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets . move is part of efforts from the council to reduce its # 2.3 million annual street cleansing bill .
philip dunning , 44 , from bo ` ness , west lothian , made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours . he went in for his 4am shift at caledonia produce the next day and told his boss he was quitting .
the 35-year-old actor posted the tweet on his verified twitter account . it came a day after chris o'dowd and his wife , dawn o'porter , attended an event . the bridesmaids star expressed his frustration with staff , who also threw out the child 's bottle .
saskia 's football fan boyfriend made her take an arsenal test . the test took the form of a school exam , with multiple choice questions , tables to complete , and ` in your own words ' section . there were even ` helpful ' instructions including ` read every question at least twice ' and ` check your answers if you have time at the end ' .
kate and gerry mccann have reportedly been awarded # 360,000 in damages . ex-portuguese detective goncalo amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter madeleine 's disappearance . he later took part in a documentary for portuguese television in which he claimed that there had been no abduction .
ronald butcher , a ` private and quiet man ' , bequeathed his entire # 500,000 fortune to daniel sharp after he died in march 2013 . but his relatives and family friends insist the will , made just two months before his death , is invalid and say the builder is lying about his friendship with mr butcher .
ousamn jatta , 45 , married wife beryl , 88 , in gambia 13 years ago . he returned to the uk with her when she became ill with dementia in 2006 . but when he went to pick her up he was told social services had intervened . bristol city council hand over his wife , who has pleaded to return home .
james rodriguez opened the scoring for real madrid with a stunning left-footed volley . the colombian keeper is clipped from 30 yards out and ronaldo is licking his lips . the visitors have completed 184 passes so far today , which is a decent stat given it 's not even half time yet .
indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for the good job that they did . ` all the shots were done perfectly . these executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in january , ' he said .
rodrigo gularte , 42 , asked ` am i being executed ? ' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on nusakambangan island where he and seven other death row inmates were killed . the irish priest appointed to be gularte 's spiritual advisor in his final hours said he talked to gularte for an hour and a half late on tuesday night to prepare him for the executions . but the convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate and
arshdeep kaur and her mother shinder were travelling from their home in punjab , northern india , to visit relatives . a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them . the men grabbed arshdeep and made several attempts to ` molest ' her . instead of defending them , the bus staff joined in the sexual assault .
jeffrey okafor , 24 , is accused of stabbing carl beatson-asiedu to death outside a nightclub in the summer of 2009 . the 19-year-old victim , known as dj charmz , had been leaving the club life nightclub with a group of friends after performing a set when a men approached them . mr beatson asiedu , a francis xavier college student who appeared in cbbc spy show mi high , was stabbed in the buttock
danny alexander releases details of plans to cut child benefit and child tax credits . claims they were drawn up by civil servants on orders of david cameron . but lib dems hit back , claiming mr cameron himself asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits . clash is the worst row between the two former coalition partners .
ronaldo brown has signed for oldham athletic from liverpool . the 16-year-old is named after brazil 's former striker ronaldo . football-mad mum denise , 38 , chose the name because of her love of the brazil side . oldham fans can look forward to one day seeing him strutting his stuff .
ba van nguyen was able to fly a ch-47 chinook , the largest helicopter in the south vietnamese army , with his three young children and wife out of the city and into the south china sea . this after nguyen somehow managed to pilot the helicopter while getting out of his flight suit and jumping into the ocean just seconds before it crashed .
francois hollande has vowed to ` show no mercy ' if french peacekeepers are found guilty of sexual assaulting starving children . fourteen soldiers dispatched to restore order after a 2013 coup have been accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat . the investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday .
pema lama , 15 , was pulled , dazed and dusty , from the rubble of a guesthouse in kathmandu after he became ` pancaked ' between two floors . he was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an iv drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck . his astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother after being rescued from rubble of their house .
five-month-old sonit awal was asleep in his cot upstairs when the quake struck . he was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him . mother rasmila awal , 35 , told mailonline of her ` overwhelming joy ' . she said : ' i am so happy that he is alive ' .
nicola sturgeon faced questions from a studio audience at bbc scotland . scottish first minister talked up chances of being westminster 's king-maker . but a formal deal with the resurgent nationalists remains on the table . comes days after her predecessor alex salmond was caught boasting .
darren stanton , who has become uk 's top human lie detector and body expert , appeared on this morning . he managed to suss out when both philip schofield and amanda holden were fibbing and also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband . he then shared his secrets on the this morning website .
ukip leader said he would not give up trying to pull britain out of eu . but he rejected claims his party would become ` redundant ' as a result . comments come after david cameron , ed miliband and nick clegg faced a live-tv grilling over their plans for the next five years in power .
javier hernandez returned to training with real madrid on tuesday . the 26-year-old has scored five goals in his last six games . real agreed a deal worth around # 15million last summer which allowed him to first loan for the season then buy him outright before other clubs could bid .
carl thompson , 32 , consumed 10,000 calories-a-day by gorging on takeaways . he is confined to the ground floor flat where he lives alone in dover , kent . nhs carers come to bathe him and cook for him every day .
ukip leader will say boatloads of people trying to get to continent could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm . he will warn if eu agrees to give refuge to migrants from north africa , it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to britain .
home secretary theresa may warned lives will be in danger if britain is saddled with a hung parliament unable to pass anti-terror laws . she said new legislation was urgently needed to update powers of mi5 and gchq . but based on current polling , parliament would be left deadlocked with balance of power held by scottish nationalists opposed to updating the law .
nigel farage said anti-english sentiment in scotland was now ` biggest ' form of racism in the uk . h e said mr salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong that ukip is called racist . mr farage addressed supporters at the grand hotel in hartlepool .
stuart mccall has had to get used to his players being booed . lee mcculloch , the rangers captain , was booed for an error that led to a goal against raith rovers . rangers manager hopes that for the time he is manager of rangers .
ipsa chief sir ian kennedy launched bid to keep mps ' receipts private . but court of appeal ruled it must release all copies of receipts and invoices which have been submitted by politicians . case stems from freedom of information request to ipsa in 2010 . but instead of providing the original receipts , ian sent back a typed-up summary of the claims .
ten years ago , bartender liz clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world . the 34-year-old left her home in san diego , california , when she was given a cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels .
germans no longer see the second world war as a defeat and now think of themselves as the victims of the nazis . research carried out by the forsa institute found the number of people who considered the end of the conflict fell to just nine per cent - a 25 per cent drop in the last decade .
kevin morgan , 55 , was injured when a land rover discovery reversed into his stationary rover 75 while he was working in dorset in september 2005 . the married engineer suffered whiplash , which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression . but as his # 600,000 damages claim began at the central london county court , he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers , direct line group .
bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her youtube channel for her visits into the chernobyl exclusion zone , the site of a devastating nuclear explosion 29 years ago . since the disaster the site has been closed off to the world , with ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area is n't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years . despite this , the daredevil researcher claims she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital .
the desert storm in a box office which some thought might pull the plug on the richest fight of all time has blown over . those priceless tickets will be on sale at 8pm on thursday after weeks of wrangling and accusations between mayweather promotions and pacquiao 's promoter bob arum .
emma giffard , 36 , and ollie halls , 37 , bought the cinema for # 1,200 in 2005 . they toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity . now the pair have decided the time has come to sell the bus , which has taken over their lives for more than a decade .
jack wilshere is a talented midfelder at luton town 's academy . the 16-year-old was spotted early by luton 's scouts before arsenal took him to their hale end academy at nine . charlie patino , 11 , and his family must weigh up offers from arsenal , chelsea and tottenham .
players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups attended the annual ` academy day ' at finch farm on tuesday . leon osman , phil jagielka , ross barkley and romelu lukaku were all present to pass on advice to the next generation of talent .
ivan rakitic and his wife raquel mauri are relaxing at the beach . the spanish beauty posted a picture of them taking in some sun , surf and sand . the former hair stylist accompanied the instagram picture with the caption : ` relaxing day with the family ' . lionel messi 's barcelona team-mate confirms he will soon be a father .
floyd mayweather will go head-to-head with manny pacquiao in the fight of the century at the mgm grand on may 2 . motown legend gladys knight posted a picture on twitter with mayweather during a training session . mayweather retweeted the post to his 5.8 million followers and earlier in the day , he thanked knight for watching him in the gym .
jack wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of manchester city this summer . the arsenal midfielder has been forced to miss five months of this season following ankle surgery in november . the 23-year-old was keen to share his staple food requirements with his 891,000 instagram followers .
arsenal duo alex oxlade-chamberlain and kieran gibbs posed for a picture with tyga while taking the rack city artist for a tour of the emirates stadium . tyga has been making headlines during the last few months for dating the youngest kardashian sister - 17-year-old kylie jenner .
lionel messi took to instagram to post a picture of his wife having her stomach kissed by their son , thiago , kissing his wife antonella roccuzzo 's stomach . the couple already know they are due to have a baby boy and have a name for him .
andy murray will be replaced by swede jonas bjorkman in the lead-up to the us open and quite possibly after that , depending on how she assesses her priorities . murray parted company with ivan lendl last year because the czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town . only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters , promoters , television networks showtime and hbo and the mgm grand . one fan , ade adebayo , 34 , from brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week and here he tells us his story and his hopes for the fight .
adnan januzaj turned out for under 21s in the 4-1 victory at fulham . the 20-year-old belgium international was at the crucible to cheer on his friend shaun murphy in his quarter-final against anthony mcgill . the 2005 winner moved a step closer to an elusive second title in sheffield with a 13-8 victory , sealed with a 67 break .
theo walcott has been pictured on a different kind of bench with his team-mates as he was pictured for a photoshoot with calum chambers , jack wilshere , mikel arteta , david ospina , mathieu flamini and mesut ozil . the 26-year-old will be hoping to make his first arsenal start since his side 's 3-0 win over west ham on march 14 . walcott came on for the last six minutes of
marouane fellaini and his twin brother mansour share a glass of bubbly in manchester on tuesday . the brothers were recently the subject of a mix-up involving chelsea boss jose mourinho prior to the blues ' crunch clash with united . fellaini"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
lionel messi , neymar and luis suarez have scored 102 goals this season . messi scored twice in barcelona 's 6-0 demolition of getafe on tuesday . suarez also netted in the nou camp rout to take their culmulative tally to 102 in all competitions .
sir alex ferguson revealed why he rates cristiano ronaldo above lionel messi while speaking to john parrott over a frame of snooker . the former manchester united manager admitted he is always asked ` who is the greatest player in the world ? ' . ferguson has always held a close relationship with real madrid star .
jenson button completed the london marathon with an impressive time of two hours , 52 minutes and 30 seconds . the 35-year-old mclaren driver said he was ` chuffed to bits ' with his performance . button praised the ` amazing atmosphere ' and collective spirit of the runners at the event .
roger federer believes rafael nadal is still the favourite for the french open . nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the barcelona open last week with a third-round defeat by world no 29 fabio fognini . world no 1 djokovic is 30-2 so far this season and became the first man to win the first three masters titles of the year after his triumph in monte carlo .
luis suarez , neymar jnr and lionel messi posed for a picture in the dressing room after dismantling getafe . the brazilian captioned the photo of himself with suarez and messi : ` great victory lads ... come on ! ' . supporters debated whether this was the greatest forward line in the club 's history .
addison russell , 21 , may recall his first game at wrigley field with a sense of horror because he let his bat slip through his fingers in the seventh while he was trying to catch up to a fastball . the bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the cubs ' on-deck circle in the face . the fan suffered ` wounds ' but was conscious and communicative after being hit .
martin odegaard was named among the substitutes for real madrid 's 3-0 win against almeria on wednesday night . the 16-year-old was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game if carlo ancelotti 's side were in a commanding lead against the relegation-threatened club . but the norway international had to sit patiently on the bench as real beat the bernabeu .
lewis hamilton took time out from training ahead of the spanish grand prix next week to go cruising with his younger sibling in shelby cobra . the 23-year-old will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the british touring championship when he competes in the first of five rounds .
chelsea take on leicester city at st george 's park on wednesday . didier drogba has shown he and his team-mates still have the skill to disprove that disparaging tag . the blues are preparing for wednesday night 's trip to leicester . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
robin van persie scored twice as manchester united beat fulham 4-1 . holland striker missed seven matches after injuring his ankle in mid-february . louis van gaal 's side travel to west bromwich albion on saturday . united have won just one of their last seven premier league games .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will face each other on may 2 . the fight is expected to earn at least $ 300million -lrb- # 195m -rrb- . tecate have paid $ 5.6 million to become the official beer and lead ring mat sponsor of the bout .
the bt sport industry awards take place in battersea on thursday . ap mccoy , england midfielder jack wilshere and southampton duo nathaniel clyne and ryan bertrand attended . the awards are held to celebrate and recognise the innovation , talent management and community investment brought through sport .
didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game award . the 37-year-old scored the equaliser against leicester on wednesday . the chelsea forward hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .
daniel sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by kop kids presenter paisley back in february . the 25-year-old then revealed that he was n't a fan of pop group one direction despite posting a picture of himself with louis tomlinson in march .
floyd mayweather fights manny pacquiao on may 2 in las vegas . but no tickets are on sale for the bout , the 16,500-capacity mgm grand arena has the following message on its website . promoter bob arum has blamed mayweather 's side for the lack of tickets .
floyd mayweather is preparing to face manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on may 2 in las vegas . mayweather built a reputation on being brash and flash but was soft-spoken during his conference call . there was sympathy for freddie roach in his battle with parkinson 's disease .
manny pacquiao 's promoter bob arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against floyd mayweather in las vegas in just 10 days have yet to be signed . with the pair finalising their preparations for the fight at the mgm grand on may 2 , top rank promoter arum said the contracts have still not been finalised . tickets for the bout have also yet to go on sale and arum claimed that the draft contract he received on april 15 was not what
scientists at the new jersey institute of technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux ` rope ' taking shape on the sun . the new footage was revealed in a paper in nature communications led by dr haimin wang . they are essentially twisted bundles of magnetic field that extend out of and back into the surface across hundreds of kilometres . the formation of a flux rope can take weeks , but the moment when it is flung into the atmosphere can take just a matter of hours .
the fireball was captured on camera by the united kingdom meteor observing network -lrb- ukmon -rrb- in portadown , county armagh . footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea . it comes after astronomers revealed that they believe a meteor triggered the conversion of biblical figure paul .
audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel - made from water and carbon dioxide . experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as ` blue crude ' , which was then refined into diesel . tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels , or used as a fuel in its own right . audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of german minister of education and research dr j
the technology is based on a technique known as ` neuromodulation ' . electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight . a surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina . when the patient puts on the system 's dark glasses , an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer .
denim designer bettina liano has revealed that she can not afford to pay the australian taxation office the almost $ 130,000 she owes in taxes . ms liano is reportedly being pursued for $ 126,594 in taxes withheld between march and december 2012 , the daily telegraph reported on friday .
patrick priebe built a working iron man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer 's palm . in a video , the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away . he posts videos to youtube as anselmofanzero .
the robots were originally created by walker for a show called ` peepshow ' . the dancers , which cost around # 2,500 to hire , were made out of old car parts . they were designed by british artist giles walker , with their moves controlled by a computer .
chelsea and manchester united are likely to join league champions chelsea in the champions league . only liverpool , tottenham and southampton still within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four . burnley and qpr are losing pace down at the bottom in a scrap against relegation which still involves the entire bottom half of the table .
photographer jessica fulford-dobson created skateistan , a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in afghanistan with education through skateboarding . in 2012 , 40 per cent of the program 's students would be girls . according to feature shoot , when mr. percovich first brought the program to kabul in 2007 , many of the locals had never even heard of it .
researchers subjected lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure . copper inside melted , indicating temperatures of at least 1,085 °c -lrb- 1,985 °f -rrb- , and it caused molten material to stream from the vent . it was filmed by paul shearing from university college london . the findings are published in the journal nature communications .
nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in california . the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees . it means that regular flaps are n't needed - and it is much lighter . in this image , the technology is visible at the flat ` flap at the base of the wing ' . the project is a collaboration between nasa , the air force research laboratory -lrb- afrl -rrb- and flexsys from ann arbor mich
indian doctors at kathmandu 's bir hospital told mail today that packets of ` beef masala ' were sent by pakistan on tuesday as part of relief aid to the temblor survivors . these doctors -- drawn from ram manohar lohia - are members of a 34-member medical team sent to nepal for treating the survivors .
gchq , the government 's listening post , unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from sami al-saadi -- even though the legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules . government communication headquarters -lrb- gchq -rrb- in cheltenham ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications .
the eshima ohashi bridge in japan -- the third largest of its kind in the world -- rises sharply so ships can pass underneath . the two-lane concrete road bridge spans a mile across lake nakaumi , linking the cities of matsue and sakaiminato . the unusual steep bridge was recently featured in a commercial for daihatsu motor co. 's tanto minivan to test the vehicle 's durability .
ian merrett , 28 , was accused of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling poppy smart , 23 , every day for a month . the builder and his colleagues whistled at her every day as she passed their worcester construction site . miss smart , who compared the builder to racial discrimination , eventually filmed them and asked west mercia police to investigate alleged sexual harassment .
kellie maloney is one of the party 's most famous former candidates . she warned ukip supporters should vote tory to keep ed miliband out of power . but she warned how other candidates have given the party a bad image . she said : ` you ca n't knock him ' .
scientists at stanford university school of medicine believe the laboratory-engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours , but also distant metastases that have spread through the body . findings have been hailed a ` tour de force ' , raising hopes the body 's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma , pancreatic , lung and breast cancer .
two window cleaners had a ride of their life after their platform was blown around by high winds . incident took place near the 91st floor of the 101-storey shanghai world financial centre . luckily , the workers only suffered minor injuries from the impact with shards falling on to the street below .
amanda oleander , 25 , is one of the stars of periscope , twitter 's new live broadcasting platform . she has been ` loved ' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched . in a recent broadcast , amanda addressed her audience via her iphone .
chelsea beat manchester city 3-1 in the fa youth cup final on monday . tammy abraham and dominic solanke scored for the blues in the final . the two 17-year-olds are in the form of their young lives . jose mourinho said his first-team squad had space for ` three or four kids ' next season .
celtic are considering a second double raid on dundee united midfielder john souttar and striker nadir ciftci . the tannadice club sparked a row with supporters when they sold star duo stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven to the parkhead club on deadline day in january . jackie mcnamara 's side have won just three of their 14 games since , and lost 3-0 at home to ronny deila
jimmy white 's bid to qualify for this year 's world snooker championship ended on monday as he crashed to defeat by matthew selt . white needed two more wins to reach the main event at the crucible . six-time world champion steve davis suffered a heavy defeat by kurt maflin in his qualifier .
eric gill , james denwood and catherine rush awarded legion d'honneur . aged between 90 and 99 , they are among first of 2,800 living veterans to receive legion of honour in months to come . decision announced by french president francois hollande following last summer 's 70th anniversary celebrations .
manny pacquiao recorded his own song for when he takes to the ring for his fight with floyd mayweather . he is being pursued for # 33m in unpaid taxes but remains a twice-elected and popular congressman . he also has a quiz show called manny many prizes on the gma network .
celtic face falkirk in the scottish cup final on may 30 . the highlanders lost 2-1 to inverness 15 years ago . celtic have won their first major trophy , a mere 21 years since the acrimonious amalgamation which led to their entry to the senior ranks .
johanna basford created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013 . the 32-year-old 's second book enchanted forest has sold over 1.5 million copies . enchanted forest reached number one on the uk amazon book chart at start of april .
at least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a zara clothing store on friday afternoon . the fight broke out at a store location in the city 's rittenhouse square neighborhood . some stood around and watched the fracas unfold , while other pulled out their phones and started recording the action .
the reddit thread asked users to spill the beans on what ` surprised ' them the most when they started living with their spouses . one user described the process of ` ordering ' a bride from russia or the philippines , where thousands of women are desperate to start a new life for themselves in europe and the us . the fee to find a bride this way , according to this user , costs between $ 10,000 -lrb- # 9,800 -rrb- and $ 15
manchester city face chelsea in the fa youth cup final on monday night . both teams are packed with talented players eager to make an impression in front of the tv cameras . city started their campaign with a 2-0 win over oxford united in the third round just before christmas .
chelsea took a commanding 3-1 lead back to west london . dominic solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline . tammy abraham smashes chelsea into the lead with a fierce drive . kjetil haug looked shaky under the high ball .
chelsea beat manchester city 3-1 in the fa youth cup final on monday . tammy abraham opened the scoring with a right-footed shot into the far corner . dominic solanke doubled chelsea 's lead in the second leg with a left-footed strike . abraham is congratulated by his team-mates after the game .
john terry opened the scoring for chelsea with a close-range finish after a scramble in the leicester box . didier drogba doubled the lead in the second half with a powerful header from outside the area . ramires ' goal flew in at an incredible speed of nearly 60 miles per hour - leaving kasper schmeichel in the goal no chance . terry was leading his team-mates in celebrations at full time .
zachariah fike head of vermont-based purple hearts reunited , says the military id belonged to world war ii veteran cpl. william benn , who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach . purple hearts says it will use the money from the military order of the purple heart service foundation to cover the ` purchase or rescue ' of purple heart medals .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao billed as the $ 300million fight of the century , it 's no surprise that its pay-per-view figures look set to blow previous bouts out of the water . in the us , viewers are being charged between $ 89.99 -lrb- # 66 -rrb- and $ 99.99 -""""""""""""""""""""""""""
the gigantic terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres and is set to handle 45million passengers a year . renown british-iraqi architect zaha hadid has collaborated with airport developers adpi to create a six-tier concept . all the passenger pathways will convene in a central multi-layered courtyard , which will be a meeting place for passengers who have travelled from around the globe .
bayern munich lost 1-0 to borussia monchengladbach in the bundesliga . the result means bayern have been crowned champions for 25th time . bayern are 15 points clear at the top of the table with four matches to spare . pep guardiola has his 19th major honour as a coach and fifth league title .
heather mack , 19 , brutally killed her mother sheila von wiese-mack with the help of her boyfriend in august and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale st. regis bali resort . mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years , a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn . australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran have spent the past decade
quiana jeffries , aka chef q , was brought into mayweather 's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast . a regimented diet is crucial to the champion 's training regime . chef q has been cooking for mayweather since his fight for manny pacquaio was announced .
brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , has accused facebook of discrimination after she was prevented from continuing to use her unusual name . with no access to her contacts , photos and messages , happy cloud admits it was a difficult time as she typically posts five or six times a day and has a large network of more than one thousand online friends .
celtic beat rangers 2-0 to win the glasgow cup at hampden park . josh kerr took advantage when the scotland under-17 star came for a corner and missed it to put the hoops in front before mccrorie dropped a mark hill free kick over the line . old firm bosses ronny deila and stuart mccall looking on .
gloucester beat exeter to set up a challenge cup final against edinburgh . the cherry and whites delivered their most complete performance of the campaign to earn a place at the twickenham stoop . victory in the capital would also earn the west country side a home play-off spot for next season 's champions cup .
world snooker chairman barry hearn has ruled out awarding a season-long wildcard to reanne evans . the 10-time winner of the ladies ' world championship saw her crucible dream ended by ken doherty after a tight clash on thursday . doherty edged over the winning line 10-8 in the first round of qualifying .
chelsea beat leicester 2-1 at stamford bridge on sunday . john terry 's scrappy goal put the blues on the brink of the premier league title . but the chelsea manager was forced to give his players a half-time rollicking after falling behind to relegation-threatened leicester .
reanne evans has won 10 women 's world titles and plays irishman doherty at pond 's forge in sheffield on thursday . the 29-year-old from dudley is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the world championship when she faces former champion ken doherty . evans admits she is dreaming of making the main draw , which will require her and all the other 128 entrants to win three best-of-19-frame entrants .
tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice . us scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin , which has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours . problem is partly caused by immune system ` b-cells ' that put a brake on the body 's defences in prostate and other cancers .
castello baronale , situated just 31 miles -lrb- 50km -rrb- from rome , towers 3,280 ft over sea level . includes nine en-suite bedrooms , a lavish ballroom , library , gym and even a theatre . historians will be enthralled by the incredible library decorated in the venetian style .
celtic face inverness in the scottish league cup semi-final on sunday . ronny deila 's side are eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the table . the norwegian boss believes celtic themselves provide the biggest hurdle to their treble hopes .
burlesque queen dita von teese will offer burlesque workshops at canyon ranch , a luxury health resort in tucson , arizona . the forty two-year-old fashion designer and author famous for her raunchy routines will run presentations and classes . instead of hitting the resort 's fitness centre , plucky holidaymakers can take part in a fit strip class .
john terry scored his side 's second goal in their 3-1 win away at leicester . the 34-year-old 's close-range effort took his tally to seven this season . terry has fared better than forwards edin dzeko and stevan jovetic .
archibald-winning artist ben quilty has penned an impassioned message to the indonesian president in the final hours before his treasured friends , myuran sukumaran and andrew chan , are expected to be executed in indonesia . quilty became a mentor to bali nine duo in 2012 and has been a staunch advocate for clemency having witnessed their rehabilitation first-hand . the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are just days away from stepping into the ring for what promises to be a monumental clash . billed as the fight of the century , the mgm grand bout in las vegas has engaged fans inside and out of the sport of boxing . those devoted to the upcoming bout will be able to buy commemorative jewellery ahead of the bout .
steve davis would love to see jimmy white and reanne evans light up the crucible . the king of the baize believes the whirlwind and the doyenne of the women 's tour face tall orders to get through qualifying for the betfred world championship . evans was drawn to face 1997 world champion ken doherty on thursday .
charlie davies-carr is now 11 , whilst his younger brother charlie is now nine . the pair , from buckinghamshire , have given an interview to children 's tv programme newsround to talk about the video that changed their lives . it quickly went viral , becoming an early online hit when it was uploaded eight years ago , going on to amass more than 816million views .
leigh griffiths scored his third hat-trick of the afternoon against dundee united on sunday . the 24-year-old reinvented himself as celtic 's top scorer . he now spends his days train-spotting , the nights seem a little quieter than they once were .
falkirk beat hibernian 1-0 in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden park . craig sibbald opened the scoring in the 74th minute with a stooping header . fraser fyvie then doubled the lead in the second half with a header .
british airways ' chief boeing pilot , captain al bridger , said : ` we get some spectacular views from the cockpit ' . harbour views can be seen for guests leaving sydney on the right hand side of the plane to see alcatraz , the site of the first lighthouse and us built fort on the west coast . flyers will be able to get unbeatable aerial shots of world-famous syddney harbour bridge .
suzi cinalli , from the vital touch , outlines her six top tips to boost concentration , from cooing over cute pictures of pets to indulging in a lunchtime yoga session . apply pressure to your ` third eye ' with your middle finger tip while taking several deep breaths . keep pumpkin seeds in your desk drawer .
for the super-wealthy , money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts . victoria hoffman , founder and ceo of the miami-based concierge & events by victoria , tells mailonline travel that some of the most common last-minute request include special access to exclusive events .
manny pacquiao has become one of the most recognisable stars in the world after a series of mega-fights . the filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the past decade or so facing the likes of oscar de la hoya , ricky hatton , miguel cotto and four fights against mexican warrior juan manuel marquez . he spent the early part of his career boxing in the far east before being given his chance on the big
justin bieber has been preparing for his $ 300million las vegas mega-fight with manny pacquiao on saturday . the duo have been close friends for years and the 21-year-old performer has accompanied ` money ' into the ring on numerous occasions . he even joined the fighter on stage during a recent press conference ahead of the may 2 fight .
sky and bt sports pay # 16million a year for live coverage of scottish football . the bbc puts in an estimated # 3m a year on sportscene highlights and radio commentaries . english football is treated with reverence and respect , with one key difference . inverness fans must travel 200 miles for another 12.15 pm kick off .
sportsmail 's jeff powell looks ahead to saturday 's mega-fight at the mgm grand . both boxers made public appearances on tuesday as their $ 300million showdown draws ever closer . powell reflects on the pair 's arrivals on the las vegas strip and looks forward to the rest of the week .
stefan johansen has been in terrific form for celtic this season . the 24-year-old shared the players ' player of the year award with captain scott brown . the hoops will win the league for the fourth successive season if they beat dundee united on saturday .
reanne evans beat ken doherty 5-4 at the interval of their world championship first qualifying round match in sheffield . doherty won four of the final five frames of the morning session after trailing 3-1 at one stage against 29-year-old evans . the match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on thursday evening .
manny pacquiao and his team made the 270-mile journey from los angeles to las vegas on monday night . the filipino star was seen arriving on the world-famous strip in the nevada desert at the mandalay bay hotel . roach 's star fighter will be hoping a change of scenery wo n't affect his preparations against mayweather .
lake garda , in northern italy , lies a luxury villa with a view - just several miles north of brescia . inside , all of the bedrooms and common spaces are decorated in a stylish colour scheme of white , ivory and gold . there is even a large wine cellar , complete with glass walls and plenty of storage .
chelsea set to announce # 4.5 million signing of brazilian wonderkid nathan allan de souza on wednesday . the 19-year-old midfielder arrives from atletico paranaense with a glowing and ever-growing reputation . nathan will add to the samba feel at stamford bridge , joining compatriots willian , ramires , filipe luis and oscar .
judy murray , 55 , does n't play tennis to stay in shape . says she avoids it : ` because my life is saturated with it ' . tries anything from dancing , to walking in the hills or gardening . lower your legs and upper body a few inches to the wider v - and repeat this 12-15 times .
the unnamed couple are subsequently suing the novella 's author , who released it under the pen name lacey noonan , as well as distributors apple , amazon.com and barnes & noble for allowing readers to buy the work in ibooks , kindle and nook digital formats . it enjoyed some viral success following its release , which coincided with the superbowl .
floyd mayweather has a pop-up shop where he is selling t-shirts with a philippines flag in the background . pacquiao tells the leader of the money team : ` welcome to the manny team ' . the pacman is the happiest soul in las vegas , smiling , cracking jokes , bidding everyone welcome .
the map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the american northeast , along with the south , have now become the most racist areas of the us . racism is also common in the ` rust belt ' which straddles the upper northeastern us , the great lakes , and the midwest states .
georgia davis , 22 , has been lifted from her home in aberdare , south wales . neighbours said there were 12 fire , police and ambulance vehicles at the property . it is the second time ms davis has had to be rescued in such a way . retired margaret evans , 79 , said she believed she fell and was unable to get back up again .
andrew chan , then 21 , and myuran sukumaran , 24 , were both attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches . the ringleaders of the infamous bali nine , who were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of indonesia , are now dead . they were first convicted in 2005 following a tip off from australian federal police to indonesian officials . but the death penalty has never left the table for chan and sukum
amal clooney held a press conference in washington dc today calling for the release of imprisoned former president of maldives mohamed nasheed . mrs clooney is part of a high-profile international legal team representing ousted and jailed ex-president nasheed , who has been sentenced to 13 years in prison .
the riot erupted in february 2012 when supporters of home team al-masry - from the canal city of port said - and cairo 's al-ahly clashed . an appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court 's verdict , which sentenced 21 people to death . the clashes in the port said stadium sparked days of violent protests in cairo , which led to another 16 deaths .
eintracht frankfurt forward alexander meier has been ruled out for the season with a knee injury . meier tops the bundesliga with 19 goals , ahead of bayern munich duo arjen robben and robert lewandowski . the poland striker topped last season 's scoring list with 20 goals .
emir spahic has been released by bayer leverkusen . the bosnian international was involved in a brawl with security personnel after the german cup defeat to bayern munich . the 34-year-old injured his knee in the match and was ruled out for up to four weeks .
bayern munich beat eintracht frankfurt 3-0 in bundesliga on saturday . robert lewandowski boosted his own chances of winning the golden boot . bayern also had a goal disallowed and they struck the woodwork before thomas muller added a third .
gloriavale , a new zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict new testament creed and wears blue uniforms , has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks . several ex-members have come forward , telling stories of sexual abuse , violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls . miracle escaped gloriavale with her family around six years ago .
the nuclear spectroscopic telescope array , or nustar , has captured a new high-energy x-ray view -lrb- magenta -rrb- of the bustling center of the milky way . the smaller circle shows the center of our galaxy where the nasa image was taken . stars more than eight times the mass of our sun will explode in a supernova , leaving behind a hot dense core -- known as a white dwarf .
liris crosse , 32 , is the body and the naomi campbell of the plus-size modelling world . she grew up in baltimore , maryland , but had a tough time breaking into the industry with many people telling her to lose weight to succeed . she shares her candid journey to the top with femail .
sam allardyce 's west ham are top of the premier league fair play table . hammers have won once in their last 10 league matches and drew 1-1 against stoke . but alladyce says he would have no problem with sneaking through the ` back door ' into european football via the fair play league .
morgan schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury . tottenham are weighing up a bid for the french midfielder . ronald koeman says the upcoming transfer window will be more testing for a player with ambitions to play in the champions league .
southampton missed the chance to close the gap on manchester city to two points as they went down to a 2-1 defeat at stoke . morgan schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first barclays premier league goal since september . saints goalkeeper kelvin davis allowed mame diouf to equalise and substitute charlie adam stole all three points with six minutes to go .
ray parlour believes arsenal moving for petr cech this summer would be a ` no brainer ' . cech has made just four league starts this season for the blues . arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
adrien broner chose to rejection a contract offer by fledgling boxing promoter jay z but there does n't appear to be any hard feelings . former world champion broner is pictured with new york-based 50 cent in an instagram happy snap on tuesday night . the pair were watching the premier boxing champions primetime tv event featuring danny garcia swift and lamont peterson and irish andy lee against peter quillan .
andre schurrle and mario gotze were joined by partners montana yorke and ann-kathrin broemmel as the foursome posed for a picture later posted on instagram . bayern munich defeated eintracht franfurt 3-0 on saturday .
search engine zlaaatan.com has immortalised the paris saint-germain forward . zlatan ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour . the website has an identical style to google and operates just like the search engine . the 32-year-old striker will forever be at the forefront of the news .
prosecutors called brook and two other officers as witnesses on wednesday , and their descriptions of the chaos of inside the suburban denver theater intensified the already disturbing scene described a day earlier by moviegoers who were badly wounded or saw loved ones gunned down in the july 20 , 2012 , attack . if convicted , holmes could be sentenced to death .
west spruill has been charged with murdering ann charle , 36 , on monday evening in the bronx . the mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. when she allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her honda . but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street .
torin lakeman , 19 , and brother jacques , 20 , died in a pub in manchester . coroner alan walsh said he would be contacting home secretary theresa may . added it was unacceptable ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way ' . torin 's housemate ethan bradley said he bought drugs to ` have a good weekend ' .
steve simonsen served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking sfa 's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year . sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan challenged that decision , claiming his punishment was ` unduly lenient ' . the scottish fa have confirmed the englishman will not face a further suspension after the appeal was rejected by an appellate tribunal .
lucian faggiano bought the building in lecce , puglia in the south of italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria . but renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked . while attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a messapian tomb built 2,000 years ago , a roman granary , a franciscan chapel and even etchings thought to be made by the knights templar .
microsoft hopes to lure more people to use its new windows 10 software by making it easy to use many of the same apps they 're already using on apple or android phones . move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world 's biggest software company , which still dominates the personal computer market but has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones .
samsung retook the lead in the global smartphone market in the first quarter , as gains in emerging market sales helped it overtake apple . however , samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iphones , squeezing earnings from its mobile business to less than half what they were a year earlier . even though the number of handsets sold was down seven percent from a year ago , it outpaced apple , whose iphone sales slipped slightly from the final quarter of
the timepiece 's sensors malfunction when worn on tattooed wrists . some dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch 's heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings . the issue first came to light on reddit and twitter where a number of users reported similar issues , such as having to repeatedly enter a password to unlock the phone .
bruno smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner . using sensors on the front of the bin , it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush . it also has an integrated bag store and charging cord .
adidas has partnered with spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit . called adidas go , the songs are additionally selected based on the runner 's musical interests and listening history . these selections become more relevant the more the app is used . songs are played in full but users can skip tracks if they want to .
the american chemical society in washington explained the science behind the avengers in a video . it looks at the composition of iron man 's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and captain america 's shield . the suit would have weighed around 70kg -lrb- 150lbs -rrb- , but that would actually make things worse explained the video .
astronomers have proven its capabilities by using the telescope to find a unique planetary system orbiting a nearby star 54 light-years away . all three planets in the system orbit the star , hd 7924 , at a distance closer than mercury orbits the sun , completing their orbits in just 5 , 15 and 24 days . the automated planet finder consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure , and a high-resolution spectrograph .
the moon 's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite . cassini was around 38,500 miles -lrb- 62,000 km -rrb- from hyperion when the image was taken . hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular .
david beckham 's 40th birthday is on saturday , 2 may and reports state that he is to hold his celebrations at the five-star luxury amanjena resort . set within an oasis of palms and olive trees , moorish heritage is reflected throughout the pisé-walled resort .
visitors will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre in the jungle below . time limits will be imposed to keep traffic flowing . the project is set to cost around # 28.5 million and will be implemented between 2015 and 2019 . last year 1.1 million people reached its dizzying peak .
fight broke out on the oman air flight 102 to muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane was n't full . fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out . one man was taken away for questioning by police after being involved in a fight with another passenger .
the proposed # 30million , three-year contract for an emirates fa cup , revealed by sports agenda . the figures range from # 1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the # 1.8 million either aston villa or arsenal . the numbers will not register for premier league clubs awash with tv money but # 18,000 for winning a first-round cup match would make a lot of difference to a non-league club .
england cricket board national selector james whitaker looks set to finish his brief reign in the role . whitaker 's position has looked untenable in any case since paul downton was axed as managing director of england cricket . yorkshire coach jason gillespie is the subject of renewed bids from south australia , having turned down their first approach .
england 's top three are exceptional players but the issue is that they are very one-paced and when the west indies bowling was so disciplined , that became a problem on the first morning of the first test . it is ok batting the way england did if they had got through to lunch on 60 without loss , but they will be exposed against better teams than australia . now i appreciate the need to entertain as well and the way the top three go about things might become a bit
daniel levy reportedly told tottenham hotspur supporters ' trust that after the problems reinvesting the money received for gareth bale , future transfer policy would entail the purchase of young players . this may be financially sensible , but it is hardly reassuring . elite clubs , those who challenge for the biggest trophies , do not buy with one eye on selling .
the house judiciary committee passed the latest version of a bill known as the usa freedom act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2 . the measure seeks to codify president barack obama 's proposal to end the nsa 's collection of domestic calling records . the authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the patriot act will expire june 1 unless congress passes a law reauthorizing it .
joe herbert makes clear in his whistlestop tour of the science surrounding it , testosterone is at the heart of human life . the blood of an adult woman before menopause actually contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen , the supposedly ` female ' hormone . it begins its influence in the womb as it helps to shape the distinctive characteristics of the male body .
mark vanhoenacker has acquired a morbid flavour since germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately crashed into the french alps by its troubled co-pilot andreas lubitz . the tragedy ignited an ongoing debate about stress and depression among pilots , and airline vetting procedures , in which just about all of us have a vested interest .
angelika graswald , 35 , of poughkeepsie , new york , has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of 46-year-old vincent viafore . troopers have said viafore was kayaking with her on the hudson river april 19 when his vessel flipped over near the town of cornwall-on-hudson . the man was not wearing a life jacket at the time and was unable to turn the capsized boat right-side
john barnes and jamie redknapp performed rap on sky 's upcoming series of a league of their own . the pair were a hit together at liverpool during the 1990s and it seems that barnes has tried his hand in the music industry . the 51-year-old was supported by two backing dancers .
eden hazard and nathan ake paired up to take on loic remy and willian in a head-to-head challenge for the car manufacturers . in round one , the chelsea stars aim to fire balls into the boot of a car from close range , with hazard and ake securing the points with a 5-3 win . once again , it is 17-goal man hazard and his partner ake who come up trumps , winning the decider to take a 6-
robbie keane is n't letting an injury keep him from entertaining his la galaxy fans with his rendition of karma chameleon . a video of keane 's car karaoke effort was posted on the boy george & the culture club 's facebook page and while the striker 's enthusiasm ca n't be faulted , his command of the lyrics leaves a bit to be desired . ` my m8 robbie keane having a sing-a-long in the car !
peter schmeichel and his bayern munich counterpart oliver kahn have come face-to-face once more . the pair showcase their performance skills by starring in tipico 's latest advert where they renew their rivalry . kahn lists his accolades including three world goalkeeper of the year titles .
thousands stranded on trains for up to five hours at clapham junction . another compared conditions in her carriage to being ` held hostage ' . police boarded the stranded trains to hand out water , and paramedics were on hand in case travellers , including pregnant women , were affected . there were at least 338 cancellations across the network , with there were 338 delays .
anderson silva met with brazilian taekwondo officials and will compete for a spot in the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro . the former ufc champion said he is ` trying to give back to the sport ' in which he began his career . silva tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test .
eugenie bouchard was beaten 6-3 , 6-1 by american lauren davis in the second round at the family circle cup in charleston . davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match and broke bouchards ' serve twice in the final set to pull off the upset . douchard has struggled recently this time against the world no 7 .
zac efron has officially left the weedy teenager of high school musical behind to become a bona-fide buff babe , you 've got it . he still managed to make us swoon despite wearing nothing but nude pants and a stuffed bumble bee . justin timberlake starred as young hercules in a tv series of the same name at the age of 18 .
nasa has released an image taken by the probe 's visual and infrared spectrometer -lrb- virs -rrb- to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters . to highlight the geological features , the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the mercury dual imaging system . this is an instrument with wide - and narrow-angle cameras that has been mapping the rugged landforms on mercury 's surface . however , when it does , messenger will
scientists from the university of connecticut warned that one in six animals are at risk of extinction , particularly in regions where shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem . if future temperatures increase by only two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels , the extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2 per cent .
instagram rolled out its latest update that lets users create and search for hashtags using emoji . but it appears not all hashtags are created equal - even though there are posts that have been tagged with it . it is believe to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity .
fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales . the remains , which were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution . although many whales , dolphins and porpoises have a long fossil record , enabling scientists to understand their evolution .
the spooky experiment conjured up a ghostly illusion in the laboratory has proved once and for all that it 's only our mind playing tricks . the invisible , creepy presence reported by so many people over the centuries is just a set of mixed-up signals in the brain . when conducted in real time , the participant 's brain could adapt and recognize it as their own movement because of the synchronized movement .
jimmy anderson edged closer to sir ian botham 's record for england 's leading wicket-taker in tests . the 32-year-old is playing in his 100th test match this week in antigua . anderson 's stats will tell you that you ca n't argue with him .
jose mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating crystal palace on sunday before celebrating . the premier league had agreed to a request from the bbc to film the trophy at stamford bridge to help with their programme preparation . but it was on the strict understanding that the big prize was not seen by members of the public .
bath beat newcastle 29-19 at kingston park on saturday . sam burgess made his first premiership start at number six . the former rugby league star made a few handling errors . mike ford praised burgess 's efforts following the game . bath are now six points behind premiership leaders northampton .
sam burgess has been selected in the back row as bath seek to bounce back from the end of their european dream . the former rugby league star has struggled to make an impact in the midfield since his arrival from the south sydney rabbitohs . mike ford will examine his credentials at blindside flanker in the aviva premiership showdown at kingston park .
bath fly half george ford ghosts past leinster full-back rob kearney on his way to fine individual score at the aviva stadium . the england no 10 's solo-try was the only score that the west country outfit managed to register in the first-half . bath had it not been for a penalty conceded by replacement matt garvey with seconds on the clock .
sally cox , 39 , stopped son jed pearce , 10 , from going on the mosque trip . she said she ` does n't want to put her son at risk of being shot ' . nearly 100 primary pupils from lostwithiel school in cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in exeter , devon . but about 10 pupils have now pulled out of next week 's school trip .
nancy perry will no longer teach students at dublin middle school and will retire at the end of the year , city schools superintendent chuck ledbetter announced on tuesday . perry is alleged to have told students that obama is a muslim and that any parent who support him could n't be christian , either . a 12-year-old boy in perry 's class brought the matter to the attention of his father , jimmie scott , who complained to the school
perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria claims marital rape is ` made up ' by european people . her right to say no , he asserted , was lost the moment her father handed her to her new husband . unsurprisingly , his religious edict and outrageous comments have horrified many in his home country of malaysia and beyond .
the app , by microsoft , allows people to analyse any image found on bing , microsoft 's search engine , or upload their own . it even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what microsoft thinks their real ages are . it revealed the site today at its annual build developers conference in san francisco .
sarah jewell , 25 , was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the irs informing her that she had ` died ' . the staff told jewell that someone had filed her social security number as deceased in november 2014 . but fast-forward three months later and jewell said she has n't received her tax refund , one of her credit cards was cancelled , and even her driver 's license , which she was meant to renew .
laura robson has been stepping up her attempts at getting back on the tennis court after a lengthy absence . the 21-year-old shared a picture on instagram of her soaking up the sun with two friends and captioned the image ` country music is the best music #tortuga ' . she has been practising in the united states , in tampa , as she aims to build up form and fitness .
the hope is that the videos shown to residents of a care home in new york will ease their confusion , forgetfulness and agitation . the idea is borrowed from the 2004 adam sandler film 50 first dates , in which drew barrymore 's character suffers a brain injury and memory loss each day .
james corden posted picture alongside odell beckham jnr and david beckham via twitter on thursday . corden , 36 , is currently filming late-night talk show late late in the states . ex-real madrid and la galaxy star said : ` he must be getting quite big into the dating circuit now ? ' .
manny pacquiao is on his live show next week it 's just as well jimmy kimmel did n't offend the filipino fighter with his rendition of his inspirational ballad lalaban ako para sa filino . on his show jimmel live the comedian sang an excerpt of the song , penned and recorded by pacman to be his walk-out music for the richest fight of all time against floyd mayweather .
frank lampard has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for manchester city . the 36-year-old was pictured walking down king 's road with fiancee christine bleakley on thursday . lampard will join up with parent club new york city in july after signing a two-year deal with the club .
quinton ` rampage ' jackson returns to the ufc after two years with bellator when he takes on fabio maldonado in montreal on saturday night . jackson had to first endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at ufc 186 . the former light-heavyweight champion has been through a stressful fight to make ufc comeback .
scientists used the muse instrument on eso 's very large telescope -lrb- vlt -rrb- . they shed about 70 times the mass of the sun every million years or so . by measuring the pillars of creation 's rate of evaporation , muse has given astronomers a time frame for when the pillars will be no more .
jeff bezos ' blue origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in west texas . the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles -lrb- 94km -rrb- - four miles short of space - before landing . it was unmanned , but will ultimately take six people into space . it includes a crew capsule carrying six astronauts atop a separate rocket-powered propulsion module . following liftoff , the combined vehicles accelerate for approximately two and a half minutes . the
researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers ' faces , before and after drinking four glasses of wine . thermographic cameras detect radiation in the infrared range of the spectrum and create images of the radiation . when alcohol is absorbed into the blood stream it increases heart rate and blood pressure and blood vessels open wide to allow for more rapid flow .
stuart broad was dismissed for a duck in england 's first test against west indies in antigua . broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece which is pretty good considering he 's been carrying niggles and injuries . jimmy anderson are an outstanding combination , taking 526 wickets between them in the 70 tests they have played together .
former leeds captain trevor cherry has branded the six players who withdrew at short notice from saturday 's match against charlton a ` disgrace ' . the italian quartet mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri all told beleaguered head coach neil redfearn they were injured and could not travel to london . antenucci and canu declared themselves unfit after training on thursday with the
leeds united striker steve morison admits he has never experienced anything like the current circus surrounding the skybet championship side . six players withdrew from the squad on the eve of saturday 's trip to charlton citing injuries . morison scored leeds ' goal in the 2-1 defeat at the valley .
the ethereal images were taken on the beach at lulworth cove , dorset , when malcolm was 42 . the images are part of the royal photographic society , held at the national media museum , bradford . they are among a collection of the world 's oldest surviving colour photographs .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , believes she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs . she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine . the pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final kfc bucket meal .
six leeds players withdrawn from saturday 's game at charlton . mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri , frenchman souleymane doukara and albanian edgar cani all told beleaguered head coach neil redfearn they were injured and could not travel to london .
hull city are keen on signing leeds united midfielder alex mowatt . the 20-year-old has impressed in the championship this season . hull sent scout john rudge to check on the midfielder during monday 's 4-3 defeat by wolves . steve bruce is keen to bolster the amount of homegrown talent in his squad this summer .
martin fletcher points the finger at late stafford heginbotham , bradford city 's chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes . fletcher , after 15 years spent researching the fire in which four members of his family died , writes fletcher .
dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain . the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost derby match at rivals dundee . bain refuses to react as the dark blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from jake mcpake and paul heffernan .
chad hurst of salt lake city , utah , says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from denver , colorado had landed on sunday . he had a word with him about the foul language he had been using on the plane . hurst then sucker punched hurst in the stomach , put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived on the scene .
a high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by daily mail australia reveals an ` unprecedented ' number of australians could face the death penalty in china . peter gardner and kalynda davis were apprehended in guangzhou alone in 2014 - a crime punishable by death . the exact number facing possible death sentences was redacted in the briefing , obtained under freedom of information laws . the department of foreign affairs and trade document , which was dated december 2 , 2014 , was dated de
saudi arabian citizen mohammed mohsen captured the sandstorm sweeping into the area in which he stands at a staggering speed . strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption , which resulted in nearby dubai 's skyline almost disappearing and people suffering from respiratory problems . the footage concludes with the filmmaker moving the camera around to show the sheer capacity of the cloud , which he is now very much encapsulated within .
jennifer saunders , who wrote and starred in the series , confirmed the cast will begin filming in the autumn . she revealed that joanna lumley had told her to ` do it before we die ' . the film will be based in london , with some scenes in the south of france , or in the bahamas if the budget allows .
only 32 per cent of uk consumers have heard of campylobacter germs . many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves . but lucia juliano , of harris interactive , said most know it should be cooked until all the pink bits are done . she said education among these two groups needs to be ramped up .
alesha peterson , 22 , first started exercising in august 2013 . she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack . her workouts include several sets of exercises that focus on a different part of her body for each day of the week , and she will often do cardio on the weekends .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has revealed that the controversial posters around the london underground are being removed . the sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners . the advertising standards authority has also received more than 200 complaints from people saying the adverts promote an unhealthy body image .
emirates airlines are set to rebranded as the emirates fa cup in a new # 30million sponsorship deal . the deal is believed to be worth at least # 10million a year . aston villa will face the holders arsenal in the final at wembley stadium on thursday .
emirates airline logo will be a familiar sight for sports fans across the world . the dubai-based brand are set to seal an historic deal with the fa cup . the three-year deal would add to emirates ' ever-increasing portfolio of sporting sponsorship . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
michael bisping faces cb dollaway in montreal on saturday night . the manchester middleweight is open to fighting again in glasgow this july , five years since he last fought in the uk . the ufc wants to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career .
andrei arshavin is set to be released by russian league leaders zenit st petersburg at the end of the season . former arsenal forward spent four years at arsenal between 2009 and 2013 . anatoly tymoshchuk , 36 , joined the club in 2013 after winning the champions league with bayern munich .
yoshinori muto has a shot against shonan bellmare during a j-league clash . chelsea would look to loan muto to partner club vitesse arnhem next season . real zaragoza boss ranko popovic gave muto his debut for fc tokyo in july 2013 and he believes the pacey forward could be a big hit at stamford bridge .
carl frampton has been offered a # 1.5 million payday to face scott quigg . talks between the two super-bantamweight world champions have reached a standstill . quigg 's promoter , eddie hearn , attempted to jolt frampton 's camp into a july 18 fight in manchester by offering the biggest cheque of the northern irishman 's career to date .
jonathan trott and alastair cook head out to open england 's second innings against west indies . trott will have played all sorts of mind games with himself ahead of this game . he will have desperately tried not to build this test up too much but once out in the middle he was moving at the crease .
charlie austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 premier league goals for qpr . austin scored in qpr 's 3-3 draw with fellow premier league strugglers aston villa on tuesday night . critics will say it is because he now plays for a fashionable club .
chris hardman , 24 , died on march 23 in his hometown of lowestoft . suffolk coroner peter dean told inquest mr hardman 's friend aj sutton later identified the body . he said paramedics and police were called to his home in union road , lowestoft , that morning and death was confirmed at 11.48 am .
amanda holden , 44 , was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- and the britain 's got talent judge initially struggled to cope with the trauma . following this near-death experience , giving birth to a stillborn baby , theo , at seven months .
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and malicious destruction of property . she was discovered at the court street property in edgartown by owner mark conklin on april 17 . when he confronted her she claimed that she owned the house . she then fled in a gray nissan pickup truck when police arrived .
khloe kardashian posted photo to instagram on monday night as protests turned to riots in baltimore . while over 417,000 followers liked the photo , it did not escape criticism . some critics went after her privileged background and accused her of insincerity , and still more aired shockingly racist feelings .
the 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down ` without a fight ' , it has been reported . it comes after it was revealed that williams ' had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times . he was suspended in february with no pay for six months .
angel di maria has a new no 7 tattoo which stands out among others on his left arm . the 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from old trafford . but speculation about his future could be squashed following his latest tattoo . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
jean-honoré fragonard 's 18th-century work young woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica , produced in china . it has hung in among 270 old master paintings since february 10 after a challenge was laid down to the public to ` spot the fake ' . now , three months on , the gallery has revealed that only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly .
alistair brownlee won on his world triathlon series return in cape town . the 27-year-old missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury . brownlee sprinted away to beat rival javier gomez with frenchman vincent luis in third .
jordan spieth won the 2015 masters at augusta on sunday . the 21-year-old held a four-shot lead heading into the final day of action . spieth stormed to a final round of 70 to cap off an incredible few days on the georgia course . last year 's champion bubba watson presents spieth with the coveted green jacket .
jimmy anderson takes a record 384th test wicket for england against the west indies on friday night . the 32-year-old is congratulated by his team-mates following the dismissal of denesh ramdin . botham had huge self-belief as a player and still has an aura about him now .
manchester united boss louis van gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year . the dutch doctor has n't just stuck plasters over the wounds , he 's breathed life into a giant and resurrected it back to rude health . after the early-season defeats at mk dons and leicester city they were laying into united manager . the club must think big or forever remain small .
manchester city are currently fourth in the premier league table . they lost 4-3 to united in 2009 , one more than the whole of 2014 . ricky hatton says there is ` apathy ' towards the champions league among fans . the rock-god city lover wants ` the old city back ' .
jamie vardy scored his first 10-out-of-10 performance of the season . vardy was being criticised two years ago at leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team . manuel pellegrini is punching above his weight at city ... not even close . the club must think big or forever remain small .
curtis weston opened the scoring for barnet on saturday afternoon . mauro vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half as the club returned to the football league following a two-year absence . martin allen 's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful .
barnet will land in benidorm on wednesday afternoon as conference champions . martin allen 's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful . rovers ended their season with a 7-0 humiliation of alfreton town with six different players on the score-sheet .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are just days away from their mega-fight in las vegas . the rapper and producer placed a $ 250,000 bet with hollywood actor and friend mark wahlberg that ` money ' mayweather will come out on top in the bout . diddy originally suggests a $ 100,000 wager , before being raised by wager as the duo chat while sitting by a swimming pool .
zenit st petersburg striker hulk lived up to his nickname on monday . the 28-year-old acquired his nickname due to his likeness to lou ferrigno . hulk recently signed a new long-term deal at zenit until the end of 2018-19 .
demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight champion title on saturday . the american beat kyoji horiguchi for nearly the entire five-round bout . johnson simply took over in the second round , showing the wide range of skills that have earned him recognition as one of the best pound-for-pound fighters .
monaco face juventus in the champions league semi-final on wednesday . leonardo jardim put the finishing touches to his squad 's preparation . dimitar berbatov and co were put through their paces ahead of the clash . monaco are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in turin last week .
england have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous world cup appearances . toni duggan is convinced mark sampson 's team can go further this time . england face germany , the usa and brazil in june 's world cup quarter-final .
tottenham are tracking dynamo kiev forward andriy yarmolenko . the ukrainian forward is emerging as a realistic target for the club . tottenham have watched the 25-year-old extensively in recent weeks . paris st-germain are also watching everton winger kevin mirallas .
paris saint-germain have held initial discussions over a # 15million move for dinamo kiev winger andriy yarmolenko . psg are weighing up options with manchester united refusing to budge on angel di maria . the 25-year-old was a target for west ham and stoke last summer .
tottenham hotspur midfielder christian eriksen has warned that they will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on qualifying for next season 's europa league . spurs are sixth in the barclays premier league , which would bring european qualification , but there has been talk in the past that europe 's second-tier competition does them more harm than good .
alastair cook has been working on a new stance with former england batting coach graham gooch over the past few months . but he appears to have overdone it against the west indies . cook plays a shot during a training session at the grenada national stadium in st georges on monday .
tiger woods found such a root at full pelt on his follow through . woods claimed that a bone popped out in his right arm , right there , but he reset it . there is a degree of scepticism about the extent of that injury , but either way it continued to bother him for several holes .
tottenham have held further talks with marseille over a deal for florian thauvin . the 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend 's game with metz . chelsea and valencia have all shown an interest in ayew , who is a free agent in the summer .
hugo lloris has established himself as one of the premier league 's top keepers with some fine displays . spurs are determined to keep their no 1 at white hart lane and will demand a sky-high price for the keeper . daniel levy is the world 's most expensive keeper after his # 32.6 m move from parma to juve in 2001 .
organic milk could contain a third less iodine than normal milk . uht longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral . because milk is the main source of iodine in the british diet -- providing 40 per cent of the average daily intake -- switching to organic may have a significant impact on health .
osman yaya from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , moderated a town hall event with the president on thursday . as the president started to repeat himself , osman politely stepped in : ` yeah . i think you 've sort of covered everything about that question ' .
mazzy , who suffers from spina bifida , was on board a southwest airlines flight over the us when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday . mom brein bjorson marzano was flying with her other daughter birkly from tampa to pittsburgh on their way home from vacation . to the family 's surprise the entire plane sang happy birthday and made the passengers pretend that the overhead lights were candles for mazzy to blow out .
the 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room . the clip begins with mum , american teri o'neil , 30 , asking olivia : ` how does mama walk ? ' . she also mimics the mum 's pregnant walk in the background .
channelled his inner pavarotti and produced an emotionally charged opera performance to the surprise of his customers . the uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in boston , america . the song then concludes with the video maker saying : ` wow , that was brilliant . thank you very much ' .
the incident took place in olani village , four kilometres from manpur , in central india and was recorded by terrified villagers . to try and protect his fellow villagers , the fearless ward ran towards the leopard brandishing the weapon . even though the man sits defenceless on the dusty earth , he eventually runs off .
baron the german shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet . he then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself . viewers ' reactions of the video , which to date has been viewed more than 16,400,000 times , mostly included that baron did the job better than most men .
liam sandham , of fleetwood , films his unsuspecting friend who looks at his phone while sitting in the passenger seat . he then films his friend visibly content in his own little world . a beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles as liam cradles the burn with his other hand .
bailey murrill , of denton in texas , had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days and was being cared for in hospital . she had regained feeling and movement in her legs and when her favorite nurse came on shift decided to surprise her by getting up and stood on her own . both then burst into tears as other staff look on in the corridor .
the clip , which was created by the make it fair project , presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like hollywood . males hold 70 to 95 per cent of the industry 's most important positions . the women sing in a tongue-in-cheek refrain that repeats throughout the psa .
six children were blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from a group of six women just by touch and scent . their mothers can be seen waiting anxiously to see whether their child would recognise them . video was released to celebrate australian and us mother 's day on may 10 .
the description for the unsettling video - uploaded to youtube last week by raymond yeung - claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay . it was reportedly fished out of the water by workers from the department of drainage , who later captured the animal in a steel cage .
harley jolly , tyson barr and nic roy videoed themselves descending dunedin 's baldwin street on three-wheeled vehicles known as ` slide trikes ' . the short clip opens with a warning message , before the riders take their position at the top of the hill , famed for its 35 per cent gradient . the group hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom .
shibu inu and husky feature opposite one while conversing at an american kennel club centre . passers-by laugh and film the two dogs as they begin yapping , whining and yapping at one another . video concludes with the husky losing interest slightly and chewing on its handler 's sleeve .
tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon . but at a track meet , a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate . simon beat simon by a tenth of a second .
carol bennett-chevereau from quebec , canada , filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases . but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free .
woman in china showed strength by using her legs to lift a group of people . placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood and clinging to either side of it are two women who are about to become human weights . three men stand and assist the women before stepping back and preparing to enjoy the show .
sam the german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch . footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen . however , he keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up and pulling a big yawn .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california . once he 's put an item in the machine , baron patiently waits for another to be rinsed by his owner . other videos show the pup breaking sweat as he helps his trainer workout .
the snowboarder can be seen decked out in purple holding a matching selfie stick at arm 's length . while enjoying the slopes in japan 's chiisagata district , the man begins his descent of the mountain . he even causes the snow to spray in the air while turning .
saskia , 17 , aced the ` arsenal exam ' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent . the post has since been retweeted 9,600 times , almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers , with widespread congratulations coming from gunners fans .
arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday -lrb- 4pm kick-off -rrb- . mesut ozil took to instagram to show off his new apple watch . the 26-year-old is expected to start for arsene wenger 's side . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
ufc light-heavyweight jon jones is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman . the 27-year-old is currently wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit- and run that happened earlier this morning . police found marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter 's car , according to albuquerque pd spokesman simon drobik .
michael bisping beat cb dollaway on points in montreal on saturday . the manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to luke rockhold last year . he said he was disappointed not to have enjoyed an early night . click here for all the latest boxing news .
chris smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at manchester united worth in the region of # 80,000-a-week . the 25-year-old england centre-back had been linked with a move to arsenal after struggling to hold down a first-team place at united . smalling was also guilty of several off-the-field indiscretions , including being pictured going to a fancy-dress party as a suicide bomber last year .
pele and franz beckenbauer were reunited on friday afternoon . the pair played for new york cosmos in the late 1970s , before the club went bankrupt in the following years . pele , now 74 , also had his say as the pair flicked the switch to turn on the lights .
hashim amla to join derbyshire next month for three natwest t20 blast and two lv = county championship matches . new zealander was called up by his country for the test series against england . amla , 31 , will begin his short stint at home to northamptonshire on may 10 .
allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach after four years in the role . the 48-year-old former test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011 . donald said : ` it was always a big dream of mine to work in the south african cricket environment after my playing days ' .
researchers at the university of washington studied the telerobot raven ii . they found that robots designed for surgery could be ` easily ' hacked in to . this is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working . the research was carried out by toying with a product from their own university - the raven ii teleoperated robotical surgeon .
ricky boehning , a 52-year-old who 's represented fargo since 2002 , sent messages and a photo of his penis to a gay man in bismark named dustin smith . smith recognized the staunch conservative and took his story , and explicit photo , to the press . but while admitting he 's gay and uses grindr , the public official claimed his private life was revealed as part of a fellow lawmaker 's retaliation for his vote against a bill that would
jia jiang was so determined to become an entrepreneur that , as a child in china , he dug a hole in the garden , intending to reach america by the shortest route . he eventually made the journey by conventional means and found a good life there . instead of avoiding rejection , he would spend 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected , film them and put them up on his blog .
double olympic champion mo farah will race in birmingham in the first time he 's competed in 1,500 m since 2013 . the 32-year-old has competed over 1500m since he broke the european record by clocking three minutes 28.81 seconds in monaco two years ago .
thierry henry believes arsenal need to sign four new players this summer if they are to challenge for the premier league title next season . arsenal boss arsene wenger will be looking to add to his squad ahead of the 2015-16 premier league season . sportsmail 's simon jones analyses the possible options for arsenal in key positions .
sarah weatherill , 31 , became so dependent on the energy drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine . the law student spent a staggering # 5,460 every year on the popular energy drink since she became hooked in 2009 .
the unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist anna erickson . there are around 30 drivers that float in and out of this parking lot in the sodo -lrb- south of downtown -rrb- area of the city in washington state . but on the weekends , as the rabble flocks back to their beds , this unique group remains .
the rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $ 10 million to $ 5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder . despite walking confidently into court , he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as judge ronald coen rejected his pleas . mayweather , an undefeated professional worth $ 420 million , is set to land a record pay check after going head-to-head with manny pacquiao on saturday .
the images were released along with a number of key pieces of evidence as the court was shown footage of the deadly incident in compton on january 18 . knight has pleaded not guilty to killing terry carter and trying to kill cle ` bone ' sloan . another photo of the 49-year-old after he was detained was released by the court .
wolverhampton 's benik afobe scored the winner in a 1-0 defeat of wigan . james mcclean received his marching orders in injury-time for a second bookable offence in jury time . the latics will have to face brentford next weekend without star man james .
martyn waghorn was one of three players sent off in the fiesty clash . jimmy abdou came on to break the deadlock with a rare strike . david forde was sent off for millwall in the second half . millwall 's new manager gary caldwell would want to see them go down kicking and screaming .
petra wetzel , 40 , is a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son , noah . she set up her own business , the west brewery , in 2006 . now he wanted to discuss importing it in bulk to italy . but as she consulted her diary , petra knew what her answer had to be .
cui hongfang , 73 , died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers . she struck her head in a tragedy that was ruled an accident by police . the victim 's family filed a civil lawsuit against the tourist , identified as debra fortin , and demanded she be prevented from leaving china .
the new 2.0 tfsi s line quattro is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 . the interior of a manual version of the audi soft-top can be seen here bad . it 's the fastest car in the world , overtaking the uk 's ferrari in the morning session .
ufc light heavyweight champion jon jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman - but quickly came back to grab ' a large handful of cash ' from the car , witnesses told police . the driver , whom an off-duty officer identified as jones , ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again , police said . officers found a pipe with marijuana in the vehicle as well as mma and rental car documents in jones ' name , according to the police
burglars targeted the property in cobham where chelsea 's training ground is based , and made off with the 4x4 . essien left the blues for ac milan in january 2014 but still owns the property purchased during his time at stamford bridge . two other vehicles , a mercedes and a bmw , were stolen from a neighbour on the same day .
tony mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career . eddie arcaro had 4,779 , including five kentucky derbysbys . mcco was known as the master in american racing , comparable in his field to baseball legend joe dimaggio and golf 's jack nicklaus .
javier hernandez is enjoying a fine run of form at real madrid . the 26-year-old striker has scored three goals in his last two games . carlo ancelotti said on monday that the european champions would take stock of the striker at the end of the season .
real madrid manager carlo ancelotti will not rush into a decision . javier hernandez has scored four goals in four for the spanish giants . the mexico international is on a season-long loan from old trafford . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
michael juskin , 100 , allegedly killed his wife rosalia , 88 , with an axe while she slept before he went into the bathroom and committed suicide with a knife . neighbors gathered in front of their bergen county , new jersey house on monday morning . prosecutor john l. molinelli said a motive for the apparent murder-suicide had not yet been determined .
police in houston say blaine boudreaux , 34 , got behind the wheel of his car while under the influence sunday , leaving a path of destruction in his wake and killing two people , one of them a 6-year-old boy . he has been charged with intoxication manslaughter , intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to three separate dui collisions . the boy 's mother , cynthia , was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones .
cournswood house is in the south of buckinghamshire -- in ten acres of secluded woodlands . first was wartime naval cryptographer and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox , who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943 . his funeral was attended by many from bletchley park , and a memorial stone to knox can be found bordering the property .
mel greig has written an open letter to the media warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events . the former 2day fm co-host , who shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the duchess of cambridge 's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call , penned the letter to ask the media , ` have we not learnt enough from the royal prank call ? ' . the 33-year-old said
damian lewis played henry viii in the six-part series on the rapid rise to power of sir thomas cromwell in king henry 's court . the codpiece was meant to draw the eye to the general region . expert victoria miller said those used in the show would have been far too modest for the cambridge academic .
former super middleweight champion nigel benn takes on ricky hatton at his manchester gym . benn landed a series of punches , including one that saw hatton 's glove fly off , as he put the 36-year-old through his paces . earlier this week hatton and benn met up to discuss the possibility of the ` hitman ' training conor benn .
micah richards ' contract at manchester city expires at the end of the season . the 26-year-old has found playing time hard to come by during his loan move to italian side fiorentina . richards will be on the move again this summer when he becomes a free agent .
andy carroll is currently overseas with a hammers physio and his pregnant fiancee billi mucklow as he continues his recovery from knee surgery . the 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer and will instead be working hard at the club 's chadwell heath training ground .
nicholas tooth , 25 , was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid-north nsw on saturday . he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent 's shoulder during a tackle . he was treated at the ground before being airlifted to newcastle 's john hunter hospital in a critical condition . the young man was originally from wallabadah in the new england region of nsw .
the desperate predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal . but the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed . dramatic scenes were witnessed by researcher brent stapelkamp in hwange national park , zimbabwe .
martin odegaard was pictured with former brazil international ronaldo . the 16-year-old joined real madrid for # 2.3 m from stromgodset in january . the midfielder was visiting his old club ahead of their champions league quarter-final clash against atletico madrid on wednesday .
paige vanzant was one of the few ufc athletes to be awarded an individual contract with reebok . the 21-year-old was declared the winner by lop-sided scores of 30-26 , 30-27 in just her second fight in the promotion . herrig struggled to impose herself on the fight despite having much more experience .
paige vanzant and felice herrig had to be pulled apart as they squared off ahead of their strawweight clash in new jersey . the 21-year-old has already ruffled feathers after being one of a select few to sign an individual contract with reebok . herrig has been hyped as the ufc 's next big thing despite only having fought five times .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . jose mourinho 's side are seven points clear at the top of the premier league . chelsea let liverpool have 73 per cent possession over the 90 minutes . the title that had been in their grasp was lost .
david raven stabbed home the winner to take inverness caledonian thistle to the scottish cup final . the 30-year-old scouser was released by shrewsbury and tranmere in recent years . raven played in the infamous 1-0 defeat for rafa benitez 's reds at burnley in 2005 .
louis van gaal was left frustrated after his side were defeated 1-0 by chelsea . the dutchman knows , however , he will not be judged on his ability to repair the damage done by david moyes . the record will need to stand comparison with sir alex ferguson .
teana walsh , who is paid by michigan taxpayers to pursue justice , wrote an unhinged post on her facebook urging a deadly response to violence in the troubled maryland city . at least 15 people voiced their approval by ` liking ' the comment . walsh said seeing protesters throwing rocks led her to the conclusion they should be shot .
the chevrolet express police van used by the baltimore police department is smooth on the inside of both cage doors . the design of the standard van does not seem to show anything for gray to have hit his head on . the development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the force .
georgia davis , 22 , is an extreme manifestation of the obesity epidemic afflicting young people in britain . she is 5ft 6in tall but exists on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways and junk food which has rendered her immobile .
bourer noeleen foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above zuccoli -25 km southeast of darwin . the mother of-four told daily mail australia she snapped the pornographic precipitation from the civil construction site where she works . she 's sure somebody else in the area must have recognised the x-rated cloud .
violent protesters in baltimore , maryland injured several police officers on monday , throwing bricks and rocks at the overwhelmed cops hiding behind riot armor . while most of the cops tried not to engage with the protesters , at least one officer was seen throwing the rocks right back at the mostly-young groups of rioters even as the nation watched on live tv . a photo taken by photographer patrick semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on
tastes change , of course , but looking at some of the adverts thought they might actually work . if the ad world 's top gunslingers now rely on more modern methods of reaching their audience including hopping across multiple media platforms to reach them , once it was all about a single , thoughtfully-composed image .
the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings . libya 's second largest city was seized by the hardline islamist group ansar al-sharia in july last year and intense fighting between the rebels and regime forces over the past few months .
the state 's new community services minister brad hazzard said it was a ` very likely possibility ' the plan would be implemented in the near future . the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $ 12 million per year . mr hazzzzard added that he was unsure as to why public housing tenants have never been made to pay a bond similar to that paid by private renters .
new zealander philip lyle hansen , 56 , has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges , including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011 . the woman , 47 , told the court she never consented to hansen pulling out her teeth but was too ` afraid ' to say anything . hansen allegedly held her against a car door and removed six of her bottom teeth , using an oily rag to stop the bleeding , during sex .
sampdoria midfielder pedro obiang is available for around # 6million . the 23-year-old spaniard started out atletico madrid 's youth set-up in 2010 . obiang was capped for spain at youth levels , representing their under 17 , 19 and 21 teams .
the abbott government is due to deliver its second budget on may 12 . treasurer peter costello slammed the government 's approach to taxation as a ` lower , simpler , fairer ' system . he said using the tax system to re-distribute income would trap australians in poverty .
west indies are losing players to the easier option of the indian premier league and it is understandable because of the money that can be made there . jason holder did in antigua and marlon samuels managed here will do much for the culture phil simmons is trying to create as new west indies coach . they will inspire their team-mates with their discipline , character and application , just as mike atherton inspired me with the way he batted to save a test in
toya graham , a single mother-of-six , was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son michael , pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street . the riots broke out following the death of freddie gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury . miss graham told cbs on wednesday that she ` just lost it ' when she saw michael at monday 's riots carrying a rock and walking towards police officers .
the two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic strait of hormuz , pentagon spokesman colonel steven warren said . news of the first incident was revealed by the pentagon after iranian guards seized mv maersk tigris this week , by firing warning shots across the vessel 's bows .
former indonesian army general prabowo subianto twice privately assured mr joko there would be no political consequences if the bali nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved . it 's understood he said if the president were to ` postpone the executions indefinitely ' he would come out in support of the decision .
floyd mayweather dismissed conor mcgregor 's recent comments about being able to ` kill ' the boxer inside 30 seconds . mayweather claims that the irish ufc star is just looking to gain some attention off the back of the media frenzy surrounding the fight . the undefeated champion claims that he is just being a publicity hound .
tesla founder elon musk introduced the powerwall device at a press conference in california last night and said the technology could ` change the world ' . the device , which could be in homes by the end of summer , will be able to store electricity at night when it is cheaper . powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall , weighs 220lbs , and can be installed on an outside or inside wall .
scientists can now start examining the changes due to take place over the next tens of millions of years like never before . in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called amasia . but new techniques are allowing experts to study the changes in unprececdented ways .
archaeologists studied stone tools used by people in the early ahmarian culture , living in south and west europe and west asia around 40,000 years ago . they found the human tools were no more effective than neanderthal-created tools of the same era . the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived neanderthals - and that we may not have behaved as differently as we thought .
james houlder and his girlfriend vicki hood had saved up for months . but within just hours of arriving at the first choice resort , the couple became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea . james , 30 , has since developed irritable bowel syndrome , a digestive complaint which he admits can leave him in crippling pain .
manchester united scouts checked on porto striker jackson martinez . the 28-year-old wants to leave portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around # 30million . martinez scored as porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in their champions league quarter-final first leg .
england women 's under 19s smashed northern ireland 9-1 . natasha flint bagged a hat-trick as the young lions squad came from a goal down to win an impressive victory at seaview . the night started badly for mo marley 's side as they found themselves a goal behind with just ten minutes played .
alastair cook 's innings into day three in grenada was spot-on . cook worked his way to an encouraging 50 but frustratingly was out playing shannon gabriel on for 76 . yet it is nonsense to say a batsman who has hit 25 test hundreds can not drive the ball too early .
twiggy , 65 , shows off age-defying looks as she models new collection . new designs include chic jumpsuits , fun prints and on-trend sandals . twiggy has long been working for the high street giant . has taken inspiration from the 70s trends seen on the catwalks .
designer donatella versace , 59 , is set to appear in a new ad campaign not for her own brand , but for rival design house givenchy . givenchy designer riccardo tisci , 40 , revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on instagram yesterday .
david haye , 34 , was stopped by officials on his arrival at dubai international airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque which bounced . he also handed over his passport to authorities , and has been unable to leave the united arab emirates - forcing him to miss a mixed martial arts event in birmingham at the weekend .
queens park rangers manager chris ramsey claims that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms . ramsey has been vocal on racism in football in the past and supports john barnes ' assertion that black managers find it difficult to get a job after being sacked . he believes the implementing of a rooney rule could help raise awareness of the issue .
former ole miss star marshall henderson jumped on revelations jarret stoll was trying to smuggle cocaine and mdma into the mgm grand hotel . he tweeted the former dancing with the stars contestant on monday saying : ` lol wassup with your boyfriend ' . he was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test .
raheem sterling is seen taking a drag from the large orange pipe . the liverpool midfielder recently snubbed a new # 100,000-a-week contract . the 20-year-old played in the red 's fa cup quarter final win over blackburn . sterling was snapped on a social media site with the picture captioned ` 1 down 3 to go ' .
the serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the otago harbour , in dunedin on thursday . samples of the bizaree creature , known to swim vertically as well as self-amputate its own tail , were sent to see otago museum for testing . the frightening appearance of the fish means they have been associated with various myths .
chief executive mike coupe , 53 , was convicted of embezzlement last september . former business partner amr el-nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques . mr coupe is believed to have travelled to the middle eastern country last sunday to appeal the conviction .
joe root has reacted magnificently to being left out of last year 's sydney test . root has bounced back from a difficult ashes tour to prove himself as a quality test batsman . he is as steely as they come , a fierce competitor who loves playing for england .
russian man , whose nickname is ` che ' , found himself injured and unable to continue the ascent . it is believed the man was struck by a huge falling icicle , causing a collection of blood under the skin called a haemotoma . the blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising , leaving him unable to walk .
anders lindegaard tied the knot with swedish model misse beqiri last year . the 31-year-old moved to manchester united in 2010 after signing from aalesunds but has failed to make an impact . the goalkeeper has made just 19 league appearances for united .
lance armstrong has said the world anti-doping agency and others are ` owed an apology ' from him for cheating during his cycling career . wada director general david howman said this week that he is disappointed armstrong had not apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits before the former cycling champion admitted using performance-enhancing drugs . armstrong initially declined comment on howman 's remark , but on wednesday provided the ap with a may 2013 email exchange with howman , who initially indicted
hein verbruggen has now written to all uci board members saying he has put the ` scandalously biased ' report into the hands of lawyers . he also rejected a call from current uci president brian cookson to resign his honorary presidency . the former head of international cycling says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president .
mesut ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he did n't do enough against chelsea on sunday . the german needs to start performing to live up to his # 42m tag . ozil was tidy , nothing more than a killer pass for oscar to be wiped out .
rickie lambert has scarcely been given a chance since joining liverpool . the england striker has played the equivalent of roughly six-and-a-half games . brendan rodgers has killed off lambert 's career and you 've got to feel sorry for the player . at the time he was a confident striker -- playing regularly in the premier league and scoring goals for southampton .
daley blind is a poverty-stricken pauper 's version of carrick in that position . the dortmund midfield pair of ilkay gundogan and sven bender fit the bill . louis van gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn manchester united into title contenders .
patrick vieira is set to complete his uefa pro licence this summer . the welshman has been part of manchester city 's coaching team since he retired from international football at the age of 21 . vieieira has been given manuel pellegrini 's capitulation at city .
legendary barcelona captain carles puyol is said to be training with a view to ending his retirement from football for a lucrative end-of-career spell in qatar or the united states . the 36-year-old retired last may after struggling to return from a persistent knee injury that had troubled him . reports claim he could be set for a return to playing with new york city or al-sadd after returning to training .
toby huntington-whiteley , 25 , stars in the new summer advert for men 's clothing brand jacamo . the personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer freddie flintoff , 37 , as they model the latest collection of clothing for the brand 's summer campaign .
the robots , collectively called avert , are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece . they are fitted with on-board sensors , including two lasers and a digital camera . sensors help the avert tool move the vehicle without human intervention , while avoiding obstacles .
roscosmos ' problems began shortly after a russian soyuz 2-1a rocket launched the progress resupply vehicle . but once progress had arrived on orbit , only confirmation of its solar array deployment and some of the navigational antennas were made . nasa 's mission control reported that a video camera on progress showed it to be spinning at a ` rather significant rate ' .
taline gabrielian , 33 , of sydney 's northern beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites . the hippie lane app consistently sits in the top three of ` most popular food and drink ' apps on itunes since its release in january . she attributes all her success to the re-imagining of sweet tooth favourites .
researchers at yahoo labs in california have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device . bodyprint was devised by christian holz , senaka buthpitiya , and marius knaust from the californian-based yahoo . details of its algorithm are included in their paper , bodyprint : biometric user identification on mobile devices using the capacitive touchscreen to scan body parts .
the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby . salt connects to an app on a user 's android handset or iphone via bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet . the card was created by joel paglione and niko zistakis .
matthew colvin , 26 , was behind bars on tuesday in southhaven , mississippi , and will be extradited back to memphis on wednesday . an employee discovered the glasses , valued at more than $ 2,000 , had been taken out of a display case during business hours . colvin faces up to 12 years in prison for the theft .
ssangyong has given its new sporty five-door family runaround a very european name - tivoli . it arrives in the uk this summer in three trim levels - se , ex , elx - with a choice of front-wheel drive or ` intelligent ' 4x4 and seven airbags across the range .
advert came under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners . transport for london are in the process of removing the ad , and now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster . dove 's real beauty campaign encourages women to appreciate their bodies , regardless of size and shape .
fabio lavato proposed to his girlfriend laura knight in their cineworld . the 30 second video ended with a picture of the couple and the words ` laura i have a question for you ' . the italian-born fabio says he always knew he wanted to marry laura .
researchers found the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal ` reaction chamber ' in its stomach . when threatened , the diminutive bug can repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear , complete with ` gun smoke ' . this behaviour has been caught on camera by wendy moore and her colleagues at the university of arizona .
the pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on tuesday afternoon and taken to the humane society for immediate treatment . a note on the cardboard container , left on a woman 's car , indicated they were born last friday and their mother had died . in a bid to save their lives , vets decided to put the young dogs with a surrogate cat . as kit the tabby had recently nursed her own kittens , she was able to feed the puppies with her own milk .
carl froch was due to fight julio cesar chavez jr. in las vegas . but a shoulder injury forced the nottingham world champion to pull out . chavez faces andrzej fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on saturday night .
jason matthews , 40 , left his black saab 93 in a side street on his way to the starting line of the manchester marathon on april 19 . but when the runner from wolverhampton finished the race he was unable to remember where he had parked it . he spent five hours searching for his missing car , even retracing some of the marathon route before enlisting the help of a taxi driver . however , his car has now been found safe and sound by adam co
jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator 's barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near canary wharf by his girlfriend 's father mark harris . the 23-year-old , who moments before carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing , is captured standing before her stretching his muscles .
paul smith has landed a shot at the unbeaten californian andre ward . the fight in oakland , california will not be for ward 's wba super-middleweight world title . ward has not fought since he beat edwin rodriguez on points in november 2013 .
jack grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide through a balloon . the 19-year-old was pictured taking so-called ` hippy crack ' , a legal high , after a night out nearly a year ago . aston villa manager tim sherwood will not repeat his mistake .
england defeated west indies in the second test at twickenham . england captain alastair cook took a catch at first slip and claimed the wicket of chanderpaul . anderson may have won it with his extraordinary display but the key to me in england going one-up was the captaincy and batting of cook .
the rubber bowl in akron , ohio , was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the university of akron 's football team for 68 years . it hosted acts like the rolling stones , ringo starr , black sabbath , simon & garfunkel , alice cooper , bon jovi , van halen , metallica , tom petty , bob dylan , the grateful dead and aretha franklin . the university purchased the title to the stadium for
leslie cooper , 61 , appeared in court charged with murdering iman abdul hadi arwani . officers searched the noor community centre and a man 's home last night . they also visited the home of burnell mitchell , who is a director at the community centre where mr arwandan used to preach .
seven-year-old lacey mccarty and five-month-old christopher swist were found dead in palm bay , florida , in march . their mother , jessica , was arrested on march 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident . investigators say she left a note behind saying she was ` sorry for what she had to do ' just 24 hours before their death .
hector morejon , 19 , was shot dead by a long beach , california , police officer on thursday while in a vacant apartment . his mother lucia morejon said he was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident . she went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance .
the incident happened on thursday afternoon near the fulton county courthouse in downtown atlanta . major darin schierbaum said police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw christian sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck . christian was taken into custody and placed in a patrol car .
australian prime minister tony abbott thrilled players at a sydney australian rules football club function by skolling a beer . it appeared to take the prime minister about six seconds to down the schooner . players cheered and chanted ` skol ' and ` tony ' .
kayonna cole held her female rose hair spider up to the camera . footage shows exotic pet owner kayonna holding her hand steady . but once again the spider 's owner remains calm and holds her hand still for the spider . tarantula has low toxicity venom similar to that of a bee sting .
adorable baby elephant had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at idube game reserve in south africa . but when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass . eventually he fell over and landed trunk first - down in the mud .
video captured by a visitor to the abq biopark zoo in albuquerque . with its front left leg already placed on its mother rozie . before steadying itself and lunging forward with both its back legs . later in the video the elephant appears to consider whether or not it is content with its current position .
abc news gray 's ` catastrophic ' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt ` in the back door of the van ' . they claimed there was ` no evidence ' gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest , which was caught on camera on a street side on april 12 . news comes hours after baltimore police admitted transporting gray made a previously unreported stop .
alice springs kangaroo roger was gifted his new friend by a fan . sanctuary manager chris barnes said the bunny quickly became attached to the bunny , but soon tired of it . but mr barnes and his team made the mistake of trying to take it away from him so he tried to attack me instead .
ap mccoy will be attending the wedding of one of wife chanelle 's friends . the exorbitant cost of a ticket means he will not be heading to las vegas to watch mayweather and pacquiao in europe . he can aim to reduce his own golf handicap .
liam ridgewell writes his second column for sportsmail with the 2015 major league soccer season well under way in the united states . the 30-year-old from bexleyheath discusses his family 's visits to portland , coming up against orlando city 's brazilian star kaka and the upcoming clash against seattle sounders .
peter scudamore won his 4,000 th race at towcester on november 7 , 2013 . he has won virtually every big race in the calendar but mccoy 's greatest feat has to be the immense tally of winners he has ridden . richard johnson is closest to him and the gap is around 1,500 winners .
lada 's 4x4 niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the russian carmaker and has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks . the niva is also available in a compact van format -lrb- # 10,590 , excluding vat and road tax -rrb- .
stella maxwell , 24 , was born to irish parents stella maynes and maurice maxwell . she has since gone on to land coveted campaigns for asos , alexander mcqueen , h&m , river island and urban outfitters , as well as vogue and elle editorials .
jumbo jet would carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon . it contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen . more sleeping space is provided in the ` aeroloft ' on the top deck of the vessel , with eight full beds for passengers .
fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste . like the infamous scene from dumb and dumber involving ice , a ski lift and a tongue , the fly becomes attached to the frozen beef steak . as the video goes on the fly tries harder and harder to set itself free -- beating its legs , heaving itself backwards and twisting slightly .
saige , five , from the us , concludes the passionate rant by declaring she will move out and stay with her mum 's best friend : ` i 'm going to jenn 's ! ' . unfortunately for her , her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her daughter , responding : ` no you 're not ' .
nebraska zoo 's henry doorley zoo was on a day trip to the zoo . but the gorilla 's friend in the background is n't quiet as keen on the game . the gorilla then launches himself , and his hundreds of pounds , at the little girl , hitting the glass with such force it cracks .
the 79th edition of the masters is held at augusta national golf club . sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at the club . nick faldo , louis oosthuizen and the late great seve ballesteros all feature . click here for the first part of our countdown .
billy joe patton shot two birdies in three holes from the 15th on sunday and a good approach into the 18th left him with a 20-footer to beat david duval and fred couples . mark o'meara 's chances of a major championship appeared to have gone despite a fine career and many victories on the pga tour .
lewis hamilton won the bahrain grand prix ahead of mercedes team-mate nico rosberg . the briton claimed his third victory in four races so far this season . hamilton 's mercedes lead the championship to 27 points over hamilton . the german is 27 points ahead of hamilton with four races remaining .
lewis hamilton is 13 points clear of mercedes team-mate sebastian vettel . hamilton won the chinese grand prix on the run down to turn 1 . rosberg feared he might be overtaken by hamilton before the second round of pit stops .
the shanghai circuit was built and straight into the desert of bahrain - only in a formula one world championship . the circuit itself has n't quite delivered many spectacular races , and you will be hard pressed to create a top five . the in-field has had a cosmetic makeover , while you wo n't be surprised to know little has changed since in the desert .
the shanghai circuit held the inaugural chinese grand prix in 2004 . ricardo zonta featured late on in the 2004 season and has been home to the event ever since . the brazilian had replaced the sacked cristiano da matta but this would be his penultimate race start in formula one .
zafar ansari makes his international debut against ireland in malahide . the 23-year-old surrey spin-bowling all-rounder is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the american south . ansari also has an eye on a career in academia one day .
former arsenal flop nicklas bendtner was not included in the wolfsburg squad for sunday 's draw against schalke . the denmark international was due to start the match but ended up being dropped from the entire squad after his poor timekeeping landed him in hot water . manager dieter hecking said bendtners would have started the match if he had n't turned up late .
bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater goldsands stadium . the away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the south stand and the east stand . manager eddie howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage when they are playing in front of a home crowd .
manchester united 's pre-season tour of the usa will take place this summer . louis van gaal 's desire to head to america rather than asia was unhappy . united will play once again in the international champions ' cup , the tournament they won in america last summer .
chelsea will face paris saint-germain in a pre-season friendly on july 25 . blues were sent crashing out on away goals at the last-16 stage . jose mourinho 's side will feature in across the pond as they gear up to defend a probable premier league title .
raheem sterling was told in no uncertain terms by liverpool supporters that they expect him to remain at the club this summer on the day he was parading the club 's new home kit . new balance struck a record-breaking # 300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company warrior as liverpool 's suppliers . the message was ` hold nothing back ' as sterling , daniel sturridge , martin skrtel and simon mignolet unveiled the new home
liverpool have become the first premier league club to release their new kit . home kit -lrb- 1983-1985 -rrb- ends three seasons of the reds having their kit manufactured by warrior where , despite a string of smart home strips , away kits ranged from the bright to the bizarre . sportsmail picks out its five favourites from over the years .
west ham have announced a new five-year deal with umbro . the hammers join fellow premier league sides everton and hull . umbro produced the first-ever west ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s when the likes of bobby moore , sir geoff hurst and martin peters famously wore the claret and blue in their 1964 fa cup triumphs .
manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their summer us tour . the club are expected to jet across the atlantic in july for a trip of around 12 days , which would have been an ideal opportunity to showcase their new gear . louis van gaal has had a big input on united 's pre-season plans .
bon apetit has revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under the tap . it does n't matter if the water is hot or cold but you should try to keep the cut edge away from the direct flow of water . then turn your oven on to a warm temperature - around 150 degrees - and stick the bread inside .
the most searched for term globally is hiv and aids , followed by herpes and then human papilloma virus -lrb- hpv -rrb- . in the uk , chlamydia seemed to cause most concern , and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed std in the country . in europe , norway came out as what the maps called a ` herpes hotspot ' generating the most searches per capita .
newcastle united fans have been encouraged to stand up in protest against owner mike ashley 's running of the club . fans group ashleyout.com was behind last sunday 's boycott of the 3-1 defeat at home to spurs , which saw at least 10,000 supporters stay away as their side lost a sixth game on the spin . fans are unhappy at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition which has left them with a threadbare squad in danger of relegation
ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team . he clashed with marlon samuels during the second test between west indies and england . but stokes responded positively to the row after talking to england coach peter moores . england must make sure they do not quash that natural exuberance and desire to take someone on .
pattie boyd married both george harrison and eric clapton in 1979 . she wed for a third time yesterday at the age of 71 , with a soundtrack provided by her irish terrier freddie . the couple look delighted as their leave the town hall to a shower of confetti .
floyd mayweather jr. is boxing 's undisputed world champion . he has spent his adult life over-compensating for the deprivation he once knew . the mouthguard will wear during ` the fight of the century ' with manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on saturday night .
brazilian midfielder kaka wore a vest on which he had printed the proud statement ' i belong to jesus ' . the image of a man not afraid to display his faith was an affront to public decency , he said . kaka was not mocked or ridiculed for the message on his clothes .
chris ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs . qpr were sliding deeper into trouble and there were also those saying ramsey 's struggles were an indication black managers tend to fail on the rare occasions they are given a chance . john barnes ' troubled reign at celtic ended after an infamous scottish cup defeat by inverness caley thistle .
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal at the emirates on sunday afternoon . raheem sterling has been labelled an ingrate and a fool by brendan rodgers . the 20-year-old has been left on his existing one that is hardly a heinous act or a trigger for angst .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the scales next friday . this formality for checking that combatants weigh no more than the stipulated poundage for each division started to become an event in its own right in 2007 when ricky hatton went to las vegas to take his man of la mancha tilt at the windmill . no fewer than 30,000 of the manchester hitman 's army followed him across the atlantic and thousands of them turned up
kell brook faces amir khan at london 's o2 arena on may 20 . promoter eddie hearn says he will be happy to box him in the next year . khan 's father shah as his son gets ready to confirm the over-criticised chris algieri as his opponent .
floyd mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbed with his usual diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $ 100 bills . total cost , according to his favourite website tmz , is $ 25,000 . pay-per-view watchers in america will have to pay up to $ 100 -lrb- # 67.48 -rrb- to watch the fight .
anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham . anderson played for burnley cc , a club which produced more than its share of first-class cricketers . lancashire under-17s failed to spot anderson at a second trial before they were convinced .
paul pogba and his representatives are understood to have met psg president nasser al khelaifi in monte carlo on tuesday . barcelona have also shown an intention to bid for the france international . edinson cavani is considering his options and could be set for a move away from paris .
sami khedira is being courted by several clubs including manchester united and chelsea . the germany international has not played as often as he would have liked at real madrid since last summer 's world cup . united have also discussed the possibility of reviving their interest in paris st germain 's energetic midfielder blaise matuidi .
ander herrera has impressed manchester united 's scouts throughout his career at real sociedad and athletic bilbao . his absence from the starting line-up earlier this season was noted and they will see whether he continues to figure so prominently once united add further midfielders in the summer . former barcelona director of football txiki begiristain also considered herrera when he first joined manchester city but the concern has always been about whether he has the physique to withstand the premier league .
jose mourinho said sunday 's game at the emirates was the best terry had ever played . terry is in a real purple patch and his reading of the game is better than ever . the blues skipper is in prime position each time to make the telling tackle or interception .
arsenal have conceded just two goals in their last six clashes with arsenal . arsene wenger can not be underestimated , according to martin keown . arsenal should dominate possession while chelsea are more likely to sit deep and use the electric pace of eden hazard and willian on the break .
jack grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide . he was outstanding against liverpool but it was one game -- he has not made it yet . at arsenal , arsene wenger changed the attitude completely . he said as professional athletes we had a duty to look after our bodies .
aston villa were one of the founder members of the football league and in the early years of the fa cup , the trophy was almost theirs to keep . previous generations at villa have seen success and can be too demanding . tim sherwood and his players will be desperate to become part of the fabric of a fantastic club .
patrick vieira could be next in line to replace manchester city boss manuel pellegrini at the etihad stadium . the frenchman was a ferocious competitor on the pitch but off it he is a class act . patrick has an aura about him -- when he enters a room , people pay attention .
spain won the euro 2013 and their brilliant young players are thriving right now . but the current champions league quarter-finals are beginning to say something quite interesting about spain 's ` relevo ' . if you do n't speak spanish , that term might mean very little to you . but i bet you can intuituit . relevo is like ` relief ' as in the armed forces term for the relief watch .
carlo ancelotti was speaking after real madrid 's 10th european cup triumph last year . the ` fat boy with the bowl full of emilian tortellini ' told an italian journalist : ` yes we 've made history by winning la decima -- but this is madrid . lose two games next season and i 'll still be an `` idiot '' ' . cristiano ronaldo scored his team 's fourth late in extra time to secure the famous
paris saint-germain face marseille in ligue 1 on sunday night . the home side are two points behind the visitors who have won seven of france 's last eight classique matches . coach marcelo bielsa has been about football for so long that it has devoured him .
chris smalling has been at the forefront of manchester united 's resurgence . former england fast bowler now spends life on the sky sports undercard . bayern munich 's thomas muller led the post-porto celebrations at the allianz arena on tuesday .
shivnarine chanderpaul and steve davis remain heroic despite their advancing years . the west indies batsman is a throwback to when test cricket was true to its roots . but the 40-year-old 's longevity is staggering . only the truest sportsmen keep going when nobody else cares .
the future of test cricket could be in line for a change now colin graves is the new ecb chief . tracey neville has played and worked her way to the very top of her sport and is now in charge of england . the leeds rhinos half-back has all his dental work done without anaesthetic .
jack wilshere was making his first appearance for the gunners since recovering from ankle surgery on november 22 . the 23-year-old is one of arsenal 's own , a product of the fabled hale end academy and an example to young recruits that it is possible to make a first-team breakthrough . england manager roy hodgson has preferred to deploy him in a defensive role for the national team .
oscar has n't completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since mid-january . cristiano ronaldo missed a good chance at stoke , where he was replaced at half time . mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive before . the brazilian has missed a number of good chances at real madrid .
arsene wenger has a look in the direction of jose mourinho during the stalemate at the emirates . both bosses were far from being in a combative mood in their pre match interviews . jose was nigh on glowing about arsenal 's ` creative team ' with -lrb- amazing , fantastic solutions -rrb- . arsene said one of the important motivators for his team was ` to share positive emotions with our fans ' .
ian wright was dead sheepish about it in the bbc 's on-site studio . the gunners beat reading 1-0 at wembley in the fa cup final on saturday . wright believes the bt sport will have minded presenting their coverage from hq . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
gary neville co-commentated with martin tyler during sky sports coverage of the manchester derby . smalling was an unlikely goalscorer against city and neville had a zinger to match it . neville analysed the goal by saying : ` smalling has scored . it 's a mauling for city ' .
harry redknapp joined bt sport presenter jake humphrey for live broadcast of arsenal vs liverpool at the emirates on saturday . the former tottenham gaffer chuckled at jake 's notion of being in ` hostile territory ' as he joined in with the conversations that surrounded this crucial game . harry had almost single-handedly managed to nearly shift the emphasis away from who would get the points to how many pounds he might get .
gareth bale is a transfer target for manchester united , chelsea and manchester city according to sources in spain . carlo ancelotti has said he wants the winger to remain at the club . bale has indicated , publicly at least , that he wants to stay at real .
raheem sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week contract with liverpool . the 20-year-old could lower his value by buying-out the last year of his current deal for # 1.7 million . liverpool insist they will hold firm and not be forced into selling sterling in the close season .
liverpool have put a # 50million price tag on raheem sterling if they opt to sell the 20-year-old . it could decide where gareth bale ends up if one club gets sterling and the other two miss out . liverpool will not budge from their # 100,000-a-week contract offer to england international sterling .
charlie hull can make it to the very top of the women 's game if she carries on her progression . hull possesses the same ` wow ' factor as world no 1 rory mcilroy . the 19-year-old was keen to know about the revamp planned by the trump family under the guidance of course architect martin ebert .
jordan spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new masters champion . the texan flew to new york last week and gave 25 interviews over the course of 24 hours . spieth also committed to the cadillac match play championship in san francisco next week because it is the tour 's flagship competition .
the 79th masters attracted massive ratings in the usa and there is no surprise in that . but they also tuned in to watch a man with a common touch and a depth of sincerity that reached into the heart of every household . spieth must have killed forever the idea that you have to have a cold heart and a ruthless edge to be a winner .
tiger woods practised to spots where he knows the flags will be located over the four days of the tournament . woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf . european ryder cup captain darren clarke greeted woods at augusta national golf club .
nico rosberg blamed lewis hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up as the attacking ferrari driver of sebastian vettel closed on him . hamilton was emotionally charged minutes after the chinese grand prix nothing seemed to make sense to him . the german driver appeared in his mind as a blurry figure of hate .
psv eindhoven won their first eredivisie title since 2008 . memphis depay scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in holland . jim lawlor , their chief scout , had been doing his homework long before depay reached the total which louis van gaal holds in such high regard .
michael owen scored a hat-trick for liverpool in a 3-3 draw with sheffield wednesday . owen was the new kid on the block in the premier league and scored three at hillsborough in 1998 . some believe he will be the next name jotted on that prestigious list .
arsene wenger and arsenal 's board do n't get fooled into thinking they have got all the tools they need at their disposal . this is the summer when arsenal must go for it and make the big additions that will stop them being nearly-men . mourinho did n't mess around after finishing behind manchester city and liverpool in la liga success .
chelsea winger eden hazard is among the front runners to win the pfa player of the year award this season . john terry recently revealed he had chosen liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho as his nomination . hazard will have to beat off competition from manchester united goalkeeper david de gea .
tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half-time during the wear-tyne derby . sportsmail 's jamie carragher criticised the newcastle keeper for appearing to congratulate defoe shortly after he 's scored against you in a match of such importance ? there is no more appropriate place for sportsmanship .
eddie howe is a contender for my ` 10 to watch ' for next season . bournemouth 's players slide along the turf in delight after their dream came true on monday night . the barclays premier league will bring different demands for this young man , who is still only 37 .
aston villa beat liverpool 1-0 in the fa cup final at wembley on sunday . jack grealish , fabian delph and christian benteke scored for the hosts . tim sherwood has done a brilliant job with villa this season . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
liverpool face liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . christian benteke is superb in the air and martin skrtel will have his hands full . fabian delph 's new deal was a real boost for villa but he has improved so much .
manchester united had four different scorers on sunday . juan mata , marcus rojo over chris smalling and ashley young have improved . louis van gaal wants to pick the right person at the right time . the only potential problem would be a michael carrick injury .
sportsmail 's jamie redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend . alexis sanchez , bobby zamora and joleon lescott also feature . sportsmail ' santi cazorla also makes the cut . click here to see how sportsmail rated the weekend 's premier league goals .
mesut ozil scored twice as arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday . the german has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games . ozil does n't charge around like alexis sanchez so people are quick to criticise him . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
kolo toure and mamadou sakho are in contention to replace martin skrtel for saturday 's clash with in-form arsenal striker olivier giroud . per mertesacker v daniel sturridge has lost count of the number of times i have covered arsenal games . arsenal go second to put huge pressure on manchester city .
michael carrick has been unappreciated in this country . but the only future england need to be focusing on is euro 2016 . if that means going with a 34-year-old carrick in the heart of midfield , so be it . sir alex ferguson believes carrick is the best english player in the game .
martin allen returns with his latest column for sportsmail . the barnet manager talks about how important it is for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season . allen played for millwall , liverpool and arsenal not the us president , visited barnet and left me a nice packet of milk chocolate biscuits in my office .
carl froch has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may . there is also the possibility of paul smith-andre ward in the pipeline . anthony dirrell 's people have already been in touch with carl froch about a fight against james degale .
scott quigg is desperate to fight carl frampton on july 18 . promoter eddie hearn produced a cheque for # 1.5 m on tuesday . frampton is the one who might earn less if this only generates average pay-per-view numbers then he might only make a third .
richie benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native australia and for the bbc . he became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests . benaud had n't bowled yet but had picked up his bowling marker , a small white disc , and thrown it to where he thought he 'd be starting his run-up .
the world cup is simply about the world 's best coming together and ridiculous rules like this demean it . toulon 's steffon armitage came off the bench against leinster on sunday and turned the game on its head . it 's simply wrong to say england are best served by players at london irish .
sam burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time for bath on friday night . the switch from midfield has worked for myself and the team . burgess thought no 6 would suit the way we are trying to play as a team and also suit my personal strengths and i agreed .
steffon armitage has been one of the standout forwards in europe in recent seasons . toulon flanker was outstanding for clermont auvergne last weekend . rfu and stuart lancaster are being urged to invoke the ` exceptional circumstances ' get-out clause .
charlie piutau rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in favour of a season in belfast , in 2016-17 . the australian was infuriated by the softly-soft stance of ireland coach joe schmidt whose final say on release of test players meant he was forced to rest a raft of leading lights for the pro 12 clash with leaders glasgow .
michael oliver was only going to award what he felt was a stonewall spot kick when oscar was clipped by bellerin but i agreed with oliver that the contact was accidental and minimal . the fall was exaggerated and that might have influenced oliver as he cautioned the spaniard for simulation .
england are awarded a penalty during their european u19 women 's championships qualifier in belfast . japanese referee toshimitsu yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to bahrain after the uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1-0 up . this happened in the 38th minute and fifa ordered that the entire match be replayed which did not please either team .
scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up glenn murray for palace 's first goal -lrb- 2 -rrb- . he was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move before dann got the ball and for murray 's finish . the speed of it , plus two players blocking his view , made it unbelievably hard for him to get all three right .
leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points , seven off safety . win on saturday and they will be out of the relegation zone . nigel pearson and his men , their season starts now . it has been a superhuman effort and they have fought to get themselves in a position where they have something to play for .
tim sherwood returns to white hart lane to face tottenham on saturday . villa boss is a passionate man but he ca n't afford to let things get personal . sherwood was in charge of the youth set-up for years and the club are now reaping the rewards with a team full of academy players .
calum chambers , eric dier and john stones have all enjoyed excellent premier league campaigns . tottenham defender dier has grown in stature as the season has progressed at white hart lane . stones are still 20 and dier is 21 , but there are no signs of fear in their games .
tony mccoy thanked the racing public for making the last two months of his career the most memorable of all as their appreciation helped him cope with the thought of retirement . the northern irishman has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country as well as travelling over to ireland , with the attendance at usually mundane midweek meetings boosted by his presence . the decision to quit seemed to some to come out of the blue , while the great racing public came out in force and honoured mcc
ap mccoy rode a mount around the surrey track , racing the rest of the field and one of the red-and-blue trains that hurry along behind the tree line on the far side of the course . the 40-year-old was presented the champion jockey trophy by ian wright .
ap mccoy described the final day of his record-breaking career as ` the hardest day ' of his life as he left sandown on saturday night and headed into retirement . the iron-man of jump racing , shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle . princess anne , a renown horseman herself , told the racing post : ` to win 20 championships is an exceptional achievement , perhaps unmatched in any
former real madrid ace kaka and canadian international cyle larin proved the difference as orlando city earned all three points against portland timbers . darlington nagbe proved the timbers biggest threat but aurelien collin and co stood strong in defence to earn their second away win of the season .
ap mccoy 's mount shutthefrontdoor is owned by his boss jp mcmanus . the 19-time champion jockey has ridden him three times before . cause of causes also has very good reasons why he should be backed . royale knight is a horse which has caught my eye .
ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires from professional racing for good . the cheltenham gold cup winner has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness andrew thornton 's entire career . thornton has been riding for jonjo o'neill .
the 40-year-old rider has two final rides at sandown on saturday . he said : ` to be fair to steve redgrave , you have to put your body through physical torture to try and win a fifth gold medal in boat ' . redgrave famously returned to success despite retiring and vowing never to return to professional racing .
the 15-year-old ap left his home in moneyglass , county antrim , to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey 's life at the stable of jim bolger in county kilkenny . claire mccoy says seeing ` anthony ' leave left her ` heartbroken ' .
adam gemili has announced his participation in the sainsbury 's anniversary games this summer . gemili says usain bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice . the young british athlete says he is nowhere near bolt 's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon .
british cyclist becky james has been out injured for a whole year . the 29-year-old is desperate to get back on to the track after her recent injuries . james supported boyfriend george north during wales ' six nations campaign . the british cycling star is hoping to return to regular training .
royal bank of scotland has racked up # 50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers and warned it faces another ` tough year ' . comes after rbs was forced to put aside # 856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided , including an extra # 334million for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market .
justine miliband and miriam clegg proved once more that they are the ones who wear the trousers . they looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget deficit airline , ready for their long haul flight to or from the land of austerity . samantha cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west london .
afc bournemouth will start season in second place for first time in 100 years . cherries name would start ahead of arsenal 's by virtue of the alphabet . arsenal have theoretically started each season since 1915/16 at the summit of england 's top tier , although the advent of the first world war meant it was only in 1919 .
dame sally davies has ordered a cost review into giving all under-fours free vitamin d supplements . the country 's chief medical officer is said to be concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition , which is caused by a deficiency in vitamin d . the disease was virtually eradicated after the second world war but is returning as more and more youngsters are used to staying indoors playing video games than going outside .
lee joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence and abandoning passengers aboard the sewol by a district court following last year 's disaster . but this was increased to life in prison today by an appellate court that convicted him of homicide by account of his ` willful negligence ' . most of the victims were teenagers who were en route to a southern island for a school trip .
palermo president maurizio zamparini has slapped a $ 50million -lrb- # 36m -rrb- price tag on paulo dybala . manchester united , chelsea , arsenal , inter milan , juventus and psg will have to spend big to sign the ` new lionel messi ' . the former manchester city manager 's fiercest competition would be ligue 1 champions psg .
theo walcott believes arsenal have been the ` best team in europe ' . the 26-year-old has struggled to maintain a first team place under arsene wenger this season . walcott watched on from the bench again before a late substitute appearance against chelsea on sunday .
francis coquelin has defended olivier giroud after thierry henry 's claim that arsenal need a ` top quality striker ' to win the premier league next season . the french midfielder believes he must sign a new striker as well as three more players if they are to compete for the title . giroud scored 14 premier league goals for arsene wenger 's side this campaign .
olivier giroud appeared to misinterpret a question about arsene wenger praising his animal instincts in arsenal 's build-up to their 0-0 draw with chelsea . the striker has scored 18 goals this season , but giroud wants to end the season with arsenal in second and another fa cup victory .
airbus a320 had set off from incheon international airport in seoul , south korea to hiroshima , when it is believed to have missed the landing point . local media were on the scene to report on a plane that crash landed and skidded off the runway . emergency services are at the scene , with injured passengers being taken to hospital .
mario gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute . dynamo kiev 's jeremain lens was given his marching orders shortly before the interval for an apparent dive . fiorentina had one foot in the next stage of europa league semi-finals .
the attraction , at fancesa limestone quarry in sucre , bolivia , comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints . frequent landslides reveal new ones , some of which belong to unknown species . the wall , which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world , is approximately 390 feet -lrb- 120 metres -rrb- tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs .
us researchers claim that exact prices of goods on ebay attract higher offers than those with more specific prices . in terms of the study , the word ` odd ' is used to represent an unusual number , and not the opposite of even . competitive options for buyers and sellers can define a limit beyond which they will not go , but there is still a range of prices that fall within those limits .
jack wilshere has been out since november with an ankle injury . arsenal captain mikel arteta and injury-prone abou diaby are in line to feature against burnley on saturday . laurent koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury .
palaeontologists in china say the impeccably preserved fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago . the strange-looking creature had small stiff feathers on its body and long finger-like bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane . the dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap .
ravel morrison posted a picture of himself posing in his new lazio bathrobe on his official instagram account . the 22-year-old was released from his last contract at west ham following a series of disciplinary problems . morrison signed a pre-contract agreement with lazio in january .
super sub yevhen shakhov earned dnipro a place in the europa league semi-finals after breaking brugge hearts with a late winner on thursday night . the midfielder latched on to a ruslan rotan pass as the ukrainian 's hit on the counter attack to settle a tie that looked to be heading for extra-time after last week 's goalless draw in belgium . the belgian league leaders set the record for
the pictures were taken by the cat 's owner jason bryant in shepton mallet , somerset . the pair battle it out on a rooftop like a real life version of much-loved cartoon duo tom and jerry . it is an age-old rivalry that rarely ends well for one of its parties .
sevilla beat sevilla 1-0 in the europa league last 16 first leg . carlos bacca opened the scoring for the champions with a late equaliser . vitolo had been brought down by neto after five minute . beto dropped the ball , under no pressure , at the feet of salomon rondon .
jaysh al-islam - or army of islam - reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside syria . dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the ` largest military parade witnessed ' .
between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in baltimore on monday were also used 825 miles away in ferguson during last summer 's violence . the firm said the link suggests the presence of ` professional protesters ' or anarchists who are in the city and are looking to take advantage of freddie gray 's death to incite more violence .
henley and partners created a visa restrictions index , which ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy . the score was calculated based on visa regulations of all countries and territories in the world , and the number of other countries that their citizens can travel to without having to obtain a visa . taking the lowest spots were afghanistan -lrb- 94 and able to visit 31 countries -rrb- , iraq , pakistan and somalia .
lindy klim , yogi and instagram star sjana earp , and former commonwealth games pole vaulter amanda bisk starred at the we are handsome fashion week australia show . the show was held at white city tennis club in paddington and featured real life fitness influencers .
akira isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on wednesday morning . while some models were embellished with just sequinned brows , others sported an entire mask of face bling . hours after akira 's show , models at bondi bather also showcased the sequins on their face .
charlie bothuell iv and monique dillard-bothuell , who was 12 when he was found in the basement of his family 's detroit townhouse last june , testified against his father and stepmother . he said his home was a ` very terrible ' place where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe , forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children . he revealed his treatment was so horrific , he attempted suicide in a bid to escape his parents
serena williams beat italy 's sara errani 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 6-3 in the fed cup play-off on sunday . the united states a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five series . brindisi-born flavia pennetta was facing 65th-ranked christina mchale .
a man smacked a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor . he got the shock of his life when he squashed the hairy beast with a broom . the female wolf spider produces a silk mat into which she deposits 100 eggs . after hatching , the babies crawl onto the mother 's back and remain there .
serena williams beat carla suarez navarro 6-2 6-0 in saturday 's final . the world no 1 won the final 10 games in a row to claim her eighth miami open title in 14 years . the american has dominated since winning her first crown back in 2002 .
puffin was spotted swimming in the grand union canal earlier this month . was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket before being handed to a specialist centre in dorset . more commonly seen in iceland and the north atlantic , it was spotted near the a4 flyover at brentford .
isis jihadis understood to have been fighting local groups in the hammam al-alil area when several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment . when doctors refused on grounds they do not support terror group 's activities , the men were brutally murdered . news comes as jihadis reportedly executed 60 sunni tribal fighters in iraq 's anbar province .
a coroner on monday said the baby found at muskingum university campus was nearly full term when she was born . the child 's mother is a student at the small school in new concord , authorities said last week , but they have refused to release her name . it 's the second time a baby has died of asphyxiation at the school .
chad geyen , 45 , of ramsey , minnesota , was found dead on sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home . he had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times , including his own foster son , between 1990 and 2013 . of the six individuals who have come forward , four are now adults .
david luiz opened the scoring for barcelona in the 34th minute at the nou camp . neymar doubled barcelona 's lead in the second half with a curling header . david luis then added a second with a deflected shot into the top corner . barcelona move into the champions league semi-finals after beating paris saint germain .
mirko ` cro cop ' filipovic stopped gabriel gonzaga in the third round . the fight was turned on its head in what proved to be the final round . filipino had not fought in the ufc since 2011 . jimi manuwa returned to the octagon after a year on the sidelines .
finnish military says it has dropped depth charges onto a suspected submarine in the sea outside helsinki after twice detecting the presence of a foreign object . finland , which shares an 833-mile border with russia , has been increasingly worried about its powerful neighbour after a year of russian air force sorties and military border exercises .
the 500ft-long oryol was in dock at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk , 620 miles north of moscow , on the white sea . defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
tennis golden girl eugenie bouchard crashed out of the miami open . the 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to world no 85 lesia tsurenko at indian wells before claiming she needed to chill out . davis posed for pictures with fellow canadian and olympic medalist walsh jennings .
serena williams beat simona halep 6-2 4-6 7-5 in the miami open final . the world no 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year . the romanian has actually lost this season to agnieszka radwanska .
anastasia pavlyuchenkova beat germany 's sabine lisicki 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 6-3 . svetlana kuznetsova beat julia goerges in straight sets in the opening rubber . the result left russia needing one win from three matches to reach the final and bag a first fed cup title since 2008 .
petra kvitova beat world no 29 caroline garcia in straight sets . czech republic will face germany or russia in the fed cup final in november . garcia double faulted twice in a row in the third game of the final set to drop her serve .
the 42nd pfa awards were held at the grosvenor house on sunday . tottenham striker harry kane appeared excited ahead of the ceremony . kane , the premier league 's second highest goalscorer this season , looked smart in his dinner suit and gold watch .
jonny may will start on the wing for gloucester at the stoop on friday . the 25-year-old has lost his england starting place in the final of the european challenge cup in a bid to claim a first significant piece of silverware since winning the same competition in 2006 . may insists the best years of his rugby life are ahead of him .
serena williams beat camila giorgi 7-6 -lrb- 5 -rrb- , 6-2 on the clay in brindisi , italy . neither player broke serve in a highly competitive first set , which was only decided when the forehand clipped the top of the net . the world no 1 can compete for the fed cup trophy next year .
islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer ' . his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama , syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer . the next photo shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body .
james hook will hope to showcase his ability in european challenge cup final . gloucester fly-half has n't given up on earning a wales recall ahead of this summer 's world cup . gareth anscombe is widely touted as wales ' likely world cup utility back .
eidur gudjohnsen opened the scoring for cardiff in the 73rd minute . craig davies doubled cardiff 's lead shortly after half-time . emile heskey doubled the lead in the second half . cardiff have a 13-point buffer on those in the relegation zone .
novak djokovic overcame a strong challenge from rafael nadal . the world no 1 is bidding to win his third masters title in a row . nadal lost the first two games of the match before battling back to set up a final against sixth seed tomas berdych on sunday .
warning : graphic content . at least 16 men , described by islamic state as ` followers of the cross from the enemy ethiopian church ' , are lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others are filmed being forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded . this follows another video in february of the beheading of a group of 21 coptic christians on the beach in libya , though that terrain was rockier than the one shown in the latest film .
victoria police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against ms gibson after people began to question her cancer claims and charity work last month . one of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception , but it had been dropped , according to the herald sun . however , police told daily mail australia that its position in regards to the ongoing investigation , spearheaded by consumer affairs victoria , had not changed .
military leaders in norway are nervous about its powerful neighbour 's presence on its ` strategically important ' coastline . some experts have criticised the shutting down of olavsvern naval base - a huge complex buried in mountainous terrain near the town of tromsoe . but fears have once again peaked after three russian ships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway which was once a heavily guarded military facility .
killer pilot andreas lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name ` skydevil ' . investigators also found search terms for disorders such as ` bipolar ' and ` manic depressive ' . european regulators warned germany 's aviation authority of inadequacies with its health check-ups in a regular review of air safety enforcement .
firefighters from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of grand valley state university in michigan after an april fools day prank involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke . one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate ; the firework landed in a laundry hamper , setting the contents on fire . no one was hurt , and the girl is not expected to face charges .
new england patriots quarterback tom brady updated his facebook page on wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a full body cast . but michael jordan , who was spotted playing some pick-up ball with the football player several days ago , wrote : ` jordan 's crossover no joke ! ' .
queens elizabeth i tried to ban them , possibly finding the cross a little too catholic . the move was greeted with uproar , so she compromised , saying they could only be sold on good friday , at christmas and for burials . nowadays supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers , from miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon .
dr stephen mcdonald , of newcastle university business school , analysed this pay-by-job system . he found car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers , which are female-dominated roles . but insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers who have jobs that mean they are likely to be male , such as construction workers and civil engineers .
the u.s. coffee giant is being probed over some of the methods it used to lower its tax bills . it could face millions of pounds in back taxes if they are found to be illegal . for the first time yesterday details emerged about the uk company at the heart of the probe , which is focusing on sweetheart tax deals between starbucks and the dutch government .
delrea good of portage , indiana says that on march 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for porter county sheriff 's department patrolman william marshall about a half a mile down the road from where he asked her to halt her vehicle . good says that when she was ordered to pull over , she put on her emergency flashers , and waved her hand out the window to let the cop know that she was aware of his presence and that she planned
binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain . this is because drinking excessive amounts of alcohol when young can damage the brain and cause permanent changes to dna . this can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism . however , they discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage .
images were taken by the karl g. jansky very large array in new mexico in 1996 and the second by an international team of astronomers last year . they show how the outflow of material from the star has dramatically expanded as it takes shape . but what has most excited astronomers is the change in shape of the violet area of super-hot electrified winds that are being ejected by the young star .
ee shops are planning to give away free portable chargers so people can revive their phones wherever they are . once the ee ` power bar ' runs down , customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any ee shop , or spend four hours charging it up themselves at home .
joe joiner , from east london , has created art installation in tribute . it is made up of heartfelt messages from people who have lost loved ones . over 50 families , all grieving for a loved one lost to asbestos , have contributed to the art project , with personal messages to their departed .
a dominican news outlet says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons alfy and pepe fanjul at casa de campo , a private dominican resort they own . the clintons discussed hillary 's presidential ambitions during the visit . the doctor is also at the center of criminal allegations now dogging a democratic u.s. senator .
the red dodge durango can be seen hurtling at 60 mph towards the school bus on an oklahoma highway at 8.20 am in tulsa , oklahoma , on monday morning . it crashes into an suv on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median . five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene . the driver of the suv , a 44-year-old man with a history of seizures ,
dan bilzerian made film in order to avoid jail after being accused of placing homemade explosives in a tractor and shooting them . he says : ` as an avid shooter remember to shoot responsibly and follow the rules . be responsible when shooting and clean up the area you were shooting in so others can enjoy the land ' .
steven allison , 37 , formerly of idle near bradford , west yorkshire , had been uploading pictures of himself in australia to facebook . he had already been on the run for a year when he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women . allison even joked about days being drunk in his hometown , including posts such as ` fooocking leathered that day , for a change haha -lsb- sic -rsb- ' .
the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military . the complaint alleges some of the most disturbing content is found in the songbooks of the 55th , 77th , and 79th fighter squadrons of the air force .
nigel farage 's controversial claim that foreign nationals with hiv should not be treated on the nhs was part of what insiders called a ` shock and awful ' strategy . ukip source revealed the party had initially planned for mr farage to mention the number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis . but when it was discovered that the antiretroviral drugs were more expensive , a decision was taken to use that example instead .
celebrity chef 's fat duck named eighth best restaurant in world . alinea , run by uber-talented grant achatz , retains crown for fourth year running . raymond blanc 's belmond le manoir aux quat 's aisons also made top 100 . chicago 's only three-michelin-starred restaurant is the brainchild of culinary prodigy .
thomas brock , 30 , died when he was fatally shot at his home in pasadena , california , after being involved in an argument with another motorist . brothers steven and jacob rodriguez , 24 , have been charged with capital murder following the alleged road rage killing . mr brock 's widow julie brock said she and her husband had no idea who the men were .
the mother was stuck in traffic behind president obama 's motorcade in louisville , kentucky , on thursday . dispatchers received a call at 5.15 pm from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital . the roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown .
påhoj was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz . it has a ` lightweight chassis ' and is 3.2 ft -lrb- 1 metre -rrb- tall . the parent cycles to their destination , and once they arrive , can unclip the seat and push it like a regular buggy .
teachers have warned that schools are now having to deal with pupils across the uk speaking up to 300 languages . they also said english-speaking children are not getting their ` fair share ' of attention from teachers because of the additional needs of those from abroad . teachers have warned schools are having to use google translate to plan lessons as they struggle to cater for migrant children .
warning : graphic content . barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of aleppo even though the meat being slaughtered according to islamic law . food was burned after jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the united states .
the law bans the so-called ` dilation and evacuation ' procedure and redefines it as ` dismemberment abortion ' . kansas abortion opponents have spent years pushing their state to the right on the contentious issue . planned parenthood of kansas and mid-missouri is also considering a lawsuit .
kyle knox , 23 , from london , was last seen at 10am on monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high ben nevis in the scottish highlands . he failed to return to his accommodation in the fort william area yesterday prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance .
hagrid the lamb was born on tuesday at three times the size of its peers . he is thought to be the biggest ever lamb born in the uk , measuring 14inches tall and weighing 25lbs . his mother has recovered from the birth and both are healthy . despite hagrid 's shocking size , his mother is making a good recovery .
octavia spencer was at the barnes & noble bookstore at the grove in los angeles last week to autograph copies of her children 's book ` randi rhodes ninja detective -- the sweetest heist in history ' . but before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line , demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust .
oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama . bracco chose instead the complicated role of dr. melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed new jersey mob boss tony soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts .
anthony horowitz said books by david walliams are ` witty and entertaining ' . 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out gangsta granny for criticism . he suggested they should follow example of john green and ` write up for children ' . green 's book the fault in our stars tells the story of two teenagers who fall in love while they are both dying of cancer .
london mayor has set out his vision of ` moral purpose ' in business and politics . he said the fact more jobs were being created was ` one of the absolute moral triumphs ' of the government . mr johnson is standing to be a tory mp in a west london constituency .
kevin bollaert , 28 , was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in san diego superior court . a group of victims were flown in from around the country to be involved in the prosecution and some have now said they no longer feel ashamed for sending nude pictures . victims revealed that they had received a slew of hurtful comments after their nudes were posted and one woman even said she nearly killed
shadow chancellor unveils poster claiming voters lost # 1,100 each . but pm hailed as ` money-back monday ' with raft of tax changes coming into force . tory treasury minister david gauke hit back with accusation labour has secret plan to boost revenues by dragging more workers into 40p higher rate of income tax .
the multi-host show was created by walters in 1997 with an original panel of women including meredith vieira , star jones , joy behar and debbie roberts . walters says that the former white house intern would be a ` run away success ' on the view .
rspca inspectors were called after a horse was seen living in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn around . photos taken when they visited show a small horse standing on muddy ground in a passage just over a metre wide . the animals are thought to have been moved on by their owners following warnings from the rspca .
killer pilot andreas lubitz researched suicide methods and cockpit door security before crashing his germanwings plane into the french alps , it emerged last night . prosecutors said an examination of a tablet computer found he had recently used internet search terms such as cockpit doors and their security , and suicide methods . it also emerged that the 27-year-old was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide .
sen. rand paul will launch his campaign tuesday morning in louisville , kentucky with the populist slogan ` defeat the washington machine . unleash the american dream ' . paul 's uber-libertarian father , former texas rep. ron paul , earned an image party-wide as a cantankerous and prickly contrarian with little chance of winning over centrist republicans .
detective patrick cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force . the new york police department 's internal affairs bureau launched an investigation into the incident , which occurred in the west village , after footage captured by a passenger was posted online . cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked hyundai without signalling when the uber driver hooted at him .
jean wabafiyebazu , 17 , was killed and his brother marc , 15 , landed him in custody after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal in miami on monday . dube 's ex-husband and the boy 's father , germano wababiyebu , has said his sons borrowed their mother 's personal car , which has diplomatic license plates , to drive to the house but told their mother they were just going for a drive
two-bedroom terraced property in snodland , kent , was first rented by len and beatrice barnes in november 1915 . they raised their son gordon and three daughters , freda , hilda and gwendoline , in the property , which used to have an outside bathroom . they bought it 40 years later for # 350 and passed it to the family when they died . howard knott , 70 , son of hilda , is in charge of selling
defence secretary michael fallon says miliband is ` so desperate ' for power . claims conservative campaign ` descended into the gutter ' . claims david cameron ` should be ashamed ' of his party 's support for snp . labour rushed to say it was also backing four new trident nuclear submarines .
chancellor said labour had ` form ' on jacking up income tax and national insurance . he said ed balls and miliband would do same if given chance after may 7 . today , david cameron will say there is just one month to save britain from ` disaster ' of miliband government .
john chapple has captured all types of landscapes , including grassy fields in england , major us cities , and sandy beaches in australia . chapple , originally from north devon , first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography . his website says he uses a linhof technorama 617s iii and a top of the range 1ds canon digital camera .
the 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting odin lloyd five times in the chest and back . prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on january 29 , including surveillance videos from inside hernandez 's home . a joint found near lloyd 's body had dna from both men on it .
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to yemen . the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran-backed shi'ite houthis . the un last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting .
boobesh palani , 26 , passed away at wellington hospital with his friends by his side , police told the new zealand herald . mr palani 's identity was unknown at the time he was dragged from the harbour by two brave teenagers so police decided to post a picture of the him on news websites in the hopes the public could help identify him .
marina lyons , 80 , took her beloved dog rosie to the pdsa petaid hospital in hull for an operation to remove her spleen after a scan detected a tumour . the operation , carried out three weeks ago , was successful but when marina returned with the ten-year-old lhasa apso dog , she noticed lots of bruising on its back .
prime minister visited sacred heart rc primary school near bolton . he tried to help school pupil lucy howarth , 6 , and will spibey , 5 , resit . mr cameron wants to see children who get poor sats forced to resit them . plan would mean 100,000 pupils taking a new test in english and maths .
sudheer khamitkar , 42 , shot his 38-year-old wife , smita haval , and their two sons in separate rooms at their tulsa home this week . the bodies were found on wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother 's employer . the father had recently changed jobs and that detectives would interview his current and former employers in an effort to learn if he was having personal troubles .
since monday , over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life . yesterday , the first people to cash in their pots began to receive their money . one major provider reported that customers in their 20s had been calling up to withdraw their retirement savings unaware they were three decades too young .
police in santa catarina busted the gang 's lair , the loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back . picture showing the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering to police has since gone viral in brazil . animal psychiatrist and dog trainer barnie rico said : ` the dog is also turning its head away as looking at the potential enemy can also be seen as a sign of aggression to another dog ' .
britain 's biggest banks have racked up a # 39billion bill in just three years . ` remediation costs ' wiped out 61 per cent of their profits between 2011 and 2014 . another # 2.3 billion was earmarked by banks including barclays , royal bank of scotland and hsbc to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets .
the procedure , called a sacrohysteropexy , is rare , with just 1,072 admissions for the surgery in the past three years . surgeon jonathan broome has called for the option to be made more widely available on the nhs so women of child-bearing age are not forced to choose between quality of life or the chance to have children .
prime minister let bbc film him preparing lunch at his home in oxfordshire . then this weekend it was the focus of attention as he made pitch for family vote . when he invited the film crew into his constituency kitchen , mr cameron blundered into a row after admitting he did not want a third term as prime minister .
` bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - instead it 's a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks . research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects - and , in fact , all such ` instruments ' attributed to neanderthals are simply chew toys of animals .
shinto kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction . participants pray to a god of fertility , child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections . rainy weather did n't ruin the mood at this year 's festival , which attracted thousands of spectators from japan and abroad .
the image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of monroe over a picture of albert einstein drawn in fine lines . features with a high spatial frequency -lrb- einstein -rrb- are only visible when you 're viewing them close up , and those with low spatial frequencies are only only visible from further away . combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen .
no one is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on may 7 in what is being touted as the closest and most unpredictable race since the 1970s . crucially , 33 per cent of the 7.4 million viewers hailed cameron as ` the most impressive ' on the subject of the economy . but pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be cameron or ed miliband who takes the top job in an inevitable coalition .
jennifer drew , 31 , has saved # 17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons . she has now accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a whole room of her house as well as her garage . frugal english teacher estimates she saves # 70 each week on food .
researchers from london and edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human . it uses a process known as ` natural language generation ' -lrb- nlg -rrb- . these computer-generated weather updates are being tested by scientists at heriot-watt university and university college london . if the project is successful , a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the
samantha giufre , 19 , suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face , along with bleeding on her brain on september 7 , 2014 . she spent months in hospital after being towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in casula , south-west of sydney . so far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident , but police are searching for others they believe were involved . the young woman 's parents have been by her side since the horrible day
multi-millionaire bought glasgow property off-plan in december 2011 . she paid # 780,700 for the duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013 . it now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than # 1 million . ms mone today shared her decision to move on twitter .
self-styled ` anarchist libertarian ' squatters set up camp in london 's most historic monuments and unfurled banners reading ` homes for all ' . it is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight , as a garbled message posted on facebook by the group simply calls for ` christmas lights ... any and all radical/revolutionary messages ' . but banners bearing messages such as ` better squat than let homes rot ' and ` respect existence or expect resistance ' were seen hanging from
the self-proclaimed kidnapper says he will turn himself in , but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity . in yet another email , the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer , or that he would ` go overseas and teach english ' or ` live off the grid ' . this came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax .
general nakatani promised lawmakers there had been no alien breach of japanese airspace , and that no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way . he said the nation 's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object but they had not encountered visitors from space .
lady penelope and her faithful chauffeur aloysius parker have been given slight tweaks for the 2015 remake of thunderbirds . the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures . in a nod to 21st-century political correctness , there are also more women and several multicultural characters added .
audrey dimitrew , 16 , of virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 chantilly juniors in november believing she would get playing time , but was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team . the sophomore at woodgrove high school and her family sued the chesapeake region volleyball association on march 10 after they said she was accepted to another club but was denied the transfer from her league . the lawsuit seeks to let audrey transfer clubs
danel hall jr was walking down the street in centre point , alabama . a man was chased by a neighbourhood dog , but stray bullets hit him . the 10-year-old was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery . police are continuing to look for the person who fired the shots .
the five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts . experts say dry foods , like cookies , are less hazardous and can be ok , according to health experts . uncut fruit is one group considered non-hazardous , however cut fruits should never be subjected to the rule .
geraldine alcorn , 29 , of pittsburgh , and her attorney declined to comment as they walked from a city magistrate 's courtroom wednesday . in exchange for the waiver -- which means alcorn must now stand trial on the charge or take some kind of plea bargain -- allegheny county prosecutors dropped two other misdemeanors she faced . prosecutors allege alcorn encrypted her phone number on the girl 's math homework , exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even spoke of adopting her . the
the nbc sketch show turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering . but the ingenious producers for the skit managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the germanwings crash , u.s.-iran diplomacy , and domestic politics .
the state board of parole granted parole to 63-year-old james schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the california man . schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them ` buried alive ' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $ 5million ransom . the kidnappers were influenced by the 1971 clint eastwood film dirty harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom
luke shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30 am on good friday . the 11-year-old , who is autistic , was reportedly seen walking near the devils river on sunday , four kilometres south of his campsite . police and other emergency crews continue to scour the thick bushland areas around lake eildon in an effort to find the boy .
the painting , titled ` bomb damage , ' was drawn on a metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two-story house belonging to the dardouna family in northern gaza . but unaware that banksy 's works are usually valued at hundreds of thousands of pounds , rabie dardarda is now demanding the decorated door is returned .
jon huxley , 46 , hopes to cash in on the fifty shades of grey effect . plans to install sex swings , bondage rooms and dungeons at his hotel westward ho ! in folkestone , kent . he hopes the craze in fifty shades can help transform his business . hopes to attract tourists from the gay and swinging communities .
summer michelle hansen , 32 , of california entered a guilty plea in february to 16 felony counts related to the sex acts . the mother of three was told during the sentencing on friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life . if she had been convicted at trial , hansen would have faced 13 years in prison .
sydneysiders missed out on saturday night 's lunar eclipse . wet and cloudy weather was to blame in sydney , where the observatory said the short lunar began at 10.58 pm -lrb- aedt -rrb- and finished at 11.03 pm . brisbane was also predicted to miss out due to bad weather , but the moon was pictured revealing itself through rain clouds .
the 18-year-old goes by the name of dark.cyanide and scales some of the city 's tallest buildings in search of the perfect view . many of the teen 's vertigo-inducing images show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers .
solveings for good is a facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users , who can also send in spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes . it was set up by biostatisticians from the university of michigan and is available over 18s in the us . it is available for free from facebook 's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address . users only become eligible once they 've completed 15
louis jordan , 37 , was picked up by a german-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing . he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat , angel , which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of cape hatteras .
kennel club says seemingly harmless foods can be killers . around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014 . painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning , followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate -- which can cause sickness , diarrhoea and fits and trigger heart problems .
marylin stoneman had been entrusted with victim 's pin number , cheque books and bank cards to manage his financial affairs . but she abused that trust and began withdrawing up to # 200 a day to feed her gambling habit . the 64-year-old admitted stealing # 22,650 from the elderly victim but was ordered to pay back just # 1,350 .
chloe the wombat has found herself a new friend at taronga zoo in sydney . she moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas . the pair have been inseparable since chloe came to the zoo three months ago after her mother was struck and killed by a car .
muppets tv content has n't been since muppets tonight ended in 1998 , though old episodes have been re-run extensively and several movies have been filmed . filming is due to take place next weekend at a disney studio in burbank , california - and will see some original muppet puppeteers take the reins again .
tutti rouge 's jessica features removable cookies -lrb- light foam pads that sit inside a pocket within the bra -rrb- to give ample bosoms the option of extra oomph . ashley james , who starred in made in chelsea , models the bold collection in a new set of images .
match of the day pundit gary lineker labelled nigel farage a 'd *** ' . former england player took another dig at ukip leader later on writing : ` who would you back ? i reckon farage would leather it over the bar and blame the foreign goalkeeper for moving ' .
a four hundred-person mass brawl broke out at a bar opening at resorts world casino in queens , new york . video of the fight sees a crowd of people erupting from a bar area , punching , kicking , shouting and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons . four people were arrested , and will be charged in due course .
michelle obama and jimmy fallon took it to the dance floor again during her appearance on the tonight show on thursday night . in a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 , the pair partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of i like the way you move .
lt. col. anthony shaffer said on fox news ' the o'reilly factor on monday night that bowe bergdahl ` had afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the taliban ' . the former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 naval criminal investigative service investigation . the investigation reportedly included a forensic review of berg dahl 's computer which showed his apparent intent to travel to u
eu is investigating the us search engine for five years following complaints that it abuses its dominance in the continent . now the european commission is asking companies who previously filed confidential complaints against google for permission to publish them . if found to have been behaving unfairly , google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues , which would be more than # 4 billion based on last year 's performance .
the total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on saturday night . it will be visible in the skies of north america , asia and australia . according to one us pastor , the event was predicted in the bible . but nasa is quick to point out that the change in hue is entirely harmless .
the final resting place of lizzie borden and the father and stepmother she was accused of killing was vandalized over the weekend . the plot where the killings occurred at oak grove cemetery in fall river , massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint . the bordens premiered on sunday night .
internet companies will have to reveal names , ip addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film the dallas buyers club online . the ruling could end the reign of illegal online downloading . justice nye perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the copyright holder of the film could claim directly from each individual .
nearly half of french 18 to 25 years olds have consumed alcohol with the sole aim of getting drunk -- compared to 33 per cent ten years ago . critics have said it 's a case of double standards for a country where children are encouraged to drink wine at the table from a relatively early age .
only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in uk . lib dem leader nick clegg thanked ` go ape ' for having him this afternoon . he used a visit to dymag , a specialist manufacturer of high performance racing wheels in chippenham , wiltshire , to highlight the plan .
all schools should display posters warning pupils and parents to respect teachers , union officials have said . the ` hospital waiting-room-style ' signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families . some 82 per cent of 3,500 nasuwt members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months , up from 52 per cent in the union 's survey last year .
maxwell morton , 16 , has been charged with murder in the death of 16-year-old ryan mangan at mangan 's home february 4 . but thomassey disputes that morton meant to kill mangan . he says the boys were horsing around with a loaded gun when mangan was shot in the left eye .
reality tv star unveils summer collection with honeyz.com . inspired by the seventies influence spotted on the ss15 catwalks . full of boho frocks , paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses perfect for season . says launching her own range is a ` dream come true ' .
mike heatlie , 42 , launched the violent attack on fiona mccartney outside a nightclub in edinburgh because she did not give him a cigarette . heatlie was once voted one of the city 's most eligible bachelors and claims to have helped train stefani before her 2009 u.s. tour . he pleaded guilty at edinburgh sheriff court in march to the attack .
the incredibly detailed works of art were inspired by faberge 's famous jewelled eggs . each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work . the eggs were created as part of a feature for cake masters magazine - and feature in this month 's edition .
blanca cousins , 15 , fell to her death from her family 's flat in hong kong . businessman nick cousins , 57 , was arrested over alleged ` ill treatment ' of girl . he was also questioned over claims that his filipino partner had overstayed her visa by 20 years .
amedy coulibaly stormed into the hyper cacher jewish store , killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by french special forces . heavily televised events in eastern paris came two days after cherif and said kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine charlie hebdo .
prisoner syed viqaruddin asked police van to stop in deserted area . claimed he needed a toilet break , while they were en route to court in hyderabad . but when blue bus stopped at about 10am , another of the prisoners ` tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape ' .
raymond frolander , 18 , was beaten to a pulp by furious father after he walked in on his son at his home in daytona beach , florida , last july . after frolander 's arrest , police released his mugshot , which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes , black bruises and lacerations to his face . now , frolander has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison by circuit judge leah case after pleading no contest to lewd and l
kecil , the oldest orangutan in north america , was moved to milwaukee county zoo 14 months ago after his natural mother failed to bond with him properly after birth . he was given to a second surrogate but did not form a bond with either . kecil , 53 , has been pictured cuddling up to the experienced mother ahead of his first public outing this weekend .
qatar airways flight landed at birmingham airport on monday night . severe winds foiled two landing attempts at manchester airport . passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for the plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive at the airport . officers returned two hours later after reports that passengers were trying to disembark .
diwalinen vankar , 58 , had gone with daughter kanta to the bank of the vishwamitri river , 40 kilometres from vadodara , in west india . as they were wringing out their laundry , a mugger grabbed kanta 's right leg and dragged her into the murky river . but the crocodile clasped its powerful jaws round her daughter with its razor-sharp teeth .
andy murray will face his growing nemesis , novak djokovic in the miami open final on sunday . the scot beat tomas berdych 6-4 , 6-3 in an hour and 42 minutes . murray is through to sunday 's final where he will face growing star no. 3 djesis .
blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs . jeanette rosenquist , 47 , was on her way to work from her home just outside copenhagen , denmark , when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post .
queen gave out maundy coins in the pre-easter tradition in 1935 . resplendent in a turquoise coat by stewart parvin and matching hat . the queen , who had arrived on the royal train , was driven to the cathedral where she got a warm welcome from the flag-waving crowd .
police were called to boonies bar in west palm beach on friday night after getting a report about a woman who was offering oral sex in exchange for money . the bar manager also told police the woman , beatrize carrion-moore , was ` extremely intoxicated ' . she was charged with trespassing after warning , resisting arrest with violence and battery on a law enforcement officer .
tang shao , a chemical engineering student at iowa state university , went missing in september 2014 . her body was found stuffed in the trunk of her toyota camry in iowa city . her boyfriend , xiangnan li , 23 , was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive . li had transferred to iowa from rochester institute of technology to be closer to tong .
haley mulholland became suspicious husband kevin was having an affair . she monitors her husband 's movements , checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman 's perfume . the 45-year-old has so far found no evidence to suggest he is straying .
ben morgan has not played since breaking his left leg during an aviva premiership game against saracens in early january . the gloucester no 8 is on course to play a part during england 's world cup warm-up period ahead of the tournament kicking off in mid-september . morgan is hopeful of featuring for england at the forthcoming world cup despite his long-term injury .
dr milton wainwright claims he has new evidence of ` extra-terrestrial organisms ' floating 25 miles -lrb- 40km -rrb- above the planet . he says the organisms test positive for dna , and have masses that are ` six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from earth to this height ' . his views have been widely dismissed by the scientific community .
remains of jose alberto , 58 , were discovered after neighbours called council to report the smell coming from his house in san jose de balcare , eastern argentina . prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow wearing lipstick and a long-haired wig . straw had been stuffed inside the old clothes that had been sewn together .
11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education have n't had sex . 11,549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study . nine per cent of physicists declared that they were still virgins . in contrast , pupils enrolled in arts subjects like history and english were far more likely to have lost their virginity either before or at university .
steven abberley , 28 , hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the house of commons in october last year . he then threw the glass balls from the public gallery , but they missed mps and hit a security screen . when arrested he told police officers that he had daubed the words ` the enemy within ' in red paint on the palace 's walls .
a 26-year-old employee at ceva logistics in michigan secretly delivered a baby in a bathroom stall at work . staff at the office reportedly had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until tuesday morning . the mother and baby were taken to a local hospital , where the child was pronounced dead .
a new hashtag has popped up on social media site instagram exposing some of these ` awful ' that things parents do to their children . # a ** holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world , admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning , feeding , and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction .
surgeons said the 27-hour procedure -- to reconstruct the man 's entire lower face and neck -- is the most difficult surgery they have carried out to date . the man , who did not want to be identified , underwent the ` world 's most complex ' face transplant to reconstruct his neck , mouth , tongue and throat .
the inscriptions were found in naours - a two-hour drive north of paris . they were left for posterity by young men facing the doom of trench warfare . the site 's proximity to the battlefields , where more than a million men were killed or wounded , adds to the discovery 's importance .
eleanor is the first of the 30 names on the list to be read out as if from a class register . half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat , with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to even tried diets . the name of a third classmate is met with a pause just long enough for the girls to exchange knowing smirks .
shar booth , available from apple itunes store for 79p , offers gallery of 77 wounds . makers boast : ` your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating ' . anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising , or ` glorifying ' abuse and brutality .
the gilmore gasoline filling station was a backdrop for steve martin and eddie murphy 's film history . it was listed as a los angeles cultural monument in 1992 , but was soon left to vandals and graffiti artists . starbucks worked with a historical consultant to ensure the character of the building was preserved during the renovation .
the cable company complained to the better business bureau 's national advertising division that the ads featured a number of false claims . the watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign 's claims could n't be substantiated . the series of ads featured the 50-year-old actor playing two characters : a handsome lowe in a slick suit who is always the directv customer and then an ` odd or awkward alter-ego ' who was a cable user .
trade standards officials in buckinghamshire and surrey raised the alarm over the chinese made decorations . the eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown ` speckle ' designed to make it look like a quail 's egg . eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the easter break .
the hospital of dolls , or ospedale delle bambole as it is known in rome , was built by the squatriti family 60 years ago . today their descendants , federico , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina continue the family tradition .
researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil from the sterkfontein caves to gauge its age . both species blended ape-like and human-like traits but with different features . findings may have important implications about the evolutionary relationships among humankind 's ancient relatives .
scientists from cambridge university and oxford brookes university say that new diseases carried by modern humans may have led to the downfall of neanderthals . they have found evidence that our prehistoric cousins would have been infected by diseases such as tuberculosis , typhoid , whooping cough , encephalitis and the common cold . but the extinct species could be taking revenge on us from beyond the grave by making us more vulnerable to potentially killer diseases .
clare hines , then 27 , was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures for 10 years . she had recently noticed her balance was gone and she was struggling to hear out of her right ear . after a number of tests doctors discovered she had a benign tumour that had wrapped itself around her acoustic , facial and balance nerve . she went against doctors ' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son noah . one week before she was due to go into surgery she
pete evans has been dropped as a celebrity ambassador by the national salad chain , sumo salad . the food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to evans ' recent paleo controversies . this comes at the same time that evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook ` bubba yum yum : the paleo way ' will become a self-published digital book to be released this month .
rebecca eldemire , 21 , was shot repeatedly in the face with a .357 magnum by her boyfriend , 27-year-old larry tipton , before taking his own life in her off-campus apartment in oxford , ohio on sunday morning . when rebecca called 911 the night before her murder for help , one painful excerpt reveals how naive the student was to what her older boyfriend was capable of .
researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna-like fragments may have come with ` instructions ' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago . it is one of three major biological molecules that are essential for all known forms of life , along with dna and proteins .
sarah 's face was transformed after the exercises . the 65-year-old 's mother slathered in vaseline , gurning in a club sport tracksuit while i ate my coco pops , invariably wearing the deely bobbers i insisted on sleeping in between 1983 and 85 .
the 3,118 unidentified applicants were presumably delighted when they were accepted as freshmen by the university in gainesville for the fall . but after reading their congratulations notices , they apparently realized they would need to spend their entire first year taking classes on the internet . the classes are part of a new program - the pathway to campus enrollment - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students .
james ramirez , 37 , said he has concerns over care of wife gillian nelson . he was called to princess royal university hospital at about 3.45 am on january 28 , 2014 after she had gone in to labour . she had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25 am .
the dome-like hue go can be controlled wirelessly from any ios or android device via the philips hue app or any app developed for the lamp . it uses a rechargeable li-ion battery and offers up to three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge . it gradually dims or increases light intensity to gently encourage sleep or waking .
the university of houston said in a statement tuesday that it was paying mcconaughey speaking fees totaling $ 135,000 plus travel expenses , as well as a $ 20,250 commission to the celebrity talent international booking agency engaged by the university . meanwhile , the statement says the actor is donating his fees to his jk livin foundation , which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives .
almost all of the regional commanders appointed by isis ' leader and self-declared caliph , abu bakr al-baghdadi , played prominent roles in baathist army . one of the most prominent former iraqi army generals within isis was abu muslim al-turkmani who led the terrorists ' operations in iraq until he was killed in an american airstrike last november .
scott suggs , 28 , and brandy kangas , 36 , were arrested after police received an anonymous tip about the welfare of their children , a 17-month-old boy and two girls , aged three and four . when police arrived at their home in fredericksburg , virginia , last december , they discovered the youngsters locked in a ` sparsely furnished ' room . they had a homemade ` gate ' which the children appeared to have been fed their meals through .
isis entered yarmouk camp as jordan closed its only functioning border crossing . militants , who already control large swaths of territory in northern syria , reportedly entered the camp from the nearby hajar aswad neighborhood in damascus . if isis manage to gain full control of the camp , the jihadis can potentially use the camp as a base from which to threaten the heart of the capital .
gertrude pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $ 100 in butte , montana . as the infants were driven to their new homes , the families were sometimes forced to throw their afterbirth out of the window because they were removed so quickly . most of the children who were victims of this horrific crime have now aged , but they are still looking for answers .
huw davies , 34 , has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years since graduating from the university of glamorgan in 2002 . as well as his bsc -lrb- hons -rrb- degree , he also has three a-levels and 10 gcses on his cv .
faith and hope howie were born on may 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus . they died in hospital less than a month after they were born and their parents , simon howie and renee young , laid them to rest at pinegrove memorial park in sydney 's west . their family and friends had built up a small memorial with pink and white statues , flowers , pebbles and toys over the past 11
sabrina broadbent tetzner , 32 , fled the flds sect headed by convicted rapist warren jeffs eight years ago . but when she tried to pick up her four children from the community where they have been living , she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members . they even tried to put a cow and chickens into her vehicle , ' ex-cult member flora jessop told ksl .
clare goldwin admits that she will sometimes fork out for boden 's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself as she does n't want to be labelled a boden ` yummy mummy ' at 50 paces , and bump into countless other mothers in identical uniforms on the school-run ?
family consisted of a black mother and a white father who were with their nine-year-old daughter and son . man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed ` hey n ***** s ! ' at them on friday and drove away . several bystanders witnessed the incident , including a local news reporter for wcsh 6 and wlbz 2 , jackie ward . she shared her account of the story on facebook , as a ` reminder for us to be
actor kit harington plays jon snow in the hit hbo fantasy series game of thrones . the dimly-lit period setting serves to accentuate the mean and moody looks and rippling physique . several twitter handles have been dedicated to parts of poldark 's anatomy .
bikram choudhury , founder of bikram yoga , has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple students . the 69-year-old strongly denied the accusations in an interview with cnn - the first time since six women filed civil lawsuits accusing him of unwanted sexual advances . he has his name attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries . chelsea clinton , madonna and demi moore are among his followers .
black hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair . instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies uploaded by instagrammers . for the younger granny trend followers , going grey takes serious effort in the beauty department , but for others it means emancipation from timely and costly hair dying regimes .
the pictures show a wide divide between the aspirations set out for girls and boys , with females offered pink beautician 's outfits . products intended for infants are equally polarised , with babygros for girls emblazoned with a slogan that reads : ' i hate my thighs ' . by contrast , the boy 's effort offers up the much more pleasant : ` i 'm super ' .
harper lee , 88 , is in a fit state to make decisions about the future of the forthcoming novel go set a watchman , and launched two investigations into the circumstances surrounding the launch . many feared outside influences were at play as lee had said for decades she wanted to kill a mockingbird to be her only published novel . earlier suspicions had in part been fired by the fact that lee 's attorneys had announced the release , due in july , and that publishing house harpercoll
mick schumacher made his pre-season test debut in formula 4 at oschersleben circuit in germany . but at one point was pictured accidentally driving through gravel by the side of the track . the 16-year-old , whose father won the formula 1 championship seven times , reached the new category after seven years of karting in what is seen as a stepping stone for junior drivers .
chris and nicole peppelman were found dead inside their lower moreland , pennsylvania home tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons . authorities have not yet officially identified the couple , family and friends say they were the owners of a local excavating company . mrs peppelman 's death is being classified as a homicide currently .
demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show 's latest addition . within ten minutes of tomorrow night 's episode , fans will see her gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter . as he tells her that she makes him a better man , audiences can have little doubt about his feelings .
kalman kallai travelled from borden , ontario to comox , british columbia for work purposes . the traveller sits before corn , a café , boats and water , before he is featured rocking and making gestures with his hand . the pair sit and mimic the planes that fly past at the beginning of the traveller 's adventure .
the fire broke out in a non-production building at general electric 's appliance park in louisville , kentucky , friday morning . production ceased and workers at the facility had been evacuated and sent home . the cause of the fire , which began around 7am , is not yet known .
all saints church in wolverhampton re-scheduled the service . it marks the start of easter celebrations , so vulnerable women can attend their regular thursday sessions tomorrow . decision comes after prostitutes were left disappointed when the drop-in sessions were cancelled on christmas day and new year 's day .
aidan turner has been signed up for a second series of poldark . the cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes . bbc1 boss charlotte moore confirmed that turner 's broody ross would return for another series , alongside actress eleanor tomlinson , who plays love interest .
sjaak rijke took place at 5am today in the far north of the african country . french president francois hollande said some militants were killed and others captured . but dutchman appeared in video posted in november by al qaeda in the islamic maghreb .
with the easter weekend forecast for the balmy mid-twenties celsius , australians can still enjoy their favoured seafood lunches . millions of hot cross buns , 2,900 tonnes of chocolate and enough prawns to stretch from sydney to cairns , will increase by 80 per cent .
jennifer houle , 22 , vanished from a bar in minneapolis in the early hours of friday and was later captured on surveillance footage as she walked alone . authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge , which is 110ft above the river . following days of searches , a body was recovered on wednesday .
the 26-year-old south african bombshell oozes old hollywood glamour in the series of shots , which see her don a platinum blonde wig , a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick . max factor , which celebrates its 80th anniversary this year , is the brand widely accredited for transforming monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 .
mike whitehead was standing against labour 's alan johnson in hull . he claimed he was joining ukip after becoming ` disgusted ' at behaviour . but tories this morning revealed they had already dropped mr whitehead as their candidate after he revealed he was planning to stand as an independent against a tory councillor .
the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city who not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them . the people behinds the ads say things like ` detroit : just west of bushwick ' . there are four billboards -- two in manhattan and two in bushwick in brooklyn -- which went up about a month
lindsey walker , 23 , spent a holiday from hell at the rex hotel in whitley bay , north tyneside . her partner and two-year-old son from darlington set out for their only holiday of the year . tiles were broken and loose in the bathroom , which could have easily caused injury .
amber rachdi , now 24 , from troutdale in oregon , weighed 11st - the same as the average adult woman . after doctors warned she would be dead by the age of 30 , the 24-year-old plucked up the courage to make a change and has since lost 20st in a year .
antonio valente , from dallas , texas , first learned of the ruse when he received a message from marianne heinrich , who lives in vienna , two weeks ago . she told him that someone using the name ` johnson michael lynn ' had created a fake facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending him online . she soon realized she had been conned and used an image from the profile to search google photos and discovered they had been
kim callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children . the mother-of-two became worried that her size was causing her to look like a man that she went on a dramatic diet that saw her lose half of her body weight . before her weight loss kim was limited to a wardrobe of size 28 clothing she is now a slinky size 10 .
archael virus changes uses ` docking tips ' - purple area - to infect bacteria . they now believe it may be viruses like this that actually hold the secret that have allowed archae bacteria to adapt to some of the harshest environments on earth . this is because the virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in .
piper and william kulk were involved in a two-car collision on new south wales ' central coast at about 5.15 pm on saturday . police said piper died in hospital , while her brother died later that evening . they were travelling with their mother , chantelle boddy , 31 , and elder brother daniel , 12 , when it is believed their holden astra aqua-planed , spun out of control . all three siblings were sitting in the back of
the unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent , the labor department said in its monthly report friday . the march jobs data raised uncertainties about the world 's largest economy , which for months has been the envy of other industrialized nations for its steadily robust hiring and growth . last month 's subpar job growth could make the federal reserve less likely to start raising interest rates from record lows in june .
the women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves . cleopatra famously bathed in donkey-milk baths , which she believed had anti-ageing and skin smoothing properties . empress elisabeth of austria loved to conjure up her own face creams in the 19th century .
donny ray williams , who was once a staffer for the senate homeland security subcommittee , slipped an intern ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious . that same year , he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent , prosecutors say . despite admitting his guilt in december , d.c. prosecutors on friday asked that he be spared prison time because he is himself the victim of a crime - the effects of which will mar the remainder
adam lees , of alfie bird 's restaurant in birmingham , created the dish . the overbearing dish contains a whopping 945g of protein , which is 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man . ally had to use a massive paella pan for the three food monster omelette .
bobbi ann house , 39 , who hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and then draining their bank accounts - is again wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying . however this time it is both house and her new husband , zackerie house , 27 , who police are after , accusing the couple of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $ 13,500 . the purchases started in western oregon in early march , then moved through oregon
the country is due to repay a # 330million loan to the international monetary fund on thursday but there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment . deputy finance minister dimitris mardas said that greece will in fact make the payment on time . sources close to the ruling syriza party claimed the government was prioritising paying wages and pensions over any loans due .
full leg trouser is at the forefront of ss15 trends . louise redknapp says that a wide-leg trouser can come as a welcome relief from the skinny jean . the wide leg can be intimidating , especially if you keep your heels high and your top half simple you can pull it off with confidence .
bob katter said the government believes mr gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence . mr katter , federal mp for kennedy , is of lebanese descent . he said he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past .
detective patrick cherry was trying to park his hyundai without indicating when the uber driver known only as humayun honked his horn . the angered detective pulled over the uber cab and launched a tirade . detective cherry is now under investigation by the civilian complaint review board following a complaint of ` discourtesy ' .
three former managers of the aids healthcare foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals . employees were paid $ 100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies . the lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company 's california headquarters and spread to programs in florida and several other locations .
the western esplanade cul-de-sac of 11 white art deco houses with private beaches at the end of hove promenade is a real-life version of the tv comedy stella street . but put the rubbish out here in hove and you could be saying good morning to oscar and grammy award-winning singer adele . the homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer michael paget baxter when overcrowding on british beaches in their heyday
denise chiffon berry , 44 , and her son were driving in hawthorne , california on wednesday when a stranger in a cadillac started shooting at them . the mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene , but someone in the car did n't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy . ms berry feared the men were following her so she pulled over near the 14200 block of kornblum ave to tell
only 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name gary . in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 . others suggest that gary lineker or take that singer barlow might have put some off . but others point to britain 's most notorious gary glitter .
danny lambo has bought his girlfriend a # 10,000 easter gift . the 37-year-old hotelier has previously said he enjoys flaunting his wealth . the bespoke gift , which is now available to buy , costs # 1,000 each time to fill . natasha flynn , 29 , enjoys a flake in the bath , which contains 205 litres of melted milk chocolate .
kris wardle , who lives in leicester , thought his world was complete when he married his long-term girlfriend katrina in 2011 . however , less than two years later , the hgv truck driver would be a widower , after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old mark after a row over his cannabis use .
colombian-born manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show . the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before contestant andrea had finished guessing .
governor jerry brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on wednesday . brown said he had signed an executive order requiring the state water resources control board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels . the move will affect residents , businesses , farmers and other users .
svetlana lokhova was driven to a breakdown by a campaign of sexual harassment by male colleagues , an employment tribunal found . workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine user , dubbed her ` miss bonkers ' , and said she was hired by the bank only because of her looks . she was awarded # 3.14 million for hurt feelings and # 15,000 in aggravated damages by judges at the central london employment tribunal .
former big issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of a street cat named bob and churned out multiple spin offs -- earning # 500,000 in just three years . despite his ample fortune , bowen , 36 , continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit . since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out # 15,500 for bowen -- who has a personal accountant -- to live in his housing association flat in haringey , north london .
children attending a primary school in north brisbane contracted whooping cough every year in the metro north area . infectious diseases expert professor matthew cooper said the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend . parents were urged to take children with any symptoms to their family doctor , and for children for children doctor .
scientists at the university of connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces . in a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of , for example , a car passing round a bend or a person nearby . they said that echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us . now experts say that even a small bone in their ears are dissimilar to one in modern humans
christopher bridger , 25 , from stevenage , attacked three women after separate drinking sessions and was jailed for 12 years last year . hcpc conduct and competence committee removed him from register after hearing his crimes and describing them as ' a serious breach of trust ' . jury at guildford crown court , surrey , found him guilty of raping a fellow student while he was studying to be a paramedic at st george 's university hospital in london in 2008 .
siobhan o'dell , 17 , had applied to duke university in north carolina . but on march 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make the grade . however , refusing to take no for an answer , she wrote back : ` i am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the fall 2015 freshman class at duke ' .
reality star linsey ` jade ' berardi has died aged 22 . linsey starred in season 12 of bad girls club : chicago which aired in may on oxygen . the network confirmed her passing in a statement on friday . she is reportedly survived by her parents , a brother , and a sister .
queensland disabilities minister coralee o'rourke called it a ` cold , heartless decision ' by the federal government . maria sevilla and her son , tyrone , will be deported within 28 days . the single-mum initially had her visa application rejected because her son 's autism would be a ` burden on the australian health system ' .
kim jong-un disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the north korean capital pyongyang in december 2011 . the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role , as the previous members retired and were married off to military generals .
brittany lyn hilbert , 23 , of orlando , florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old . the victim 's identity has not been released . she was arrested for possession of weed and xanax on april 5 of last year .
jayne cox and her husband , matthew , decided to deliver their daughter annabelle prematurely on may 5 last year . scans showed she had developed a serious form of spina bifida . her parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived . angel gowns is a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon .
japanese engineers have pushed the clone of transvestite entertainer matsuko deluxe into the limelight . he shared the stage with his ` matsukoroid ' doppelganger for the first time on saturday night . mr deluxe , who is popular in japan for his frankness , said it was ` fascinating ' come face-to-face with his lookalike .
prime minister took advice from martial arts pupils about the best way to deal with ukip leader when they go up against each other in the two-hour showdown . sensing he may have gone too far with the threat to wrestle his opponent to the ground , mr cameron later backtracked , insisting there will be ` no bodily contact ' .
the world 's greatest steeplechase takes place on saturday at aintree . it will be watched by a worldwide audience of 600 million with an estimated # 500 million being staked globally by punters . out of 2,000 britons who admitted their selection would be purely down to the name of the horse because it would have struck a chord .
the human rights commission said in a notice filed thursday that there 's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the stonehenge village complex 's fitness room . dnainfo new york obtained pictures of the sign posted by property managers that warned only certain residents of the building were allowed access to the gym . the rent-stabilized tenants are largely over 65 , while market-rate tenants are n't , according to a complaint from tenants ' association president jean green
the answers can be found at the bottom of the page . rearrange the following letters so as to make the name of a living creature : b r i n o . test your memory on this passage : three men and their wives and a widower left by car at noon one day for a picnic .
turkey has lifted a block on social media sites after twitter , facebook and youtube agreed to remove chilling images of a prosecutor being held at gunpoint . mehmet selim kiraz was killed after two members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage .
fbi said on wednesday that zulkifli bin hir , a malaysian member of the al qaeda-linked jemaah islamiah militant group , is dead . the reward offered by the us state department for the arrest of bin . hir was born in muar , johor , according to his profile at the national counterterroism center .
ed miliband said it was ` not good enough ' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next . comes after david cameron struggled to say if he could live on a zero-hours contract after being grilled by jeremy paxman last week .
jennifer barnett worked archway school in stroud , gloucestershire , between 1980 and 1997 , when she left teaching to have her fourth child . the 60-year-old died last september , 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos . her husband , nigel , told an inquest into her death in january that his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20
the 30-year-old singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her . symptoms range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue , heart palpitations , paralysis of the face and even dementia . if not caught and treated early enough with antibiotics the condition can persist for years .
nrl head of football todd greenberg revealed that the match review committee would ` look very closely at ' their behaviour . canterbury forwards james graham and david klemmer could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban . graham 's charges would relate to his argument with referee gerard sutton when he awarded the rabbitohs a late penalty . both players could have these charges referred straight to the nrl judiciary .
tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham in the early hours of wednesday morning . his daughter was taken to birmingham children 's hospital with breathing difficulties . the 22-year-old mother , identified by neighbours as renata braskyte , has been released on bail pending further enquiries .
sue townsend , author of the bestselling adrian mole books , left # 1,106,163 in her will . the book , which told of the life and loves of an angst-ridden teenager , was followed by seven sequels , selling in total more than eight million copies . ms townsend left the bulk of her estate in trust , with her second husband colin broadway and her four children named as beneficiaries .
images from europe 's sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail . by comparing before and after images , scientists have discovered mount everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster . the tallest point in the world , however , still stands at 29,029 feet , according to the weather channel .
melbourne mother-of-two kady marsh took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular sydney hotel . it was a sunny saturday afternoon at the manly wharf hotel . she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she could n't breastfeed because the area was for ` over 18s only ' . kady says her husband euan went to speak with management to ask what we 'd do if he wanted to see her id .
mike hand , 39 , became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord . he is almost ready to leave st helen 's hospital after undergoing surgery and rehabilitation . but his wife kate , who has an eight-year-old daughter , tried to claim for financial support to adapt their semi-detached home as they have no bathroom downstairs . they were told that because they do n't claim any income support or benefits , they would have to earn ` virtually nothing
gertrude weaver , 116 , of camden , arkansas , was already the oldest person in america . with the death of 117-year-old misao okawa in japan on wednesday , weaver became the world 's oldest person . weaver attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair .
the average cost of property in salcombe , devon , is # 638,217 . this is more than the average cost in some of the uk 's most expensive cities , including oxford , bath and edinburgh . in the west london neighbourhood of notting hill , prices average # 1,629,495 .
richard hutchinson , 40 , from thornaby-on-tees , has been jailed for two years . he punched his former friend in the face so hard he was left with a fractured skull and a bleed to the brain . the married father said he lashed out because the pair had fallen out over money .
new evidence was uncovered by dr sergey leshchinsky , from tomsk state university . he spent a decade analysing bone and teeth samples from mammoths that roamed western europe and russia between 10,000 and 30,000 years ago . until now it was thought the woolly mammoth simply died out from post-ice age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man . but now a new theory is set to re-write the history books after the examination of more
oscar hübinette shredded through the snow on the tolbachik volcano on the kamchatka peninsula in russia . the adventure photographer looked on in amazement as oscar flew down the icy slopes , while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him .
the 28-year-old was diagnosed with the cancer seven months into her pregnancy . doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion . she had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis after suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure .
daxing internet addiction treatment centre -lrb- iatc -rrb- has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young , mostly male patients -- and claims to have ` cured ' 75 per cent of them . the centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin .
the first ipad launched on 3 april 2010 , opinion was split on how popular the product would turn out to be . now five years - and 225 million units later , it seems many critics have been proved wrong . when steve jobs revealed the original ipad in california in 2010 , it was met with derision by many technology experts , who failed to see how such a product would prove popular .
arkansas gov. asa hutchinson said wednesday that he wo n't sign a religious freedom bill that his state 's legislature sent to him on tuesday . he is sending it back to lawmakers , for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal religious freedom restoration act . critics say better protected the rights of gays and lesbians .
jermaine kellman , 29 , marvin sempler , 30 , clinton jackson , 25 , and darren lewis , 34 , targeted the couple in their 80s . they were tipped off that money was kept in their home in welwyn garden city , hertfordshire . mrs fisher awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 july last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves . she tried to cry out for help
the child , whose name has not been released , suffered fatal injuries in the incident at grant elementary school in dumont , new jersey on march 6 . the fifth-grader had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent did n't say ` checkmate ' . an aide overheard him saying : ` do you want me to do something drastic ? ' .
robert durst , 71 , was arrested on march 14 on charges of possession of a gun with a controlled substance , which carry a combined maximum sentence of 30 years in prison . fbi agents arrested durst over fears he would flee the country , the agency has said . on thursday , the judge agreed to postpone the hearing until next week .
the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year . now it is on the market after having served in world war i and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981 . designed by walter reeks more than a century ago , the yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today .
a 67-kilogram woman who ate only four mini solid chocolate eggs that contain 550 kilojules could achieve the same in 30 minutes . if you chose the humble kayak as your weapon against weight gain , ladies you 'd be expected to paddle for at least three hours to burn that bunny off .
the captain of a ship that sank off the coast of africa ` started applauding and cheering ' when his vessel was entirely submerged , according to anti-poaching activists . crew aboard sea shepherd vessel bob barker found themselves taking on the role of saviours when the boat 's distress signals were sounded . thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the southern ocean .
the church of england 's ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of bath 's 45 °c spring water to power a modern heating system for the building . engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground .
president milos zeman has been criticised by u.s. ambassador andrew schapiro over his plans to attend the annual victory day parade in moscow . in response to the critique , president zeman said ambassador schapir is no longer welcome in the prague castle , the seat of presidency .
houses with a waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more -- or # 38,831 - than those in surrounding areas that were n't near a branch . but having a budget store nearby means your house could be worth thousands of pounds less than others in your neighbourhood . lloyds bank investigated average house prices in postal districts that have chain supermarkets nearby to see how they compared to the wider postal region .
staff at scooter 's coffee , in omaha , were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours , starting at 5pm on sunday , by an ` unknown third party ' . instead of the usual images of smoothies , coffees and cookies , the page was plastered with adult cartoons - similar to those posted on delta air lines and crayola 's pages . after trying to contact officials at facebook with limited success , it was not until a day later that the company managed
lianne hindle suffered cardiac arrest at north manchester general hospital . 37-year-old 's death came just months after three babies and one mother died . ms hindle 's partner chris barnes and his sister karen have called for action to prevent further tragedies at the hospital .
archbishop of canterbury yesterday called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists . in the wake of the slaughter of christian students in kenya and the barbarity of islamic state militants , most reverend justin welby said the dead were ` martyrs ' .
bette carrouze , 78 , from brighton , has no intention of hanging up her dancing shoes . but her penchant for partying is n't entirely without its pitfalls , with the pensioner admitting that proffering a bus pass in the early hours while ` stinking of vodka ' can be a bit embarrassing .
rekha nagvanshi , 30 , was caught urinating in her in-laws ' cups of tea . she had turned on her husband 's parents at the home she shared with husband . she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly .
adam rushton , 37 , took advantage of his post as a beat officer to have sex with women , birmingham crown court heard . he was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data . staffordshire police deputy chief constable nick baker called rushton ` a disgrace to the police service ' .
the 28-year-old beauty recently spent a stint on the stage , starring in a west end production of david mamet 's speed the plow - for which she received lukewarm reviews - and seems intent on remaining in the uk for the foreseeable future . lindsay 's leather number is available to purchase for just under $ 1,000 .
jennifer williams , of jeff davis county , georgia , said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but ` it does n't mean that i love them any less ' . conservative christian shop owners have recently come under fire after an indiana pizzeria made national headlines for being the first store to refuse service to gay customers under new legislation . memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , plans to reopen soon after being bombarded with calls
photographer john massung was flying over sebastian inlet on thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach . massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended . a fellow photographer was even further out and saw the same scene .
china 's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 chinese citizens from the danger zone in an unprecedented move by its military . they included 176 people from pakistan with the remainder from ethiopia , singapore , italy , germany , poland , ireland , britain , canada and yemen .
the defendants - including teachers , a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student atlanta school system . the educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $ 5,000 each in bonuses . the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy , superintendent beverly hall - who is thought to have received up to up to $
joni mitchell , who claims to have suffered from morgellons disease throughout her life , has recently dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition . sufferers say they are constantly itching , and large sore develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow . mitchell has recently been hospitalized after she was found unconscious at her home .
jamyra gallmon , 21 , has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 . the woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him . the victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back , groin and abdomen along with one wound which hit his spinal cord .
former irs official lois lerner has long been in the gop 's crosshairs because she led the irs department tasked with approving nonprofit groups ' applications for tax-exempt status . beginning in 2010 , the department gave conservative groups words like ` patriots ' or ` tea party ' in their names extra scrutiny , slow-walking their applications and keping many in limbo for years . the house oversight and government reform committee had subpoenaed her after she refused to testify voluntarily about her
more than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in holborn which apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables . although the blaze has now been brought under control it has not been put out entirely , and firefighters still do not know the cause of the fire . tonight 35 firefighters and police officers remain at kingsway , where flames were seen erupting from a manhole cover yesterday .
mary was born 12 weeks early at alder hey children 's hospital in liverpool . she was kept in hospital for three months during which time there were ` several consecutive days ' in which she had no contact with her parents . small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found in the infant , known as mary , who died suddenly in 2013 . now a review has called for a host of lessons to be learned after several agencies fell short in sharing information that could have
tracy stratton claims her daughter , tianni , suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at greenacres primary school in eltham , south east london . she claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house .
ed miliband admitted he ` blubbed ' during the british film pride that centres on the 1984 miners ' strike . every drop of sentiment is wrung out of the story , with brave young men and women risking their lives to take on an evil dictator . needless to say , the evil dictator who they 're fighting is margaret thatcher .
joseph mcenroe , 36 , from carnation , washington , was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007 by a jury last week . the same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole . in an attempt to spare his life , he told the court on thursday he ` thought ' he had to kill wayne anderson , 60 , and judy
couple cooed over seven-week-old regan on a visit to chorley , lancashire . baby talk has never been far from couple 's mind as they have campaigned across the country . mrs cameron said : ` definitely , we are not having another baby ' .
shauna mcglasson , 25 , was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles of the alice and wonderland ride at blackpool pleasure beach in august last year . she was carrying her three-year-old daughter lacey in her arms at the time and the toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself . it was this embarrassing incident that inspired the mother-of-one to make a dramatic change to her diet and exercise routine losing 7st in as many months
david and margaret-ann rous were on an easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills during bad weather in the scottish highlands . the pair had arranged a secret visit using mr rous 's light aircraft to see his wife 's mother and sister on an island in the inner hebrides . but when the couple failed to turn up at the island 's airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane , a search party was scrambled
tiger woods announced on friday that he will play at the masters next week . the 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on tuesday at augusta national , and golf channel said he was seen on the practice range friday morning at the club . woods last competed at the farmers insurance open on february 5 at torrey pines when he walked off the course after 11 holes .
mcdonald 's announced wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full - and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage beginning july 1 . it expects the average wage to be more than $ 10 an hour by the end of 2016 , up from the current rate of $ 9 an hour . the burger brand joins other large corporations raising basic pay against a backdrop of an improving economy and public pressure to increase wages .
white house chief of staff denis mcdonough had n't heard she 's expecting a baby girl in july . psaki , who was serving as chief spokeswoman at the state department , assured psaki they would accommodate her needs as a new mom amid the west wing 's nonstop demands .
jessica ainscough , 30 , died in late february following a seven-year-long battle with a rare and aggressive form of cancer known as epithelioid sarcoma . she spurned chemotherapy and radiation , choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as gerson therapy . but after discussions with ` oncologists , healers and specialists around the world ' in her final weeks - the most ` difficult ' weeks of her fight - began a course of
the man could be seen leaning out the side door of the black vauxhall vivaro van as it hurtled down the outside lane of the m40 near oxford . he appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the kj rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle . his boss , who has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing , revealed that the man claims he was n't feeling unwell and needed some fresh air
peter stringfellow 's son ben , now four , was born when he was 73 . since then claire , 52 , and bella are expecting a sibling for their 20-month-old daughter . poppy 's cot is in majorca where she lives most of the year .
the ` tragedy ' of california , fiorina , a maybe presidential candidate , said , is it ` has suffered from droughts for millennia ' . ` with different policies over the last 20 years , all of this could be avoided , ' she told glenn beck during a monday radio interview . ` it 's a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people 's lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology . ' .
australia 's biggest venomous snake has produced a huge lethal ` shot ' for reptile wranglers on the nsw central coast . the four-metre long king cobra raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler billy collett . the toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake . mr collett has been milking snakes for almost 10 years but has never extracted venom from
ben hagon 's high-powered mercedes crashed into tara mcintyre 's car . she had just popped out to the shops in her small ka when she was hit . hagon , who already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003 , had taken prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice the legal alcohol limit when got behind the wheel .
gigi hadid , 19 , took inspiration from kendall jenner when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback , particularly on social media . the model reportedly sparked the ire and resentment of some of her colleagues , who even went so far as to put cigarettes out in her drink .
the sisters have teamed up with new york-based company 's print all over me . introduced to the company via a mutual friend in the u.s. , the girls knew it was a match made in heaven . jess , 22 , and stef , 27 , have over 111,000 followers on instagram .
beyoncé , kelly rowland and michelle williams performed together during the 30th annual stellar awards in las vegas last weekend . the group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd , but they were n't introduced as destiny 's child - they were introduced by their individual names . ` alhough destiny ' child is made up of the three ladies , beyoncé 's father and former manager mathew knowles owns one-fourth
governor jerry brown observed the survey on wednesday , which found the lowest water level in the sierra nevada snowpack since 1950 . the fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as california depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs . so far in the current drought , many californians have not made changes to their daily routines to save water or taken a hit in their wallets because of it .
brad pitt , 51 , personally backed the building of 104 homes in the lower ninth quarter of the city , decimated in the 2005 storm , which killed almost 2,000 . but in a lawsuit filed in new orleans ' district court last week , pitt 's make it right foundation is suing timber treatment technologies for $ 500,000 -- claiming the wood was defective .
the motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the a39 between street and glastonbury in somerset on tuesday morning . he swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost , smashing the rear into smithereens and spilling the contents across the road . the car ended on the opposite side of the road - forcing oncoming traffic to slam on their brakes - with what remained of the caravan still attached .
takako konishi was found dead in a mini-skirt and high-heeled boots in the frozen wastes of minnesota just days after arriving . this was all confirmed by a police officer from the small town of detroit lakes , who said he had spoken to the 28-year-old shortly after she turned up . according to the film , takako froze to death searching for the $ 1m stash buried in the snow by steve buscemi 's hapless
asia siddiqui , 31 , was arrested thursday in new york for allegedly hatching a terrorist plot with her former roommate , 28-year-old noelle velentzas . khan , an american citizen , was killed in a 2011 drone strike in yemen . but before that he published several articles in inspire , including a diy bomb-making guide which the boston bombers allegedly used to make their twin pressure-cooker explosives .
the britain 's got talent judge is presenting a new series on itv . on give a pet a home , amanda and her co-stars -- including loose women 's coleen nolan , olympic gold medallist denise lewis and former pussycat dolls singer kimberly wyatt -- will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals featured .
according to a survey of 3,000 people conducted by visa , most intend to spend $ 324 on the once-simple query : will you go to prom with me ? for a primer on promposals , see previous years ' winners of most outrageous -lrb- and viral -rrb- prom proposals .
atif saeed , 38 , from lahore , pakistan was in the city 's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance . mr saeed got out of his car and crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames .
the mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory , agility , perception and reasoning , which all contribute to a high iq . in an iq test , the average score is taken to be 100 , and a score below this means your intelligence is below average . the youngest member joined aged two and a half , and the oldest was 103 .
tucked along the coastline of the second smallest country in south america , the tiny village of jose ignacio is almost unknown around the world . but every summer , this sleepy backwater hosts the creme of the fashion world , celebrities and more than a few millionaire playboys . staying in shabby chic cottages or sleek hotels overlooking the sea , they converge of the beach - a mass of honeyed limbs and perfect figures stretched out in the sun .
simon danczuk said it was ` unacceptable ' that people who were prepared to join isis should be free to come home . it comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in turkey -- including the 21-year-old son of a labour councillor in rochdale . coun ahmed , 45 , served alongside ed miliband on the town council until her resignation in january .
graeme oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including europe 's tribute to elvis in blackpool . the 50-year-old , from east yorkshire , even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series , called ` the kings of england ' . a selection of his work is on a uk gallery tour until 2017 , ans is currently on show at the cooper in barnsley , south yorkshire .
terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late . violators will be jailed for ten days , during which time they will be made to take an ` islamic course ' . those who pass being forced to take a test , with those who do n't will be fined .
ronstantin sivkov , who writes a column for the military-industrial courier , said russia needed new ` megaweapons ' to unleash chaos and guarantee destruction of its enemies . he said the main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the us , which is ` moving to the borders or russia ' .
tim mcnaughton is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to shoot his pilot colleague before turning the gun on himself . the 24-year-old posted a photo of the license on the social media site he alarmingly wrote : ` mwahahaha do the realize what they have just done -lsb- sic -rsb- ' . the deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide as it 's revealed a third man , lindsay hart ,
desert fairy circles are considered one of nature 's greatest mysteries . found in namibia , they are large barren patches of earth ringed by short grass dotting the scrub land like craters on the moon , or big freckles . suggestions have included termites nibbling grass , zebras rolling in circles , competition for resources , hydrocarbons emanating from the depths of the earth to kill off patches of vegetation and even aliens .
department store has slashed prices on almost 200 products in attempt to flog christmas trees , festive ornaments and decorations . it comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent # 7million on its tear-jerking 2014 christmas advert featuring monty the penguin . meanwhile , a 64cm high ` cambric and cream father christmas sack ' is now available to buy half price at # 17.50 .
two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $ 2 million hospital in western australia . the concerns around fiona stanley hospital , in southwest perth , were revealed to thewest australian by unnamed sources . the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty .
ashley jennifer white , 30 , and paul thomas , 32 , have been charged with child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son , noah , last month . noah thomas was last seen watching cartoons march 22 at home in dublin , virginia as his mother slept with her infant daughter . the couple 's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services the day after noah '
passengers travelling on notorious flight from glasgow to ibiza out of concerns for safety and comfort . ryanair refused to explain the reason behind its decision , but follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour by inebriated travellers heading to the island for days of sun , booze and revelry .
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland , police sgt. ricardo cruz told the associated press . cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the ms ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died . the cruise is expected to get back underway on friday as it heads to the virgin islands .
lane smith passed away in a freak accident last july , he left behind his heavily-pregnant girlfriend and their unborn son . kayli henley was snapping pictures of taos and his mother , sierra sharry , when the young mom asked the photographer if she could make their family complete . so henley took a photograph of smith from the family and fitted the image around his girlfriend and son , as if he were standing over them .
princess beatrice cut a glamorous figure as she left shoreditch house . the 26-year-old royal was joined by boyfriend , virgin galactic 's dave clark . she looked glamorous in her knee-length black leather dress . visit site iris & ink candice leather dress at saks off fifth now $ 169 .
the bell 525 relentless is due to make its maiden flight this year with purchasers forking out $ 15million -lrb- # 10.12 m -rrb- . the commercial helicopter has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort . it will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity be able to fly up to 575 miles without stopping .
princess elizabeth and margaret were let loose to join the jubilant crowds in london celebrating the end of the second world war in europe . among the most curious viewers of a royal night out will be a woman who knows better than anyone what really happened on that extraordinary night .
nicole kidman has been slammed by an american union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with etihad airways . the association of professional flight attendants argues the etihad deal was at odds with kidman 's role as a united nations women 's goodwill ambassador . etihad has rejected the allegation , arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline 's top priorities .
patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million gp appointments last year . 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week . the shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of a&e visits , researchers say .
sofia davila posted raunchy pictures or herself online and flirted with strangers she had contacted on the social network . but after meeting her victims , the 21-year-old would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious , before ransacking their homes . she was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystanders in the robberies .
prince harry has been filmed revelling in a daring new adventure . the 30-year-old is flying in an apache helicopter in afghanistan and braving sub-zero temperatures to trek across frozen wastes to the south pole . he will begin a month-long attachment with the australian defence force .
nicola horlick , 54 , whoraised six children while working in the city . revealed juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office -- even while carrying out job interviews . eldest daughter georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12 .
the $ 2 billion fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth was stripped of its medical service provider serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in february . the company was fined $ 60,000 and was subject to department of health workers auditing its staff , but the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments .
jay alvarrez and alexis rene share their stunning and carefree images on their instagram pages . their travels take them across the globe , from their california base to hawaii and indonesia . the pair also capture intimate shots of themselves together enjoying beach time , sunsets , amazing helicopter journeys and surfing .
dunkie king , 60 , has revealed how her three-way relationship with australian actor jack thompson and her older sister , leona , worked . ms king also revealed how she shared one man with her sister , nicknamed le - and her ex-husband , jack . the womanising actor was twice her age , while he was also involved with leona .
rick yoes , 57 , spent the weekend in jail in an attempt to avoid paying $ 1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations . but grand prairie resident claims the city did n't do enough to warn him about the citations , which officials claim were sent out in the mail .
sharon freundel , 63 , was caught filming dozens of women changing in a ritual bathroom at the kesher israel congregation synagogue in d.c. in october . her husband , bernard ` barry , ' was arrested after a police investigation revealed he had spied on women who changed in their ritual bathroom . in february , the rabbi pleaded guilty to 52 misdemeanor charges of voyerism and he is set to be sentenced on may 15 .
jennifer mcgirr , 61 , claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed . she also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on the reality tv show where b&b owners visit each others properties and rate their stay . she said other hotels in blackpool , lancashire , as ` grim ' in response to another couple 's claims that there were cheaper places to stay in the area .
fire broke out at three storey home in peckham , south-east london . owner allen mosey 's son , 21 , and daughter 's boyfriend escaped unharmed . firefighters believe that when leo was hunting for food he knocked one of the cooker knobs , turning the rings on .
ralph body , up until march 29 , manned the front desk of the luxury 27th building in long island city , queens . the 41-year-old told the new york post he ` gave his life ' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked . but that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants did n't sit well with the building 's management , body says .
lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls not only to attract a mate but to warn off rivals too may be trying to swipe their nesting site . male fish woo females with long , rhythmical boatwhistles , which also act as a deterrent to love rivals . they build nests under rocks during mating season , which runs from may to july and sing to attract female visitors .
dr omar saadi al-atraqchi , 42 , faces being struck off the medical register . urology specialist cut peepholes in lynx bottles and emptied them . he then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles so he could secretly film men next door to him . he pleaded guilty to four counts of voyeurism and was fined # 500 .
pdsa has said obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high . one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight . too many treats , the wrong type of food and lack of exercise were to blame for turning some of the nation 's bunnies into giants .
patrick sonderheimer , pilot of doomed germanwings , tried to break down cockpit door to stop killer pilot andreas lubitz from crashing the aircraft . mr sondheimer used an axe to try to save the lives of 144 passengers and five crew members on board . memorial display at dusseldorf airport erected in memory of the staff killed during the tragedy .
two-metre south american boa constrictor , on the loose , has been called off . police found the snake at the base of a tree on a footpath in surfers paradise and then released it into the wild . snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease ` it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia ' .
the ex bon jovi guitarist , 55 , allegedly told former business partner nikki lund he would ` dig a hole in the desert and bury her ' . sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on march 19 . his shaken former flame decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later .
saudi arabian warplanes strike rebel-controlled army camps in red sea port city of hodeida , and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products . jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as saudi-backed shiite rebels loyal to yemen 's deposed president ali abdullah saleh entered its seventh day .
arnold quintero , 21 , from san antonio , texas faces a string of charges . girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker . he faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child , evading arrest and possession with intent to deliver .
tattoo-loving soldiers in the u.s. army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules . ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect . regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped .
the grand mosque in abu dhabi is the world 's first ` virtual holiday ' experience on social media . holidays take management of an individual 's social media profiles and ` transports ' them away on the ` e-trip ' of a lifetime . e-scapes ' designers use cutting-edge photo manipulation software to produce flawless photos of customers at their chosen destination .
health minister dan poulter saw his weight fell from 105kg to 102.5 kg . his body fat fell from 24 per cent to 18 per cent . cooped up in the department of health , he admitted it is difficult to practice what he preaches on keeping healthy . his personal trainer stephen white put him on a regime of fat-burning intervals and muscle-building resistance training .
national union of teachers suggested government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead ` shut down debate ' in schools . teachers said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues over fears they will be pressured to report youngsters who share their opinions . they also claimed young people feel unable to express there views on certain subjects , such as the charlie hebdo killings .
billy-anne huxham , 18 , from caboolture , queensland , was found at 9.45 pm at aerodrome road in maroochydore , on queensland 's sunshine coast . her ex partner carl garry chapman , 32 , has been detained and charged with a string of offences including assault , torture and deprivation of liberty .
scientists at wisconsin university in madison have been using computer algorithms to analyse the whoops and songs produced by the apes . they found that predator ` hoos ' in particular were produced at frequencies well below the threshold of hearing for eagles and other birds of prey . the findings could help to provide valuable clues about human speech evolved and perhaps even why humans began using whispers .
delmarva power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills . the utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on march 25 . rodney todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power . they were last seen alive on march 28 .
joe giudice , who is preparing to head to federal prison for bankruptcy fraud , lost his driver 's license and was fined the maximum of $ 10,000 . he pleaded guilty in october to unlawful use of an id and impersonation . his wife , teresa , is serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges .
summer robertson , 21 , died after drowning off the coast of south africa . she was with three other british members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the latitude youth volunteering group . her parents sarah and john have been remembering their daughter who they described as a ` bubbly tomboy ' .
shadow chancellor refuses to rule out using point at which higher income tax rate kicks in to raise money to balance books . number of people paying 40p tax has already risen from 2million to 5million in two decades . tories promise to lift threshold if they are returned to power if they win election .
gemma flanagan , 31 , from liverpool , was left paralysed after being hit by guillain barre syndrome , a rare condition which attacks the nervous system . the aspiring model was working for british airways when the condition first struck . but for seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body , unable to move , speak or even swallow as the illness - which affects only one in 50,000 people in the uk - took hold .
karen davis , from port pirie in south australia , was captured streaking by a camera car for the popular google maps app . the 38-year-old , who plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday , has hit back at the controversy over her actions .
a refugee couple say an alleged racial attack on their own property has prompted their children to ask if they are ` really monkeys ' . footage of the incident , which took place in cloverdale , east perth , shows a bitter and racially fuelled argument between neighbours that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar . wa police have charged a 51-year-old woman with a string of offences .
adam crapser , 39 , of salem , was issued with deportation papers in january and a hearing is set for april 2 . the father-of-three , who has a fourth child on the way , arrived in america with the name shin sonh hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister . however , his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive . now after a life battling joblessness because of
louis jordan , 37 , who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina , was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital . the coast guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel , expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn . by the time they picked him up -- about 5 p.m. thursday -- jordan had been on the german vessel for
taliban propaganda release lavished praise on mullah omar 's ` special ' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers . taliban have reportedly seen defections to isis recently , with some expressing their disaffection with the one-eyed warrior-cleric . biography posted just after midnight on taliban 's main website .
islamist militant group has retreated from parts of northeastern nigeria . zeid raad al-hussein told a special session of the u.n. human rights council in geneva that if reports are true , boko haram have committed crimes against humanity . this comes in response to last week 's reports that hundreds of women and children had been seized from nigerian primary schools .
the man , ibrahim jalloh , along with another australian , were reportedly arrested at guangzhou airport in june 2014 . they were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice . it is believed sherrif 's sentence could be reduced to life in prison if it is decided he has been well-behaved during his first two years in prison . a number of australians are currently facing narcotics-related charges in china .
david fitzgerald , a san francisco based author , believes he was a literary invention that combined the stories from several cults and figures in judea during the first century . he also points to discrepancies in the early gospels of mark , matthew and luke , claiming these were written decades after the supposed time of jesus . he says this is surprising despite his ` global miracles and alleged worldwide fame ' .
chelsea manning sent out 15 tweets on friday afternoon - mostly to thank her supporters , including the american civil liberties union , amnesty international and journalist glenn greenwald . manning 's lawyer told politico that she was dictating the tweets over the phone to supporters in ` close contact ' with her .
john r. lind , 34 , admitted tainting pat maahs ' drink with his semen while they worked together at beisswenger 's hardware store in new brighton , minnesota . initially , maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk in the office was spoiled . lind pleaded guilty to indecent exposure , defined as engaging in lewd or indecent behavior . he will be sentenced for the misdemeanor on may 22 .
jeralean talley of inkster tops a list maintained by the los angeles-based gerontology research group , which tracks the world 's longest-living people . gertrude weaver , a 116-year-old arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days , died on monday . talley was born on may 23 , 1899 , and credits her long life to her faith .
randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ` fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds - his son then went about filming the moment of discovery . but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous , with randy 's six-year-old granddaughter porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror .
secret meeting between intelligence figures in moscow and washington reportedly revealed putin will consider any attempt to return crimean peninsula to ukraine . notes from the meeting are also said to have revealed that putin is planning imminent ` destabilising actions ' in pro-western baltic states . disturbances thought to involve cyber attacks or ramping up local ethnic tensions in estonia , latvia and lithuania intended to unsettle the region .
kourtnie a. sanchez , 25 , was arrested monday on charges including electronic solicitation , unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor . sanchez was a student teacher at marshall elementary school in eureka during the fall 2014 semester . prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17 , and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014 .
iran 's president hassan rouhani has pledged to abide by the commitments . the deal promises to end years of crippling sanctions against iran . residents danced in the streets , blared their horns and joyously waved their national flag . the agreement aims to prevent tehran making a nuclear weapon .
jockey lee ferguson is flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton . the 18-year-old jockey from hawick is propelled into an almost perfect 360 degree trajectory . ferguson 's whip goes flying as he begins to exit his spin and the turf starts to rush towards the disorientated young jockey .
li chien , 30 , had been visiting a nearby pub when his bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door . according to police reports , li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour 's yard where he slit the throat of the mixed-breed called lucky .
the lawsuit , which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families , is seeking $ 1billion . claims officials from hopkins approved the study at the time and even helped to monitor it as it ran from 1945 to 1956 . few victims who are still alive were almost all children when they were unknowingly infected , and many among them were orphans . in the aftermath of the experiment , some of the individuals died of syphilis , with open sores covering their bodies , while those who did survive claim
deborah fuller , 56 , dragged her dog tango for 400 metres behind her car . the rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws as well as grazing to his chest and a deep wound on his elbow . he is believed to have somehow escaped from the boot of her car and was dragged along the single carriageway because his lead was attached to the vehicle 's tailgate . fuller denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal by not taking it to the vets and failing
martin luther king was shot dead by james earl ray on 4 april 1968 at the lorraine motel in memphis , tennessee , in a killing which galvanized the civil rights movement . the fbi repeatedly deceived congress by destroying vital files relating to the assassination rather than tell the truth .
phone companies boasted that 4g services would be ` five times faster ' than the existing 3g networks when they launched in the autumn of 2012 . however , a new official study puts the real figure at an average of 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second compared to 5.9 mbit/s per second on the 3g service that most people use . but the actual figure is actually only 2.7 times faster .
the unnamed trader used perfect timing to capitalize on one of the biggest deals of the year when wall street journal mergers and acquisitions reporter dana mattioli took to twitter to announce that intel was in talks to buy one of its competitors , chipmaker altera . seconds later , the trader had snapped up 3,158 contracts of altera , with each option contract giving them the right to purchase 100 shares . this , after factoring in the intital share price and call option , leaves them with
donna oettinger , 41 , had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son zaki died on train tracks in south london in march 2013 . she had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy but was unable to receive the treatment recommended to her by doctors . her mental health had declined after discovering zaki 's father had a second family in egypt .
the animal charity has no more legal actions left under the hunting act . decision to drop case against william bryer , joint master of cattistock hunt in dorset . following criticism for spending # 22.5 million pursuing animal welfare prosecutions last year , rspca is now reviewing its policy on fox hunting cases .
mohammed alam , sayed juied and sadek miah treated burglary ` like a job ' . gang broke into 21 homes , taking a ferrari , porches , minis , paintings and cash . if found that valuables were locked in a safe , they would simply cut the safe out , before cracking it open later .
new yorker sarah theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry , frizzy locks were smooth and shiny . when sarah asked for her secret , her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing , opting to partake in the apparently-popular ` no poo ' movement , which sarah had never heard of until that moment .
the havasupai tribe are the smallest indian nation in america , with just over 600 village inhabitants . being eight miles from the nearest road , the village is accessible only via a hike through rugged terrain or by helicopter or mule . since then tourism has formed the majority of their income , with about 20,000 visitors flocking to discover more about the inhabitants .
online marriage proposals and star-struck children are a regular feature of rae johnston 's life . the 33-year-old sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the cosplay championships at this year 's oz comic-con . ms johnston is one of the growing number of australians who are dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book , television show or movie characters .
ten officers from guernsey police executed search warrants at the eagle medical practice and a private residential address on the island of alderney . hssd said that following initial investigation a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the hospital and the general medical council was informed . no arrests have been made .
the nauseating footage was captured on a camera phone at a school in portland , oregon , and shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before excitedly asking ` everybody ready ? ' . the teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher 's crotch .
evolo magazine skyscraper competition was established in 2006 to recognise ` outstanding ideas for vertical living ' . the first place was awarded to a team of polish designers for its project essence skyscraper , beating the designs for a giant ` times squared 3015 ' concept at the heart of times square . the main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans , water floors , fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet -lrb- 30 metres -rrb- above ground , and jungle
the british national , of polish origin but who has not been named , was arrested on saturday as part of an operation against the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front . members of the banned leftist group - known as the dhkp-c - took senior turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz hostage last week . both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out .
salvina formosa does weights and sit-to-stand exercises every week to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath . the 101-year-old widow from south wentworthville , west of sydney , has made over 13 wedding dresses and insists she still enjoys sewing and cooking .
blue bell ice cream has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people . last month , the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in broken arrow , oklahoma . the now-recalled ice cream product - cups of chocolate , strawberry and vanilla - is not sold in retail locations and is shipped in bulk to ` institutional accounts ' such as
a 12-year-old israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off thailand 's southwestern coast . the ao nang princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists . passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat .
kamron t. taylor , who has a history of escape attempts , fled from the jerome combs detention center in kankakee at about 3 a.m. . he somehow escaped from his cell , hid inside the facility , then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds . he was convicted of first-degree murder in february and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison .
more than 1,000 cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website -- private rooms are available for as little as $ 12 -lrb- # 8 -rrb- a night . the bulk of them are located in the capital of havana . airbnb has plans for rapid growth in cuba , where its employees have spent the last three months signing up property owners .
hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 . the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal . the shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties .
at least nine job listings have been spotted on apple 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops . these include one for an ios battery life software engineer , a software power systems engineer , battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer . when used as a watch the device will last up to 6.5 hours when playing music .
gizelle laurente had booked her son , jacob prien , on a flight from darwin to brisbane yesterday , so he could spend easter with his father and younger brother . however , when she was told her son would not be able to fly with the airline 's unaccompanied minors service , she feared his dreams had been shattered .
tiffanie didonato , 34 , from swansboro , north carolina , was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4 '10 tall . but even with the additional inches , parenting a rambunctious toddler can be difficult for the 34-year-old mom who has certain physical limitations .
red cross worker rene schulthoff did not realise how terrified the girl was until he was editing the photographs later . it was then rene who realised the girl - alone and barefoot among the metal huts - was so scared of his camera that ` she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon ' .
ugbaaso abukar boocow has become a celebrity on instagram . the 27-year-old is trying to change people 's perceptions of somalia with her photos and videos . with 68,000 followers , ugaaso 's instagram feed is a mixture of selfies , snapshots of daily life and humorous photos or videos .
ryan burns of eureka , california , said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from . he swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the animal at the wheel . footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn . he later uploaded the video online with the dog 's owner stepping forward .
steven christopher costa , 31 , plans to leave his home in devon to fight against isis in iraq because jihadis ` need to be put down like rabid dogs ' . mr costa spent six years in the navy and will make the 4,000-mile trip after raising the cash to pay for flights .
kevin pimentel , 12 , shot dead his six-year-old brother , brady , as they made dinner inside their mobile home in hudson , florida last week . the injured brother , trevor , attended the boys ' funeral at st. james the apostle catholic church in a wheelchair on wednesday . as many as 400 people attended the memorial for the boys , who would 've celebrated their birthdays this week .
carlos colina , 32 , pleaded not guilty in cambridge district court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault , battery and improper disposal of a body . remains , including a torso and limbs , first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company biotech saturday morning .
dangelo conner , from new york , filmed himself messing around with a stung gun . but his antics all went horribly wrong after he decided to electrocute a coke . he is instantly laid out on the floor , his muscles twitching uncontrollably . one girl kayla chambers said it was the ` best thing i ever seen ' .
former ice addict crsity collins was using crystal meth every day . the 30-year-old took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis . the former paramedic has slammed health services for failing to offer her support despite claiming on numerous occasions that bugs were eating her eyes . she said she should have never been allowed to be released so many times without a psych consultation or councillor .
the practice , which was founded by us entrepreneur nicole daedone , borrows much of its philosophy from yoga and meditation . it involves the light stimulation of a woman 's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption . there are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in the uk alone .
judge susan dlott means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the irs . the agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010 , when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like ` patriots ' or ` tea party ' in their names . the justice department said this week that it wo n't prosecute her for defying a congressional subpoena and refusing to answer questions .
an experiment on the iss will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space . the results could help farmers on earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond earth orbit to the moon and mars . scientists from virginia are also hoping to use meteorite soil to grow vegetables for a lunar and mars environment .
the zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum , lime juice , falernum , angostura bitters , pernod , grenadine , cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice . made with high-proof alcohol and hardly any mixers , these ten cocktails are sure to floor even the hardiest of drinker .
tashi , my guide for the week , was there to meet me , placing a white scarf around my neck as a sign of welcome . he was wearing the ubiquitous national dress , a knee-length wrap-over tunic hitched up by a wide belt . houses are decorated with dragons , animals and phallic symbols to guard against malicious thoughts .
lisa colagrossi had just finished covering a house fire in queens on march 19 when the married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm . the reporter 's mother was greeting mourners at her funeral on march 23 when she was approached by her daughter 's boss camille edwards . witnesses who overheard the allegedly awkward interaction told the new york post 's page six that mrs edwards told her : ` you are the reason i am standing in this
kristin holmes , 26 , arrested for ` facebook thugging ' on social networking site . captioned photo : ` i 'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you `` come find me '' ' . she then ` exchanged words ' with other users on the site , it is reported . holmes has since been charged with harassment by computer .
ukip 's immigration policy grew yesterday after nigel farage called for the number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50,000 a year . but at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration would be ` ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country .
green campaigning manual urges activists to appear ` level headed ' and ` agreeable ' . it also provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about their radical plans to dismantle the army , legalise drugs and pay everybody # 72 a week no matter how rich they are . comes amid growing scrutiny of the green party 's manifesto commitments after its membership surged to more than 50,000 .
karl lagerfeld , 82 , with three-year-old siamese choupette , who has earned # 2.18 million from tv appearances , said his cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in germany and beauty products in japan . the cat has her own twitter account .
sarah thomas , 42 , a referee for college football 's conference usa , has been considered before for a position in the nfl before she was chosen to start in the league next year . she has previously refereed preseasons games , scrimmages and minicamps . thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season .
dr michael shannon was trapped in his burning suv after it was t-boned by a semi-truck , when trokey , now an orange county fire authority paramedic , worked to pull him out alive . their incredible story was shared by ktla after the pair participated in a fundraiser for childhood cancer in rancho santa margarita , california on sunday .
rob kardashian is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with his weight gain over the recent years . his instagram contains just one post and he is rarely pictured outside his house . his sister khloe has previously revealed that she believes her brother suffers from social anxiety .
joshua malatino and his then-girlfriend , samantha scott of the snow kone joe ice cream truck business were charged in april 2013 after the driver of a rival truck claimed they tried to put him out of business . when the fractious dispute first came to national attention in 2013 , scott and phillip hollister , of mr. ding-a-ling , who the pair were accused of stalking , were exonerated . a judge in glovers
latisha fisher , 35 , has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old gavriel ortiz-fisher with her bare hands inside a restroom at 5 boro burger on west 36th street monday afternoon . fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems , but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year .
kathrin goldbach and her family are said to be so afraid of being blamed for the germanwings crash - caused by lubitz after he flew the plane he was co-piloting into the french alps . the 26-year-old maths teacher , her rescue volunteer brother andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to their home in montabaur .
jordan waddingham scoured through bushland at karoola , north east of launceston to unravel the plague of wasps . within minutes , the little wasp hunter made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic two-year-old nest near a creek bank . experts believe it 's the largest european wasp nest ever discovered with up to 100,000 wasps living inside .
a 71-year-old man and woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm . the carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in coonarr , near bundaberg , queensland , on tuesday . the pair , both from bunderg , will appear in court on friday .
tourists or locals can select made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine , baguettes , cheese and crisps . le classique picnic costs $ 55 -lrb- # 40 -rrb- and comes with all of the above , as well as champagne , foie gras and macarons .
randy pierce , from nashua , may now run the boston marathon this month , but there was once a time he could n't walk at all . pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old , from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair . although he was ` frustrated and angry ' at first , he was soon training himself to walk again .
tina campbell , from london , paid # 100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected . however , she said the incident has not deterred her from hair extensions again . miss campbell said : ` everyone wants luxurious locks like kim kardashian and cheryl fernandez-versini , but what if you could get them at a fraction of the cost ? ' .
jared henry , 27 , of arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch . after coming to a standstill , henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain . the pro-sportsman was shooting a video for the fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place .
sussex police accused of ` victim-blaming ' in campaign encouraging women not to leave their friends alone or let them wander off with strangers . women 's rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks , not their victims . but poster won praise from supporters who said it offered ` sensible advice ' .
sir stirling won 212 races in his 14-year career before a crash at goodwood in 1962 . the 85-year-old also spoke about how he has swapped the high-octane vehicles of his heyday for a tiny electric car that has a top speed of just 50mph .
taylor davis , 20 , was seen in the kissimmee , florida store , touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on tuesday . osceola county sheriff deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot . davis was questioned by police and was cooperating with the investigation .
event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world 's biggest , with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters . but it descended into mayhem as parents raced into the field armed with baskets of their own . footage of the hunt , which did not break the world record because they missed the deadline to apply , shows children as young as two being squashed by teenagers and adults picking up candy .
roberto cinti was driving the ferrari 599 gto in anzio , south of rome . he mistook the throttle for the brake when approaching a shop front . the driver mashed the throttle , unleashing 671bhp from the 6.0-litre v12 engine . only three ferraris have been designated gto and only 599 of the latest model were produced .
the red lady 's remains were found in the el mirón cave in cantabria , spain . radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago . when remains were first uncovered they were stained with red ochre . this suggests a full skeleton was placed towards the rear of the cave .
scotland 's oldest inhabited castle hosts drumming and singing , egg decorating , storytelling and an easter bonnet parade . carreg cennen castle children can help bottle feed any lambs or keep a beady eye to see if they can spot any of the signs of a ewe in labour .
ukip leader said he wanted to ` keep his mind as clear as possible ' . but he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against britain 's six other political party leaders . mr farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top in tonight 's itv showdown .
meaghan hudson , 25 , left those closest to her devastated when she sent text messages in december 2013 saying she was suffering from multiple myeloma , a type of cancer . friends , who have known her since high school in dayton , ohio , went to great lengths to show their support - they shaved their heads in solidarity for her chemo and got matching tattoos of an inspirational song lyric . the nursing student also had a fundraising website set up for her by her stepmother ,
new research is now questioning conventional wisdom and warning instead of the dangers of too much salt . both federal government regulations and the american heart association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of americans each year . some scientists are now saying that the average american salt consumption rate carries no risk .
frank sinatra underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered ronan farrow , according to his youngest daughter , tina sinatra . he said that tina , who is the daughter of sinatra and his first wife nancy , told him : ` could n't be ' . it has never been reported before that sinatra may be the father of her son , instead of woody allen .
fergus simpson from university of barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on earth . this means larger animals need more resources to survive , so are less common than plentiful ants , for example . mr simpson said there must be a minimum body size necessary for supporting intelligent life , based on the range of body sizes of intelligent animals such as apes and humans .
the 71-year-old 's childhood home in scarsdale , new york , hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in california . but realtors have glossed over the coincidence , and the checkered past involving durst 's mother 's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32 . the sweeping marble staircase is lifted from the original waldorf-astoria hotel , which conrad hilton labeled ` the greatest
photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from bangladesh , cambodia and sierra leone . each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item .
tuti yusupova 's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on july 1 , 1880 . they now want the guinness book of records to document achievement . the current record holder is french woman jeanne calment , who was 122 when she died in 1997 .
samsung will be the main supplier of the a9 chips in apple 's upcoming iphone range . samsung has previously supplied apple with various iphones parts . following legal disputes , apple shifted away from samsung and signed a monopoly deal with taiwan semiconductor manufacturing -lrb- tsmc -rrb- in 2013 .
lisa parkisson , 35 , died at oldham royal 48 hours after giving birth . newborn thomas beaty died at the same hospital in june after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth . independent investigators were called into royal oldham after the deaths of four babies and two mothers .
passenger made the awful discovery on a train travelling between lichfield trent valley and longbridge . it plunged commuters into hours of misery as the act of vandalism on the cross city line caused severe delays . london midland said that cctv images of the culprit would be passed onto police for investigation .
the unique psychedelic cartoon depicts the eponymous submarine from the 1968 film in which the fab four travel to pepperland to save it from the blue meanies . the rare celluloid painting , known as a cel , was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel . yellow submarine was a critical success on its release and led onto the beatles ' 10th studio album the following year .
charlie chaplin 's divorce papers lay bare the film star 's ` cruel and inhumane ' treatment of his teenage bride during their short-lived marriage . the 50-page divorce papers are set to fetch an estimated # 15,000 when they go under the hammer in plymouth .
maxine fohounhedo , 30 , was charged in december with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an uberx ride the month before . the 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride . she alleged that he then helped her into his car and drove her home .
bali nine duo andrew chan and myuran sukumaran will be put to death following the rejection of their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence . the court decided against allowing the pair 's lawyers to challenge indonesian president joko widodo 's decision to deny the two australians clemency . attorney-general hm prasetyo says he will not wait for another court challenge .
the replica cave has been built near vallon-pont-d'arc in southern france . it contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings , as well as 450 bones . the original and unique ` grotte chauvet ' was discovered around 20 years ago . it is the oldest known and the best preserved cave decorated by man .
alison hall , 48 , was at work when she felt her chest tightening . took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to back of her throat where it became lodged . after five minutes of choking , a false nail finally came loose from her throat . she is now urging others to check their inhalers before use .
india mayhew , seven , suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted at a riding facility in matheran 20 miles east of mumbai . the youngster , who was on the second day of a holiday , was rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival . doctors stated her cause of death as head injury and shock .
ronne dellal says her husband jack was worth at least # 400m when he died . she claims the property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to his family . her late husband was a regular at the gaming tables of casinos in mayfair and monaco and gambled # 1.7 million in a single night in 2006 .
john clarkson decided to wrap the easter delicacies in pastry before they were battered and deep-fried . the 55-year-old fryer says the savoury-sweet mix is a hit with customers , who have taken to dipping chips into the creme egg ` yolk ' like traditional toast soldiers .
dr julie epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct . she has been prosecuted by the health care complaints commission -lrb- hccc -rrb- . the tribunal found she had been prescribing human growth hormone and other similar subtances ` without exercising responsible medical judgement ' . other patients that visited dr epstein were a woman with a history of mental illness and eating disorders .
the bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to the bathroom and out into the stands on opening day . some were left with no choice but to relieve themselves while standing in line . the cubs admitted as much on sunday as thousands of the 35,000 fans in attendance .
the ohio-based national school safety and security services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year . about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message , social media , email or other online means . law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit .
giuliana rancic , 40 , left the trump international hotel in new york city on monday , just a day before the release of her new tell-all going off script . in her memoir , the fashion police co-host has detailed her tumultuous relationship with jerry o'connell .
lindsey norman noticed the uncanny resemblance in a six pack of # 1 buns . she purchased them from sainsbury 's in peterborough , cambridgeshire . she has since eaten all the buns in the packet and took them home for dinner . this is not the first time the saviour has been spotted in a peculiar sighting .
university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock blamed a 56-year-old man 's kidney failure on the 16 cups of iced tea he drank daily . black tea has high levels of oxalate , a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses .
kellie maloney , 61 , started the process to change gender two years ago . she was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days , but has been released . she now faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home in kent with children sophie , 20 , and libby , 14 .
ivan milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 and 1992 . in the letters , he tells shipsey about his ` fair share ' of ` sheilas ' , who write ` some frightening things ' - and one woman who has even proposed . shipsey , a former rebels bikie gang member who has been banned from visiting milat in prison , says he has released the book of his uncle 's letters for ` those who want
ivan carlos , 22 , and eighteen-year-old brenda avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the lone oak mobile home park in palmetto at around 2.30 am wednesday . the driver of the white chevrolet suv lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the park 's fence , killing the couple . christian crawford , 35 , was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries .
lara logan was sexually assaulted while reporting in egypt in 2011 . she is said to be resting at her home in the washington dc area but working on upcoming stories . a close family friend of logan 's , financial pundit ed butowsky , confirmed late last month that the 43-year-old had been hospitalized and revealed the extent of the journalism heavy hitter 's suffering since the attack in cairo 's tahrir square . butowsky previously told breitbart that log
cressida dated prince harry for two years , after being introduced to him in 2012 by princess eugenie . the pair split last april , despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry . the black number is n't available to buy , but if you click right , you can bag the dress in blue or white on mulberry 's website .
john and elizabeth knott lived in an ` idyllic ' # 500,000 retirement cottage . but mr knott , 71 , had been struggling to cope after his wife developed alzheimer 's disease and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door . he had spent months battling plans for the traveller encampment on the land -- which he feared would knock thousands off the value of his home .
lesley abravanel said brandt , 65 , was ` devastated ' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the netflix show unbreakable kimmy schmidt . dr brandt was last pictured on november 17 , 2014 alongside life coach tony robbins and wife trudie styler at a donna karan party .
australia has almost a million people working as au pairs around the world . around 10,000 au pairs travel to australia each year . foreign nannies from indonesia and the philippines can learn english and send money home . the rule currently is used is unsettling for families and tough on children particularly those with autism and special needs .
a power outage temporarily blackened washington , d.c. this afternoon , interrupting a state department briefing and forcing the white house onto back-up generators . traffic lights also went out in parts of the city . the source of outage was not immediately known , but the department of homeland security has said there 's no evidence of malicious intent or terrorism related activity .
rosa camfield , 101 , was born in june of 1913 and died monday . since this picture appeared on the popular facebook page life of dad , she received millions of likes and comments from around the world . rosa 's granddaughter , sarah hamm , 33 , detailed her grandmother 's life from tumultuous youth in the 1950s to her third marriage in her 80s .
the hot spot , near the four corners intersection of arizona , colorado , new mexico and utah , covers only about 2,500 square miles . methane is very efficient at trapping heat in the atmosphere . like carbon dioxide , it contributes to global warming . researchers say they do n't know why .
richard and angela maxwell , from lincolnshire , scooped # 53,193,914 . the couple , both 67 , have only modest plans for what to do with windfall . mr maxwell said she thought her husband was playing an april fools ' day joke .
star reader was diagnosed with biliary atresia within days of being born . after undergoing an operation to have her bile ducts unblocked , her parents were told the infant would need a liver transplant in order to survive . with neither parent a suitable match , her maternal aunt shanell reader offered part of her organ , and has since saved her niece 's life .
diane greenberg , a devout catholic , and her husband bob , who is jewish , decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion . diane took charge of her daughter , katie , while bob took the reins teaching steven , 21 , as they grew up in new hope , pennsylvania .
virginia roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving andrew 's friend jeffrey epstein , a convicted paedophile and sex offender . but judge kenneth marra ordered her claims she was a ` sex slave ' to epstein and was forced to have sex with him three times should be ` struck from the record ' .
jeffrey williams , 20 , is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on march 12 during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of ferguson 's police chief . all inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them . despite the warning he spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the st. louis county justice center .
andy hornby is non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u , which was found to be selling nhs patients ' data without their knowledge . the disgraced banker was in charge of hbos when it collapsed in 2008 . many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society -- either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled .
the orphaned youngsters - one of which escaped death after being carried away in a jack russell 's mouth - are doing better than ever . nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced to see whether the cubs were ready for food . the first of the badger cubs , named little star , was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at the secret world centre .
tham khoun ex caves , commonly known as xe bang fai river caves , feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits . with over 15km -lrb- nine miles -rrb- of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water , it really is one of laos ' hidden treasures .
christian englander , 30 , was arrested on monday for hurling a banana peel at dave chappelle during a comedy routine at the lensic theater in santa fe . on thursday , he claims to have hurled the peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a bar . englander was also arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery during chapelle 's show in new mexico .
the artifacts are believed to have been smuggled into the u.s. by former new york art dealer subhash kapoor . the dealer was arrested in 2011 and is awaiting trial in india . officials say he created false provenances for the antiquities . the museum yesterday handed over seven rare artifacts in its possession .
two states at the center of gay rights protests over laws designed to ` uphold religious freedom ' engaged in hurried climbdowns yesterday . arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state 's republican governor asa hutchinson , who rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute .
officers fired ` toward vicinity ' of tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev ` without necessarily having identified and lined up their target ' , 130-page document states . also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns . amid chaotic shooting , transit cop richard donohue was critically wounded . it is unclear whether he was shot by an officer 's bullet .
elijah suffers from type 1 spinal muscular atrophy -lrb- sma -rrb- . his mum jessica and dad andrew mccrae are planning to show him as much of the world as they can in his final days . his parents are refusing to wallow in their sadness . ` you can sit there and watch the sunrise and set with him , ' his mum said .
xiangyu ouyang , 26 , was on a state-sponsored scholarship from singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde . now , the recipient of singapore 's prestigious agency for science , technology and research -lrb- a * star -rrb- scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison .
pictures taken by gisèle freund , a german-born french photographer , show the artist in her garden in mexico . frida , whose real name was frida kahlo de rivera , was a painter who was best known for her striking and unapologetic style .
finnish stunt performer antti pendikainen attached a parachute to his snowmobile in riksgrnsen , sweden . the group managed to strap materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine . by using wood from an old truck bed , a tandem parachute and of course , duct tape , the group spent just three hours conjuring up the plan .
delta 's new pet gps system allows owners to track their pets on a plane . the first-of-its-kind technology was developed by sendum wireless corp. . the service is available from 10 us airlines including los angeles and atlanta . delta reported the greatest number of animal incidents and was held responsible for 41 of the 97 reported deaths that year .
the three men - thomas jordan driver , 25 , david elliot moran , 47 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 - were arrested thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder . the case comes as the latest black eye for the troubled state prison system .
tony blair made unannounced visit to ulaanbataar last month in capacity as a consultant to the cash-strapped government . he met new mongolian prime minister chimed saikhanbileg but the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists . ecologists fear a mining boom in the region could destroy sacred treasures .
her style is followed by women across the globe and whatever she wears is sure to sell out within minutes . author margaret atwood said kate has n't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of her husband 's late mother , princess diana . she said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers .
researchers at the university of missouri found infants are able to comprehend what constitutes bullying , friendship and what it means to be a bystander . they did better than others on a learning test , in which they had to link a specific sound to the ball . this suggests that babies learn from the unexpected , something that is important in a world in which we are constantly bombarded with information .
charlene bishop , who is 17 months old , went to feed her pony taffee on wednesday and was worried when she did n't meet her at the gate as normal . the left side of the pony 's skull was completely caved in , her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain . the five-year-old animal also had a broken leg and vets called to the field in boxley , near gillingham , kent ,
10 % of patients tried - and failed - to book a gp appointment in 2013/14 . each august , junior doctors with two years experience after medical school begin training as either a gp or a hospital doctor . in some parts of the uk , more than 60 % of positions remain unfilled .
ashley doody , 30 , allegedly stabbed her mixed-breed dog , trixie , with a kitchen knife on sunday . the mother-of-two has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before aroostock county superior court on may 19 . she has been banned from any access to pets in the future .
marvin `` papi gallo '' jones and ramon luis nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from jones ' black and red shorts at the ring in arcadia , florida . referee frankie santore jr. went over to pick up the samsung galaxy and looked like he was chastising jones , who seemed confused . but jones later told tmz sports that he was listening to music before the fight
researchers at gillette have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave . using x-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments . they discovered that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage .
marine le pen said he had ` never regretted ' making similar statements . daughter and current leader of party marine le pen immediately distanced herself from the comments saying she ` deeply disagrees ' with her ` deliberately provocative ' father . mr le pen , 86 , is the founding father of the national front and still an mep .
misty machinshok , 33 , jailed for 15 to 30 years for abuse in which she ` coached ' the pair on the best positions to conceive . she planned to tell friends and family that the teenager got pregnant with a stranger at a house party in their home town of wilkes-barre , pennsylvania .
two passenger jets allegedly came within 25 seconds of a mid-air collision over the arabian sea . one of the carriers involved , dubai-based emirates , referred to the apparent near-miss as an ` air traffic control incident ' . neither the dubai carrier nor abu dhabi-based etihad airways would say how close the two planes came to each other .
the 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the florence cathedral . officials said the tourist used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on monday morning , but it did not leave any permanent damage . the cathedral is the fourth largest cathedral in the world and one of the most popular tourist attractions in tuscany .
the grotty jail was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes . the grade ii listed building was previously known as bridewell prison in liverpool , and housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences . the rooms have being transformed into bright and airy abodes , a far cry from the desolate and dark cells they once were .
qantas warned back in february that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from april 1 . disgruntled customers who did not get the memo about the newly enforced dress code posted their complaints on social media . the mother said she never got an email to inform her about the new rules and managed to get into the qantas lounge on the same day while wearing thongs .
voters in last year 's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning . in one case , a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the ` unfair ' promise of free curry , nightclub entertainment and hotel stays . others accused politicians of ` fly-posting ' , while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting ` political views ' .
a 38-year-old suspect jumped into brush creek in kansas city , missouri , after being stopped by police . the suspect reached the middle of the creek and spent 10-15 minutes swimming back and forth . the driver got out of the mangled car and jumped into the water . he was taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg .
darren and dea pocketed just $ 10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family . teams will be hoping to do better than the block glasshouse duos . contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $ 100,000 bonus .
alex stock , a former friend of supposed victim ` jackie ' , spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature rape on campus . he was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out . rolling stone 's reporting was torn apart by professors who pointed out ` basic , even routine ' failures in how the story was prepared .
alfred hitchcock was born in leytonstone , east london , the son of a wholesale grocer . he was the neurotic fat boy with piggy eyes , who was filled with ` lavish and lavish and windus ' . his biography emphasises the importance of victorian and edwardian london in the imagination of alfred hitchcock .
the nigerian-flagged thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity sea shepherd , who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing . the thunder 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on monday after the ship was scuttled . thunder had been fishing in the waters between sao tome and principe , off the west coast of africa .
houston , jakarta , mumbai , and , of course , ho chi mihn city , vietnam , has just been named one of the fastest growing cities in the world . over the past 10 years , the percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent , with an impressive 400 per cent rise coming from the vietnamese city formerly known as saigon . australia saw an increase of 190 per cent .
anthony ray hinton , 58 , was released in the morning from the jefferson county jail in alabama on friday morning . hinton had to wipe away a tear as he spoke outside the jail following his release from prison after 30 years on death row . he says he should not have had to wait 30 years for investigators to test the gun that was seized from his home .
adele berry was put through to a call centre in south africa last month . but she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her . she says she made small talk with the man who answered the query to fill ` dead air ' , but did nothing to suggest she was interested in him .
abdel-kader russell-boumzar was granted bail in brisbane 's magistrate court on thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences . the 17-year-old shot to notoriety last october when footage of him apparently spitting on and racially abusing a security guard went viral . since then he 's been accused of repeatedly breaching his bail by flashing his backside at a young boy , being drunk in public during schoolies ' week
the kitten was discovered by puzzled staff at mediterranean linens in moreton-on-lugg , herefordshire . they heard meows coming from inside the container , which was carrying laundry linen . rspca was called out to investigate and there they found the exhausted and ravenous eight-month-old kitten , who had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes .
journalist jonathan maitland said there had been some shock at the drama . majority of critics are eager to know when they will be able to see it . it will open in london in june , less than three years since savile 's depraved behaviour was exposed in a television documentary .
jamie anderson said the cgi characters did not have the same charm as the ` lovingly detailed ' miniature puppets . he said : ` there is something to be said for real-world physics , the constraints they bring to film-making , and the ingenuity and beauty that results as we grapple with them ' .
jeremy clarkson had been filming top gear in hawes , north yorkshire . victim oisin tymon said he did not want police to take action on his behalf . but officers have now decided to drop the probe without taking action . clarksonson will not face prosecution over the incident .
kevin perz , 56 , a father-of-four and business owner , has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of mailing them a ` gift ' . it started in 1992 , when he sent a check to his former teacher , which had a $ 10,000 check attached to it . in it he says he would be ` sad ' if she did n't spend the money on herself .
set side by side it 's hard to believe they 're the same person . one with his shy smile , steady gaze and dark hair . the other , five decades on , pouting beneath razor sharp cheek bones , sunken eyes and platinum blond hair . they were taken at the age of 18 , when he was , in his own words , just ` a jewish kid from newark , ' and before he had transformed himself , into the figure lampooned on netflix show ` un
rita , 24 , unveiled as face of rimmel 's latest beauty campaign . showcases colourful new collection of eyeliners , lipsticks and nail varnishes . kate moss had to wait almost a decade to get a look from the singer . also unveiled her own festival-inspired range .
the 20-month-old boy had reportedly been choking and struggling to breathe on march the 23rd . forensic officers attended the property on merrygoen rd in neilrex on wednesday where they executed a crime scene warrant . police have said that inquiries to date suggest the death was suspicious .
robert mccombs told a court in grand rapids , michigan on wednesday that steven carl day admitted to him and his roommate roger musick that he was a child molester , musick strangled him to death . musick , 39 , mouthed the words ' i want to kill him ' and ' i looked over at roger and he was just as shocked as i was ' . the jury heard the shocking confession allegedly took place on december 18
richard curry was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum . he was warned he would have to have his nose removed to stop cancer spreading . but in order to make sure the new nose stayed in place , the 71-year-old then had magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity during a procedure at the royal blackburn hospital .
benny and bjorn actually laboured under this surrendering misapprehension when they wrote their song -lrb- songwriters are not hot on facts --rrb- . they would have discovered the truth when they subsequently paid a visit to the wellington museum in waterloo , just south of brussels in belgium .
benedict cumberbatch 's 6ft tall sculpture unveiled at westfield stratford city shopping centre . one lady was spotted cautiously approaching the edible artwork before quickly backing off . even less impressed was the shopper who stood stony-faced in front for several moments , while another burst into laughter .
more than 50,000 britons have signed up to a scheme offering discount starter homes to those desperate to get on the housing ladder . project is part of a dramatic extension of the help to buy scheme -- and doubles the number of new starter homes in england from 100,000 to 200,000 .
nicholas figueroa , 23 , and moises locon , 26 , both died when the building collapsed last thursday following a massive blast . investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion , with suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings . in august utility workers discovered the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped , it has emerged .
tanya heath paris has revolutionised women 's footwear with her collection of shoes that feature an interchangeable heel . the interchangeable heels come in all widths , from high to low , stiletto to chunky , and in a large array of prints . the brand was perfected in september 2013 , with the tagline : ` same shoe , different heels , endless possibilities ' .
harrison muttered ` f *** that n **** ' into a live microphone when another player was asked about kaminsky after kentucky lost 71-64 to the badgers saturday . the loss ruined the wildcats ' undefeated season ; they finished 38-1 . harrison has since apologized for his comment .
keith anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year . he left one , an army lance corporal , in a coma and severely brain damaged . but after returning to the uk , he was attacked at a bus stop by drink and drug-crazed keith . just minutes before the attack , anderson had punched another man , injuring him and leaving him incapable of work for a month .
andrew getty , 47 , was an heir to the vast getty oil fortune . he put a payphone in the hall of his surrey mansion , failed disastrously in his quest to prevent his huge fortune spoiling his heirs . a string of gettys have died from drug overdoses , while another grandson of the family patriarch , jean paul getty iii , never recovered .
mindy kaling has denied knowing anything about her brother 's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an african american to get into medical school . a representative for the comedienne told us weekly she has been estranged from vijay chokal-ingam ` for years ' and claimed she ` was not aware of his decision to apply to medical school under a different name and race ' . this comes as he admitted his sister has told him she is ` ashamed ' of him for
fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our dna and dates back thousands of years . it could mean that arachnophobia represents a finely tuned survival instinct . and it could date back to early human evolution in africa , where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago .
kyhesha-lee joughin was forced to use the room she was locked in as a toilet before dying in severe distress of internal injuries , a court has heard . family friend who was charged with the toddlers manslaughter was granted bail on wednesday . the bail hearing revealed that the three-year-old suffered blows to her stomach causing severe bowel damage - ultimately leading to her death .
documents released by edward snowden claim britain was spying on argentina between 2006 and 2011 . there has been no official response from the british or argentine news agencies , it has been reported . the south american state still claims territorial rights to the islands , which they refer to as ` malvinas ' .
teresa james , 40 , believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile . sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996 , and the trend for excessive bleaching has grown so commonplace there that dentists have coined a new word for it .
pressure on the education system has intensified following a baby boom . local government association warned they may not be able to create more places at the rate that is needed . two in five local authorities in england will have more children ready to start school than there are places . this will increase to more than half by 2017/18 and to three in five by the following year .
hannah and alex purchased a 1986 hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love . the result was a solar-powered two-bedroom , wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in nelson , new zealand . the couple could n't afford to buy a full-sized lot .
woman had been left in the water clinging to the hull of their overturned trimaran in the english channel yesterday . her partner had ensured she was safe , then tied a rope around himself , before diving under the vessel to locate the flare . hm customs cutter valiant , which was on the water nearby , was sent to help them .
ashton canal was turned into a giant bubble bath after fire crews tackled a blaze at a nearby chemical plant . it is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings . environment agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted any wildlife .
the freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning in the freezing waters of the sea of okhotsk 205 miles off russia 's kamchatka peninsula . 63 crew members of the dalny vostok were rescued with the sea 's temperature near zero degrees celsius -lrb- 32 degrees fahrenheit -rrb- . the ship was carrying 78 russian nationals , as well as 54 foreign nationals from myanmar , ukraine , lith
labour launched a poster declaring ` the tories have made it harder to see a gp ' . but critics were quick to point out that the figures were out of date . comes after labour launched a letter claiming that ` five years of flat-line funding ' have ` crippled the nhs ' .
andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january . he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20 , but he died on sunday at northwestern memorial hospital - medical examiner 's office spokesman frank shuftan says a cause of death wo n't be released until monday .
police searched an area near a ford motor company plant in michigan on sunday for clues related to the disappearance of chelsea ellen bruck . miss bruck , 22 , from maybee has not been seen since the early hours of october 26 , 2014 despite extensive searches on foot and by helicopter to locate her .
jodie barden , 28 , is mother to ella , eight , and chloe , one , who suffer from cockayne syndrome and have a life expectancy of just 12 . the condition causes premature ageing , an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head . mrs barden has already made arrangements for both daughters ' funerals .
the cage was specifically designed for him to as a ` withdrawal space ' for the 10-year-old autistic boy . the structure was in place from march 10 to march 27 , according to act education minister joy burch . the principal has been removed from the school and two teachers with expertise in disability education have been assigned to the school .
there are only three countries in the entire world where you are more likely to have a female boss than a male boss . jamaica , colombia and saint lucia , all relatively close to each other , have the highest percentage of female managers in the world . britain ranked relatively poorly and came in at 41st place out of 108 of the surveyed countries .
china national tourism administration -lrb- cnta -rrb- said on monday that provincial and national authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to china . they are hoping strict measures will encourage chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad . according to chinese people 's daily , bad behaviour will include : disorder on public transportation － damaging public facilities or historical relics .
denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile . but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment . the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .
hayley adams , 29 , of barnstaple , devon , was seen sneaking into william tanner 's bedroom and taking cash from his coat , after a cctv device was put in the room . ms wrenn , 56 , had earlier expressed concern that his money kept going missing , but was shocked to discover the culprit was a trusted relative . adams admitted taking about # 65 , north devon magistrates ' court was told .
the former secretary of state has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in brooklyn , new york . it 's not clear whether the campaign itself or some other legal entity signed on the dotted line , but putting ink to paper at the aristocratic-sounding 1 pierrepont plaza has started a countdown clock .
a europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job . in estonia , one of least generous , only around 40 % did . in norway , almost 80 per cent of people wanted a job , only 40 per cent did .
a hearing in the case is scheduled for friday in alexandria . the ex-student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy . the university of virginia implemented changes in its sexual misconduct policy in the aftermath of a rolling stone article alleging that a student had been raped at a fraternity party .
the most rev justin welby said the 148 mainly christian victims of thursday 's brutal mass-murders were ` witnesses , unwilling , unjustly , wickedly , and they are martyrs in both senses of the word ' . he also made a nod to the recent agreement between iran and the international community over its nuclear power .
michelle pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by katie couric . the series was created by diane english , the creator of murphy brown . couric will serve as an executive producer and help ` ensure the series strikes realistic notes ' .
the bbc has axed richard hammond and james may from the top gear website . it comes just over a week after the 54-year-old was sacked from the show . co-presenter jeremy clarkson was sacked for an ` unprovoked ' attack on a top gear producer .
nicholas figueroa 's mother , ana , was among more than 200 mourners to attend the funeral for her son , who was on a second date at a sushi restaurant . carrying a red rose and wearing a button featuring her son 's image , she wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse outside the church of the holy name of jesus .
rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by oregon zoo officials . his leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990 . a 2008 study indicated a 36-year median for asian elephants in european zoos says they have a median life expectancy of 19 years .
sexting is ` not advised for politicians ' , says ed miliband and nicky morgan . both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages in a quiz for cosmopolitan 's website . green party leader natalie bennett responded that it is ` ok for other adults but not for me ' .
john howard , 66 , had been a member of the overseas press and media association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago . father-of-three spent # 300 meals a month and also spent money on flowers . he was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed ` i 'm sorry ' to a former colleague as he left the dock at canterbury crown court .
new york is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but moma is still brilliant . the city bears no resemblance to the version depicted in friends and gossip girl . among the latter was the z hotel , a stark block of a building decked out in the industrial-chic style so beloved of london hipsters .
tiffany jackson was arrested by police for driving with an invalid licence . three of the students were suspended for three days at highland oaks middle school in memphis , tennessee . parent shanna richardson said her son apologised to the teacher and she thought it was unfair that he had been singled out .
researchers from clarkson university in new york claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould . exposure to the mould can cause mood swings , irrational anger and cognitive impairment . no-one is exactly sure of the psychoactive effects of indoor mould exposure on the brain .
kristi gordon , of british columbia 's news channel global bc , was joined by her fellow anchors robin stickley and squire barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments . the mom has received about her second pregnancy on an episode of the online-only news hour plus .
party will launch billboard using image from famous 1979 ` labour is n't working ' poster . but instead it will warn : ` the doctor ca n't see you now ' , but instead warns : ` labour will warn that new official figures show 600 fewer gp surgeries across england are now open ' .
the driver , who has not been identified , was trapped under the car for more than four hours during the incident that occurred on wednesday . the girl was in stable condition and largely kept her cool during the ordeal , fire capt. paul voakes of the pine-strawberry fire district said . the two passengers , aged 16 and 17 , have also not been removed from the four-door sedan an hour after the accident .
aaron hernandez 's defense team took just one day to deliver their case against prosecutors who spent two months producing 100 pieces of evidence . the defense 's first witness was dr. david greenblatt , a professor at tufts university of medicine who testified that the drug pcp can cause people to be suddenly violent , even days after smoking it . both men have pleaded not guilty and will be tried later .
sydney psychologist darryl dewar hugged his client , patted her head , directed her to sing and used offensive language . the woman , who was having suicidal thoughts at the time , also claimed he called her ' a horny little thing ' and asked her if her mother was a ` f -- ing bitch ' . the civil and administrative tribunal reprimanded mr dewar last week and have banned him from re-registering as a psychologist unless he takes part in counselling or further education .
edmund echukwu , 35 , was pulled from the water at a james bond-themed sex party at a # 3million mansion in radlett , hertfordshire last friday night . fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at watford general hospital after emergency services were called .
american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle . footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow . to date the clip has been watched more than 190,000 times .
tiffany sical , 21 , and boyfriend bryan rodriguez-solis , 23 , killed in rhode island . they were traveling home from screening of fast and furious 7 on sunday . joel norman , 24 , reportedly entered exit ramp while under influence , police said . he collided head-on with their car , leaving their daughter , jaylene , an orphan . now , norman has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under the influence - death resulting
dimitri harrell , 21 , ` pulled out his gun and pointed it at samirria white , 19 ' . carrying couple 's three-month-old child , he then shot miss white in the face . when medics arrived at scene , they pronounced young mother dead . now , harrell has been charged with one count of second-degree murder .
no serious injuries were reported in the crashes on u.s. highway 36 between boulder and denver . tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars . in aurora , near denver , one person died after being thrown from an oldsmobile bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of interstate 225 .
the 2015 sydney royal easter show , which opened to the public last thursday 26 march , includes a toy sheriff 's hat , a vest and a red bandana . for $ 15 buyers will get a drinking cap with aussie flag , a mullet wig , fake bogan teeth , aussie pride stubby holder , and an infatable aussie bar poster , altogether worth $ 50.90 .
ferme de montagne proprietors suzanne dixon-hudson and husband henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital , pre-winter season . suzanne , whose cv glitters with top posts in luxury hotels and catering , added : ` it exposes them to a five-star environment where exacting standards of service and composure are required at front of house ' .
victoria 's secret caused huge consumer backlash when it unveiled its campaign slogan ` the perfect body ' . more than 27,000 people signed a change.com petition started by three students asking for an apology . for the initiative to be scrapped , the us lingerie firm changed the wording of the advertisement . but that has n't stopped similar brands poking fun at the ridiculous message of the original slogan .
casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs . he stipulated that there must be no ` gagging or making any faces ' . footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute 's hesitation and running off ` to be sick ' .
expectant mom ambermarie irving-elkins felt a few contractions on thursday morning but thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby . she was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine when she suddenly knew he was coming . ' i had that contraction that hit me and brought me to knees , ' the mom-of-three told ktla . deputy marquette oliver ran over
the illume arclighter creates a ` super high-intensity ' electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes . this means there is no flare ups like with matches or conventional lighters . instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters , the illume replaces a traditional flame with a high intensity electric arc that focuses its energy at the tip .
three centres in the uk are set to open offering proton beam therapy . the treatment will be available to nhs cancer patients in cardiff , london and northumberland by 2017 . comes weeks after parents of brain cancer sufferer ashya king received proton bean therapy at a centre in prague .
germanwings flight 4u814 to venice was diverted to stuttgart as the airbus a319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil . the flight , which had 123 passengers and five crew members on board , took off from cologne at 9.55 am local time . german airline lufthansa has been in the spotlight after one of its planes crashed into a mountain in the french alps last week .
the 33-year-old from brighton 's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the channel 4 show nine years ago . despite being given # 100,000 of prize money and releasing a successful autobiography , pete is now broke and living off the charity of friends .
landon carnie and his twin sister lorie were initially thought to have died with scores of other youngsters when the first flight of operation babylift crashed minutes after take-off . incredibly , with wreckage and bodies strewn over miles of countryside , the 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy more than a day after the crash . now 41 , landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside on
phil blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour . the 32-year-old bar manager posted mocked-up image of buddha wearing dj headphones on facebook . human rights campaigners claim he has been ` abandoned ' by the foreign office . he was found guilty of insulting religion along with burmese owner .
president barack obama said on saturday that diplomacy is the best way to deal with iran 's contested nuclear program . iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement which would curb nuclear program and potentially lift economic sanctions . obama gears up to sell us skeptics on the deal , he said in his weekly address .
david cameron ate his hotdog with cutlery as he enjoyed lunch in dorset . bizarre dining etiquette designed to avoid repeat of ed miliband 's attempt at eating a bacon sandwich on the campaign trail last year . tory leader loaded his plate with potato salad , cucumber , tomato and a hotdog before settling down next to lilli docherty and her daughter dakota .
steven mathieson , 38 , stabbed prostitute luciana maurer dozens of times . as she lay dead on floor , father-of-two called two more vice girls over to family home and raped them before they managed to flee while still naked . he pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the high court in glasgow today .
raymond howell jr. 's body was found near a culvert in mckinney , texas . police have not confirmed how he passed away but friends said that he had died from a bullet wound . friends recalled him as a happy and friendly teenager , but said he had recently asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students .
nigel farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with hiv in thursday 's general election debate . instantly the ukip leader was accused of ` dangerous scaremongering ' . but while some of his claims were overstated , the latest official figures show that more than half of those newly diagnosed with the virus were born overseas .
trevor duffy , 19 , of the bronx died in november . his death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by zeta beta tau members at an off-campus home . the two students want to return to the college reports the times union of albany , as they were among the 24 sanctioned by the university .
woman armed with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged and television footage showed police sealing off the street . attack comes a day after turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz , 46 , died in hospital after members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse .
two residents from the osborne apartments on west 57th street in manhattan told the new york post of their experiences with spirits in the building . chastain and her boyfriend , gian luca passi de preposulo , spent $ 5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms . the space is located close to carnegie hall and is a few blocks away from columbus circle , central park and lincoln center .
greg gibbins and his friends were at the beachcomber hotel in toukley on the central coast , nsw on sunday night before they headed to a nearby , late-night pizza shop . shortly after midnight , emergency services found him with serious stab wounds at about 12.10 am from an alleged random attack . the 28-year-old wyong roos rugby league club player was treated by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at gosford hospital .
harrison ford 's character dr richard kimble escaped from a prison transport moments before it collided with the onrushing train . the scene , which was filmed using a real train , cost an eye-watering $ 1.5 million to shoot while the remains of the vehicles were left on location . the wreckage has since become a tourist attraction 23 years after the memorable action scene was shot .
leila alavi had taken out an apprehended domestic violence order against her ex-husband mokthar hosseiniamraei . ms alavi reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead in an underground car park at auburn shopping village in sydney 's west . the 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser 's body was found by a distressed colleague inside her holden astra with initial examination suggesting she had suffered a knife wound to the
the student was identified with information provided by other students and will be subject to duke 's student conduct process . the noose is a particularly sensitive image in the state , where black residents were once terrorized by lynchings . the school also is working with state and federal officials about potential criminal violations .
police in paramus , bergen county , responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community , according to their facebook page . the goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on saturday . the animal was not injured in the incident .
susan house amazingly survived a huge gas explosion that ripped off two of the walls and left the rest of the property on the brink of collapse . fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard , blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof . ms house went for a stroll shortly before the detached property exploded yesterday afternoon , leaving a scene of destruction .
kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for the veterans empowered to protect african wildlife -lrb- vepaw -rrb- . the organisation was founded by an ex-marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9 / 11 . she was also deployed for one tour of afghanistan .
periscope , twitter 's new iphone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online , launched a week ago . early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the much talked-about technology . despite the initial hype surrounding the launch of the app , there are already a concerning number of users , particularly women , reporting that they have been sexually harassed , or trolled , while using the technology .
the plot above is based on 94,526 images for the years 1800-2000 . it shows a clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th century , with all colours increasing except for orange . the software extract the relevant colour information from them , and plots it in a nice way .
anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , who has been missing since march 2 , has been focused on a pond near carrsville , virginia , after a new tip . local resident steve hines said that divers were searching the outer edges of the pond for the freshman 's phone , which sent strange text messages to her mother shortly after her disappearance . aj hadsell was last seen driving near her parents ' home in norfolk and her stepfather wesley had
the vaccine , developed in canada , is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus -lrb- vsvv -rrb- that is combined with a portion of the protein covering the ebola virus . when administered , it induces an immune response against the virus . researchers said one jab protects against a disease which has killed more than 10,460 people in a year across six countries .
the queen and senior members of the royal family will attend the westminster abbey service of thanksgiving . a chain of beacons will be lit across the country , spitfire and lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies and a star-studded concert will be held in london from may 8 to 10 .
the rapper , whose real name is robert van winkle , appeared in palm beach county court on thursday . he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing furniture and pool equipment . the charge was a third-degree felony which carried a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $ 5,000 fine .
david hyche , now a special agent at the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms , developed the technology nine years ago when his daughter turned blind . a transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound . hyche has passed on the idea to the alabama institute for deaf and blind in birmingham .
lib dem leader said idea of more than two parties forming a government is not ` going to work ' . he said it would be a ` messy ' way to run the country and risked instability . mr clegg told voters to go to the ballot box on may 7 expecting a hung parliament , with no one able to secure an overall majority of mps .
the premier for western australia has sparked outrage after saying ` some good ' has come out of the year-long search for the missing malaysia airline . colin barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science . this comes as the wife of an australian passenger on mh370 spoke of her heartache , revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father has n't come home .
more than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers , villages and even the jungle to make the trip , having been kept like slaves at the pusaka benjina resources fishing company . they were finally being rescued by the indonesian fisheries ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching .
ed balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today . asked what seven times six equals , labour 's shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly . he was asked to work out the multiplication at the q&a after he revealed he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths .
colin turnbull , 69 , found in ` compromised position ' with rozina khanim . school facilities manager kevin bird walked in on the pair while they were engaged in a sex act during an entrance exam day . mr turnbull has not commented on the tryst but school confirmed senior staff had told him to ` never return ' .
shigella infections , otherwise known as ` delhi belly ' or ` montezuma 's revenge ' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the dominican republic , india or other countries . the superbug sickened at least 243 people , in 32 states and puerto rico . sometimes antibiotics are prescribed , especially for more serious cases .
the prickly australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea in the turquoise waters off the mornington peninsula , 83 km south of melbourne . the video of the swimming echidna , which looks to be happily using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel , was posted online by youtube user emma b . echidnas are actually ` proficient ' swimmers - though they usually prefer fresh water to the open ocean .
minicab drivers are exempt from criminal records checks . those applying for asylum do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver . legal loophole in official application document on ` private hire driver licensing ' says people coming to britain will not be required to have criminal convictions checked .
13 letters that hung over yankee stadium were estimated to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 . the letters were installed in 1976 and taken down in 2008 . sotheby 's was auctioning off a new york mets bullpen car from the late 60s .
passenger flying from newcastle airport to gatwick was pulled aside at security after staff thought his pease pudding was semtex . the 58-year-old , who previously appeared in the bbc tv series blackadder , was surprised at the mix-up . he was simply warned to pack them in hold luggage the next time he was travelling .
prime minister 's wife swooped into rochester and strood , the seat held by mark reckless after he defected from the tories last summer . mrs cameron joined tory candidate kelly tolhurst for a visit to abbey court school in rainham , kent . she also spoke to five-year-old jessica at the school , which aides said was ` very close to her heart ' .
zayn malik announced he was leaving one direction last week . producer known as naughty boy posted a clip of a track entitled i wo n't mind . indeed , the track sent both one direction fans and one of zayn 's former band mates into turmoil . the video is thought to reference the collaboration between the two .
the scandfit try size -- dubbed ` the boob-job bra ' -- was developed to help women about to go under the knife decide what size implants to have . not surprisingly , it has gained a following among women like me who would never have surgery but love the idea of trying out a dream decolletage for a day .
the rescue mission comes after the sea shepherd vessel bob barker followed it 's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel . the toothfish poaching vessel thunder issued a distressing signal , claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00 pm on monday . around 35 crew members from the thunder ship were safely rescued after being held in life rafts .
a florist in eastern washington state fined $ 1,000 for refusing to sell a same-sex couple wedding flowers and also facing a consumer-protection lawsuit . nearly half of the money on the gofundme.com page set up in february for 70-year-old barronelle stutzman came in the last several days . supporters compare her benefit page to an indiana pizza shop that raised more than $ 800,000 after closing when the owner said the shop would
becky watts went missing from her bristol home in february . her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later . nathan matthews , 28 , faces a single count of murdering his step-sister . his girlfriend shauna hoare , 21 , is accused of perverting the court of justice .
the religion 's share of the world 's population will equal the christian share - at roughly 32 per cent each - in 2070 . the number of muslims will increase by 35 per cent in the next four decades . several countries are also projected to have a different religious majority by 2050 .
the married mother-of-two ran debenhams , jaeger and aquascutum before she won the make-or-break style director role at m&s in september 2012 . today it appears that her hard work has paid off , with general merchandise sales , which is mainly women 's clothes , up 0.7 per cent - the first rise after 14 consecutive quarters of losses .
yahya rashid , 19 , of willesden , north west london , charged with terror offences . he was arrested at luton airport on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under section five of the terrorism act 2006 . rashid was due to appear at westminster magistrates ' court today .
scientists in the mid-1980s found that the planet does n't just oscillate following quakes , and instead is vibrating at extremely low frequencies all of the time . these vibrations are n't powerful enough to be detected by humans , but are strong enough to register on seismometers and similar similar .
ralph vaughan williams ' work topped the classic fm hall of fame . it topped the poll last year as well and four years ago was named nation 's favourite desert island discs tune . it found a wide audience last year when it was played as hayley , played by julie hesmondhalgh , took a lethal cocktail to end her suffering on coronation street .
benito gonzalez jr. , 46 , was suspended from duty after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table in a cherry hill starbucks . a surveillance photo posted to the cherry hill police facebook page led to the 17-year-old police veteran 's arrest . the father-of-three was found guilty of the offense last month and is currently suspended without pay .
bryan santana , 20 , of orlando , florida , was found guilty of the cold-blooded murder of his roommate , shelby fazio , 23 , on thursday . he was sentenced to two life terms in prison . the trial in orlando lasted just three days .
simon mitchell , 44 , stole from donna 's dream house , a charity for terminally ill children based in blackpool , lancashire . following a three year investigation the volunteer worker admitted stealing a laptop and tomtom satnav from the charity - despite the fact he was meant to be helping the charity . he pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at preston crown court .
shaquille omar hallisey 's attack in cardiff was described by a judge as ' a savage demonstration of violence in a public place ' . the 20-year-old 's victim matthew leeke , 38 , had been out with friends and was making his way home alone when the assault took place . paramedics treated cuts to the back of his head and his forehead which had to be glued and stapled in hospital .
becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when her stolen car was located and returned to her with new red rims and detailing . the brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night , just a little over a month after she took the car home . she took to facebook and posted a photo of her and her new ride , writing : ' i want to thank the car thieves for pimping out my vehicle for me ... this
janet muller was seen walking in a subway in portslade , east sussex . the 21-year-old 's body was found in the boot of a burning car on march 13 . her family described her as an ` inspirational , passionate and caring person ' . she had been reported missing from mill view hospital in nevill avenue , hove .
steven howie , 28 , left girlfriend karen murray , 31 , with 18 separate injuries . couple had cancelled new year 's eve party that their hotel room resembled a ` bloodbath ' , a court heard . howie punched , kicked and kneed her during prolonged assault , smashed furnishings and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges .
pope francis spoke to tourists and catholic pilgrims in st peter 's square . he urged the international community not to ` look the other way ' . the 78-year-old has been increasingly vocal about the fate of christians being targeted by islamic extremists in parts of the middle east , africa and asia .
the successful applicant will have to travel to various royal residences - including balmoral in scotland - for three months of the year . they must also order in ` the freshest seasonal ingredients ' from the queen 's private scottish retreat 's kitchen garden and game from the royal estates .
kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children . he siphoned off the # 400,001 fortune over an eight-year period but when he was finally arrested he told police : ' i played him ' .
jack rivera , a new york trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday . footage shows the driver of a black suv , identified as 49-year-old laura michelle mayeaux , coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane . she then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere . rivera
hayleigh mcbay , 17 , of elgin in moray , scotland , pretended to dump david clarke via whatsapp at midnight for a joke . but the girl from elgin was given a taste of her own medicine when he pretended that also wanted to break up . soon after her boyfriend revealed that he had also been playing an april fools ' day prank .
the wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the new york international motor show . it came just a day after it was announced that swindon in wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door civic , supported by a new # 200million investment .
ashley and mary-kate olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world . despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins . take pre-colonial brazilians , who thought twins were a product of adultery , resulting in the poor innocent mother often being executed for her supposed infidelity .
david light , account director at the data partnership , revealed underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people . in meetings with our undercover reporters , they admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable . they said they could never be honest with people about the consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls .
eight-strong team have transformed more than 30 telephone booths in china 's capital city into a representation of baymax . phone booths in beijing have been painted in the style of disney character baymax by graffiti artists . starting at midnight , they hit the streets in teams of four to spend five hours working on the phone boxes .
helaman barlow , who was chief of the bordering towns of colorado city , arizona , and hildale , utah , says he is revealing the secrets after leaving the church behind . his account comes amid reports that jeffs continues to direct the fundamentalist church of latter-day saints despite being in prison for marrying and raping two 12-year-old girls .
theodosia aresti , 71 , moved into a new-build flat in london five years ago . but after a blocked pipe unleashed a ` tsunami of sewage ' from 239 other flats into her apartment . her hopes of a contented retirement were ruined - and she now hopes to move .
the easter feast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester 's northern quarter . it includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs . the meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
flight ei 660 had left dublin at 8.30 am and was forced to land back at dublin airport at 9.20 am . it was confirmed that the landing was not an emergency , and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause . airlive tweeted the change in plane direction to their followers on twitter .
the first hour-long tour through the nga 's current exhibition , ` james turrell : a retrospective ' took place on wednesday night . the tour guide for the retrospective , which highlights the 70-year-old american artist 's 50 years of work , said the experience creates an ` educational state ' for viewing the art . mr ringholt has already been the guide on nude gallery tours at the museum of contemporary art in sydney and mona in tas
the sale is a record amount for the bathing boxes in brighton since they were first constructed in 1862 . it came after five bidders battled it out at auction for the 2.4 m x 2.0 m size box . keeping the heritage listed façade , the building is now expected to be turned into a three-bedroom , four-storey house .
the policy was brought in after fugitive michael wheatley walked out of an open jail in may while on day release and went on to commit an armed robbery . the violent thug had previously been handed 13 life sentences at the old bailey in 2002 and earned his nickname by pistol-whipping his victims .
michael bloomberg , 73 , reportedly turned his sights across the atlantic , where he dreams of replacing incumbent boris johnson . according to britain 's sunday times , bloomberg is ` considering ' the move . in the past he has described london as his ` second home ' .
the sickly sweet dessert is on sale at the wicked waffle cafe in north end , portsmouth . it contains four 7-inch wide waffles , 12 huge scoops of thick ice-cream , four chocolate flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream . however , for customers who can manage to clear their plate within 45 minutes , with no toilet breaks , they are awarded the meal for free .
the nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the district of columbia . the vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles , construction zones , tunnels , aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions . the team collected nearly three terabytes of data -- about 30 percent of all of the printed material in the library of congress .
jason cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet . he also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on to her facebook page . he and the victim met up for three dates between january and september 2013 but had sex on just one occasion .
kathleen blomberg , a resident at the heavily damaged 125 second ave. , has been reunited with her two cats , kitty cordelia and sebastian . the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals found the traumatized animals under her bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out . two people died and 22 were injured in last week 's explosion .
warning : graphic content . disabled cat , called freeman , was sitting in its front garden in tarring , west sussex . two dogs pounced , dragging the terrified cat on to its neighbour 's lawn . police are now investigating after a person pulls up in a blue car and collects the hounds - leaving the cat to die in agony .
jury in decatur county , georgia ruled on thursday that the suv manufacturer , chrysler , acted with reckless disregard for human life . remington ` remi ' walden , four , was killed when the jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in march 2012 .
cheryl howe , 32 , from morecambe , was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome -lrb- pcos -rrb- at the age of 12 . she suffers from excessive hair growth on her face , breasts , stomach and legs . has been fighting for six years for treatment on the nhs , spending # 2,000 a year on razors , and shaving up to three times a day .
edward nudel , 41 , of staten island broke into his relative 's home on march 11 and strangled a 2-year-old pomeranian named lola ` in an especially depraved and sadistic manner ' . nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and , after strangling the dog , he called the relative and said ' i killed lola ' . police were called and arrived at nudel 's bay terrace home to find him sleeping in his bed with
dr joe hanson , a science writer and biologist based in austin , texas , pondered this very question and now has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements . by comparison , this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum . the full list of elements that dr hanson says would be found in a human molecule if such a thing existed - each set of letters represent a chemical element and the numbers are the
theresa may said police will have to record islamophobic attacks as a separate category , just as anti-semitic crimes are recorded separately . she made her pledge in a speech on counter-extremism to the foundation for peace in london . charities say there has been a steady rise of anti-muslim hate crimes since 9/11 .
police were forced separate reclaim australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies . crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes . it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam and anti-racism groups has mocked protests in melbourne .
catherine nevin was jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband shot dead . the 62-year-old was pictured leaving mountjoy prison as she made her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates . the course is part of her pre-release plan to integrate back into society once freed .
australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights . homecamp , which launched in january , has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation . one sydney host has been using the website to connect with potential guests and has already had four successful bookings .
the britain-wide tv audience was clearly impressed by nicola sturgeon . the mother of tennis star andy was widely criticised for voicing his support for scottish independence on the eve of last year 's independence referendum . but few north of the border were surprised by her performance .
kenneth lombardi , who goes by ken , was a red carpet regular for cbs new york , interviewing stars from oprah to ashton kutcher and arnold schwarzenegger . he claims he was forced to quit his job in november and relocate to los angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses .
melbourne singer daniel buccheri left guests at his brother 's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to use as his best man 's speech . the unique speech performed by daniel at poet 's lane in sherbrooke , east of melbourne , has been viewed over 100,000 times online . daniel , 25 , started off his speech in a mellow tone on the keyboard , singing of his love for his brother to the tune of stay with me , as
the southern poverty law center in february filed a lawsuit against georgia department of corrections officials on behalf of ashley diamond , a transgender woman . the lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for diamond 's gender dysphoria , a condition that causes a person to experience extreme distress because of a disconnect between the birth sex and gender identity . the justice department filed a brief in the case friday saying it 's not taking a position on the accuracy of her claims , but reminding
oliosi beheluli was a member of a gang responsible for selling ` significant quantities ' of class a drugs . the 24-year-old enjoyed living the ` high life ' and gambling with the money he made from the illegal operation , police said . officers seized more than # 4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided the gang 's ` stash house ' in brent , north west london .
ed miliband 's looks proved a hit with twitter users during last night 's debate . moments after labour leader finished speaking , fans took to twitter to coo adoringly about his ` sexy grey tie ' and his smouldering looks . one rather breathless tweet read : ` miliband is totally talking to me and no one else , you sexy beast . keep staring down the camera ed ! #leadersdebate ' .
lyndey milan has teamed up with aldi to create easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $ 6 each . the home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy , fresh produce to turn into an easter feast . the results include greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree , smashed potatoes and carrots .
carla zampatti 's ss15-16 collection made a splash at sydney 's opera house today to celebrate the designer 's 50th year in fashion . the stunning presentation kicked off proceedings for mercedes benz fashion week that officially begins this sunday , april 12 . stars including delta goodrem , shanina shaik , kerri-anne kennerley , and terry biviano were joined by fashion influencers kate waterhouse margaret z
australian choreographer wade robson , once michael jackson 's staunchest defender , now claims the singer was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child . safechuck , who says he met jackson in 1987 when he was eight and was molested a year later , claims jackson held a secret wedding ceremony with a young safechechuck as his bride . the jordan chandler lawsuit alone is alleged to have cost more than $ 40
the collection from baker 's cinovation studio is worth an estimated $ 746,100 and some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $ 40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time . the two face mask from batman forever is valued at $ 1,500 .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 6.5 at the nou camp on sunday . neymar scored twice as the catalans cruised past ligue 1 giants . rik sharma sorted the best from the rest during the clash . zlatan ibrahimovic dealt with the swede 's powerful drive well .
national union of teachers -lrb- nut -rrb- says schools should follow lead of countries like finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times . also likely to say lunch and break times are being used for ` coaching and cramming ' , depriving youngsters of their ` fundamental human right to play ' .
jayden wingler of phoenix , arizona , was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs . while on camera , the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions .
tyler kost , who appeared in court on monday , was arrested last may for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old . most of whom were former classmates at poston butte high school . kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation .
jamal al-labani was in yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple 's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter . he was trying to get his family out of the war-torn middle eastern nation and take them to oakland - but he could n't because the us has withdrawn its diplomatic staff .
today show hosts savannah guthrie and carson daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie grease . wearing a blonde wig and a pink jacket , carson took on the role of olivia newton-john 's character sandy , while savannah , in a leather jacket and sunglasses , was danny , originally played by john travolta . the duo went head to head with al roker , willie geist and natalie mor
authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the march 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile ` boiled to death ' at the garold wayne interactive zoological park in oklahoma . the fire was set in the early morning hours that march day and joe schreibvogel , the founder of the zoo , said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire , but also stole a large amount of equipment . in addition to destroying the two reptile enclosures
kfc has come under fire for hiring a food stylist in a bid to change its image . viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on twitter after last night 's episode of the billion dollar chicken shop on bbc one . the third programme focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind kfc 's rebranding exercise .
david cameron will say that high taxes and wasteful government spending are ` immoral ' as millions receive a tax cut . as 14million working households are given an average boost of # 200 a year to their incomes , the prime minister will set out the conservative case for people keeping more of their own money .
faris al-khori , 62 , was found with a hoard of explosive ingredients and bomb-making instructions at his home . the equipment was found purely by chance in april last year after a fire at a block of flats in the muirhouse area of edinburgh . firefighters were responding to a 999 call over a fire within a rubbish chute on the 11th floor , had forced entry to a flat registered to the 62-year-old . castor beans , which can be used
officials claim companies active there are acting ` illegally ' in argentine territory . comes after britain struck oil in falklands this week in remote field of islands . comes days after defence secretary michael fallon warned of ` very live threat ' from argentina . lord west of spithead , a former first sea lord , said find would lead to further claims by the argentinians over the long-disputed territory .
the highly usual situation was no coincidence , but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer lord & taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range . in order to ensure maximum exposure for their new design lab collection , the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress . the move proved an instant success as the $ 88 paisley asymmetrical dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range .
iain watters had to leave the show after he binned his baked alaska after the ice cream was left out of the freezer and it melted . but now he 's back with his modern take on traditional fruity easter fare - a simnel cake . topped with 12 balls of marzipan to celebrate the 12 apostles , the cake already has a distinctive appearance but iain has taken that even further by dying it green .
ile louët is perched in the midst of morlaix bay in brittany , france , and is the perfect retreat for explorers . groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of $ 200 -lrb- # 145 -rrb- . the quaint cottage is a comfortable stay and can be hired for the small sum of $ 145 for two nights .
latoya tilson , 33 , took out a .25 - caliber handgun and fired several times into the feuding crowd in college park , georgia , on saturday night after she was hit in the face by someone . but while one bullet struck a 17-year-old boy in the buttocks , another hit tilson 's son , pierre , in the head . when first responders arrived at the scene , the teenager was lying unconscious on the floor . he was not breathing and a
gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the two-story 1840s creole home from the central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot . the couple moved it to the freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating . the home is decorated with materials salvaged from other homes and salvage markets .
rutgers university has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus for the rest of the spring semester . the probation was decided last week but announced by the university monday . last month , a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in which a member of sigma phi epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house .
david beckham and holly willoughby voted the stars we 'd most like to have as our parents . katie hopkins was voted number one choice for dad . ed sheeran and channing tatum have been voted men we would most like as our brothers . white house down and jump street star chanel tatum is also a personality .
tower will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor border between poland and kaliningrad . increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between russia and the european union . russian president vladimir putin accused of singling out poland as an enemy in ongoing conflict in ukraine .
the strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer gordon ewen , and is a sun spot . they occur when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce , making a specific section of the sun stand out from its surroundings . each one can be more than ten times the size of our planet .
vietnamese labourer pham quang lanh , 28 , had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site . but the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection . fearing he could n't afford any further medical treatment , mr lanh hoped the resulting headaches would eventually subside .
kim ki-jong , 55 , was also indicted wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction , according to an official at the seoul central district prosecutors ' office . on monday , the recovering diplomat , mark lippert , was pictured out on the streets of seoul flanked by five bodyguards . his left hand is still in a cast from the attack .
vatican medics told francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week and take a daily walk , like his predecessor pope benedict xvi did . they are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old catholic leader -- who spends much of his time hard at work at his desk or in meetings .
hugh roche kelly , who was flying from berlin to paris yesterday morning , posted the account on his twitter profile . data from the second black box recorder on germanwings flight 4u9525 today confirmed co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately flew the airbus a320 into the side of a mountain into the french alps . nerves were calmed on mr kelly 's flight as he took the time to say a few words in three different languages .
bayern munich beat thiago alcantara 5-0 in the german cup semi-final . jerome boateng scored the second header of the evening to double bayern 's advantage . robert lewandowski made it a hat-trick of bayern headers on 27 minutes .
louis jordan , 37 , said he survived for more than two months on his stricken boat by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean . but doubters have questioned how jordan -- who declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder and who appears well-fed , with pale , unblemished skin . he left hours later after he refused treatment .
the four million square foot motiongate dubai theme park is set to attract over three million tourists annually . the final instalment , the hunger games : mockingjay , is debuting on nov 20 , 2015 , and the theme park attractions will be open for fans less than a year later .
molly wood , 74 , died after the burgundy kia venga had its engine running and ` lurched forward ' , trapping her under the wheels . the pensioner 's sister , 70 , was also injured in the incident outside the tesco store in pontefract , west yorkshire .
andy jordan , who was named one of london 's best-dressed men by american gq , is keen to make a name for himself as a fashion designer . following the lead of ollie proudlock and all of the show 's ladies , andy has launched his own line of surf-inspired city wear called jam industries .
andy murray attended barcelona 's champions league quarter-final second leg clash against psg . the 27-year-old watched lionel messi and co defeat psg with best man ross hutchins . murray is currently in barcelona as he trains on clay courts with jonas bjorkman .
the 57-year-old iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies , such as investing in education and protecting the environment . kroeger appeared on saturday night live from 1982 through 1985 , and is perhaps best known for portraying donny osmond in a sketch with julia louis-dreyfus .
rachel jaajaa , 22 , and 29-year-old aaron tate 's daughter was found on friday night at a mcdonald 's in elyria when a patron called 911 after seeing the baby was left alone . they were both arrested monday and charged with child endangering .
panasonic japan has developed a lighter , smaller and more powerful alternative that can blow out seven times more air than it sucks in . the sokaze-ki q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch -lrb- 25cm -rrb- device , move it through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan . alternatively , the q has a ' 1/f fluctuation ' function that reduces the force of the air
department of public safety trooper billy spears posed for photograph with snoop dogg at south by southwest in austin . spears , who is based out of the state 's gilmer office , posed for the photo at the rapper 's request . snoop has convictions for drug possession and stood trial for murder in 1993 before being acquitted .
jamie silvonek , 14 , and her boyfriend , 20-year-old army spc caleb barnes , have been charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . the girl 's attorney , john waldron , said he believes his client was under barnes ' control , given the age disparity . barnes was on leave from fort meade in maryland at the time of the slaying .
security officials said member of al-qaeda stormed a hadramawt provincial prison in southeast yemen and freed more than 300 inmates . batarfi is among al qaeda in the arabian peninsula 's top regional commanders , known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops .
jamie carragher believes chelsea captain john terry is the best defender to have played in the premier league . terry was the star performer as he led jose mourinho 's side to a 0-0 draw against arsenal on sunday . the 34-year-old has enjoyed another impressive season at stamford bridge .
stuart , 33 , claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust . but his ex-girlfriend sophie , who was outraged to find she also had the disease , said he offered up the novel excuse when accused of cheating after discovering she had mysteriously contracted chlamlamydia . ' i never said that ! ' he insisted .
neil bantleman , who also holds british nationality , was afforded one final kiss from his wife before being led away by police . sentence sparked outrage from his supporters , including the school itself and the international community . also standing trial for abusing the children is ferdinand tjiong , an indonesian teaching assistant at the school .
jayla currie from berne , indiana , is a part of the wee ones nursery program at the indiana women 's prison . the system was established in 2008 and allows mothers , like jayla , to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences . jayden 's case means a 10 month sentence for drug charges .
jasmine midgley was born with a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper . at just 10 weeks old , she was rushed back to hospital because the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat , almost closing over her airways and choking her . doctors diagnosed a rare infection of the upper airways that most often affects babies and young children . but when antibiotics failed to help
chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property ` revolution ' after years of declining home ownership . he pledged to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes . since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases and mr osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years .
knox said she would lobby on behalf of other innocent people who were jailed ` because i know how a wrongful conviction can destroy one 's life ' . the american , known as foxy knoxy , and former boyfriend raffaele sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of the 21-year-old exchange student . they were freed on appeal in 2011 and knox immediately returned to the us where she rebuilt her life finding love with ex school friend colin sutherland
two adjoining ` his and hers ' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned sandbanks peninsula for # 13million . standing just a few feet apart , the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way , boasting an indoor swimming pool , four storeys and stunning sea views .
eva pusztai-fahidi said seeing oskar groening in court is ' a kind of satisfaction ' . the 89-year-old says she could never have imagined she would be testifying before a german court and that ` for me it 's not about the punishment ' . groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder .
queretaro beat club america 4-0 in their liga mx clash . ronaldinho came on as the game approached full-time . tigres monterrey moved up to fourth in the clausura after a 3-0 home victory . orbelin pineda 's 56th-minute goal put the home side in front .
cara newton , 32 , was told she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally after being diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009 . she had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility . 10 months later they were astounded to discover mrs newton had become pregnant naturally with baby sebastian , who was born last april .
james weld stumped up # 15,000 to end three-year stand-off with natural england over who was responsible for coastal path down to beach . previous steps that lead down to popular tourist attraction were washed away in storms in 2012 . family have maintained the steps since they first bought land in the 1600s .
thousands of children who fail maths and english tests will be forced by tories to re-sit them to ensure they can read , write and add up . david cameron will today announce that all children who do not pass their tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school .
tripadvisor 's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations around the world . guests could buy 16 bottles of vodka in kiev , ukraine , for the same price as a club sandwich in zurich . in new york city , travellers can expect to pay up to # 276.61 for a four-star hotel stay and in-room dining .
martyn reuby won the first round in his legal battle against unite . the 59-year-old claims he was sacked by the union after complaining about being hired on a zero-hours contract , with no entitlement to sick pay or paid leave . the employment tribunal ruling is a major embarrassment to the union .
john mccallum , 27 , was this week sentenced for a charge of second-degree murder after he broadsided francesca weatherhead , 25 , while fleeing police . the crash at an intersection in redford , detroit , flipped mrs weatherhead 's vehicle and killed her on october 6 last year .
the sydney observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night . so much so , they 're plans to regularly update spectators with phase process images have been thwarted due to cloudy conditions . the next two eclipses are forecast to happen on april 4 and september 28 , 2015 . this is the shortest since 1917 , but other sources say it will be less than five minutes .
miliband 's coaching team will be patting themselves on the back and declaring a win following the debate . but his gesticulation and approach looked as manicured and choreographed as a torville and dean routine . unlike ed he appears fully formed rather than a body language work in progress but there were moments like when he pointed to each other in turn .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of garnett-paul spears . she loaded the hospitalized boy 's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging . spears ' lawyer requested the minimum 15 years to life .
ellen brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her suv on the tracks at a railroad crossing in the westchester county town of valhalla in february . the defense from the daughters comes nearly two months after their mother ellen brody . danielle , julia and alexa brody say that their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions about what happened .
hannah campbell , 30 , was struck down with a condition that caused her stomach to rupture , leaving her fighting for her life in intensive care . her relationship broke down with long-term partner and lexi-river 's father anthony mcmorrow , who proposed to her on valentine 's day last year . miss campbell suffered horrific injuries when a mortar bomb hit the building in basra she was guarding while serving with 19 tank transporter squadron .
actor aidan turner has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique to maximum effect . new images have emerged of the irish star , whose brooding good looks have seen him capture a million hearts , looking more unkempt in images shot to promote another bbc series being human .
nicola sturgeon hailed as shock winner of tv debate by one poll . average of four polls of viewers put mr cameron just ahead . also emerged with clear lead on who is seen ` most capable of leading country ' . comres put him on 40 per cent as the best prime minister , with miliband on 28 per cent .
robert dellinger , 54 , told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming suv . amanda murphy , 24 , and her fiance , 29-year-old jason timmons , were killed instantly in the crash on december 7 , 2013 .
general mess , dated carpets and kitchens , unfinished diy projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments . 33 per cent acknowledge they are ashamed of their whole house . more than half have n't let visitors in to certain rooms , and 36 per cent steer people away from coming to visit altogether .
josh mason , who is standing in lib dem-held redcar , said deputy pm was ` not the most popular ' but after lib dem hq heard about the remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing u-turn . mr clegg has seen a dramatic collapse in his popularity since the heyday of the 2010 election campaign .
the 28 minute movie in which a woman has sex with a man was filmed on board the epping ongar historic railway in south-west essex . locals were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to american adult film company brazzers . the storyline , which is apparently set in the 1940s , then moves to a wooden-panelled train carriage where the pair have sex on the seats .
the ` mediterranean-dash intervention for neurodegenerative delay ' -lrb- mind -rrb- diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad . these ` brain-healthy foods ' lowered the risk of alzheimer 's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly .
benjamin netanyahu said the deal will ` increase iran 's aggression and terror ' . but israel fears an iranian nuclear attack , issued a series of dire warnings . other critics including saudi arabia and republicans in the us say the deal leaves scope for iran to cheat .
the technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink , healthcare and the defence sector . unispectral technologies and tel aviv university , who are behind the system , say it works by analysing a materials ` hyperspectral signature ' . the optical element acts as a tunable filter and the software - an image fusion library - would support this new component .
prince harry will arrive in australia on the 6th april and will split his time between capital canberra , sydney , darwin and perth . he will be taken straight to the australian war memorial on arrival before heading to barracks to report for duty .
emma jackson , 28 , moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in hull just over a year ago . she thought she had found the perfect place to call home . but within a week of moving in , her dream home turned into a nightmare . mark ray , 56 , waged a year-long campaign of terror against ms jackson .
purvi patel , 33 , of granger , indiana has been jailed for 20 years . she took abortion drugs she bought on the internet to cause a miscarriage . after arriving at st joseph 's hospital , she denied that she had even been pregnant , even though medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her .
dunkin donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain 's biggest fans - and a series of serious warnings from health experts about the calorie-laden food options . some of which contain more than half of an adult 's recommended daily intake of salt .
lauren bacall , one of hollywood 's great golden age actresses , died of a stroke in august aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking new york 's central park . among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist john james audubon american white pelican , which fetched an impressive $ 173,000 , three times the estimated value . other items included indian miniatures , a japanese
jasper and jasmine will be ` married ' in a charity event in may . both dogs were surrendered to pug rescue and adoption victoria in 2013 . they were morbidly obese , struggling to breathe , and almost blind . after six months of rehabilitation , they were found a loving new home .
lorraine cobourn had to leave her job as a barclays bank clerk as a result of the incident that left her with a broken hip . she has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling to help her deal with the psychological damage she received . ms cobourn , of oakwood , derby , said : ` it sounds crazy i know , but i ca n't even touch bananas unless they 're wrapped in cellophane ' .
atletico madrid and atletico will be missing one player each in the second leg of their champions league quarter final next week . marcelo and mario suarez were both booked during the 0-0 draw at the vicente calderon and due to accumulation of yellow cards will not be present . suarez has blasted the performance of referee milorad mazic .
andy mcilvaine , 33 , was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from baltimore to maine in october to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend kelley mulfinger . touched by his story , they gave him a $ 100 voucher as a gift .
high school students in north east china 's jilin province are being forced to the sidewalk everyday to eat their lunch . teachers banning packed lunches and erecting barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling . students claim food cooked in the school canteen is simply too horrible to eat .
natalie bennett signed letter supporting mr miliband on thursday night . the 25-year-old has boasted on her blog about her exotic holidays . campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people ` from all walks of life ' .
the documents requested include details relating to a contract with paul ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003 . his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him . on friday , u.s. district judge vernon broderick told facebook inc. and owner mark zuckerberg they have until monday to relinquish the information .
kathryn beale is a national expert in the art of the strange foodstuff . she whizzes it into smoothies , or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits . between 4,000 and 5,000 women have used the service since it started in 2010 .
rotherham have been charged with fielding an ineligible player . farrend rawson played 90 minutes in millers ' 1-0 win and boss steve evans claimed after the game that the youth loan had been extended until the end of the season . rawson was not involved in rotherham 's 2-0 defeat at middlesbrough on saturday .
new jersey gov chris christie was n't looking too presidential tuesday night when he got into a heated debate with a veteran teacher . kathy mooney , a high school english teacher from roselle park , took the microphone . mooney questioned christie 's motivations behind a legal settlement with oil company exxonmobil which could have contributed drastically to the state 's pension plans .
former national security chief zhou yongkang embroiled in biggest corruption case since mao zedong 's widow went on trial for treason with the rest of the ` gang of four ' . zhou , 72 , is the highest-level official charged as part of president xi jinping 's anti-corruption campaign that began in late 2012 .
a 50-year-old driver will front court on tuesday faced with a string of charges . police allege he rammed his car into the home at delaneys creek , north-west of brisbane , about 7.30 pm on monday . five people , including a woman believed to be the man 's ex-partner , were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it . the driver has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder .
ahmed al-karim , head of the salahuddin provincial council , said the fighters had burnt ` hundreds of houses ' in the last two days . it comes as prime minister haider al-abadi ordered iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of tikrit , retaken from the islamic state group this week .
nsw police have been left stunned after coming across a car covered in chili peppers on the side of a busy road . the incident occurred on bridge st in hornsby on the upper north shore of sydney and is a regular occurrence . according to several commenters on the post , the heat is on , leading many to question what the car owner 's offence actually was .
more than 7million gardens in britain have been paved over . the rhs is calling on people to plant hedges , trees and flowers to turn the uk green again - as grassy well kept gardens boost mood . the society has issued advise for people to transform their gardens by planting a tree , hedge and a shrub .
kadeem brown , 25 , was knocked over by a passing taxi in the bronx . the conditions were so icy at the time he slid into the opposite curb . his green taxi struck and killed little tierre clark who was five . police say emilo garcia , 44 , suffered a seizure moments before the crash .
charles kane of spencerport , new york had communicated with the girl online after posting a craigslist ad seeking a daddy/daughter relationship . he was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer . kane sent numerous photos of himself while also requesting photos of the girl over the past few months .
jesse roepcke , 27 , from summerfield , was busted in ormond beach sunday on charges of pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia . while in jail , police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside . as he was strip-searched , a bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum .
angela collins and margaret hanson of port hope , ontario , decided to use xytex corp to start a family in 2006 , believing they had a strict vetting process . but they have accused the firm of false advertising . in june 2014 they discovered his name was james christian aggeles . he was charged with one count of burglary in 2005 and his case was discharged in may 2014 under terms of the first offender act .
mohammad liaqat launched into a ` racist tirade ' after mount carmel school headteacher xavier bowers banned muslim pupils from growing beards . the 34-year-old even assaulted the headmaster during the rampage in which he hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents . he was remanded into custody at burnley crown court and will be sentenced in june .
the icefin was deployed and retrieved -lrb- the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor . a first-of-its-kind robotic vehicle recently dove to depths never before visited under antarctica 's ross ice shelf . the technologies developed for icefin will also help in the search for life on other planets , namely europa , a moon of jupiter .
kayla mooney , who is in her first year of teaching science at danbury high school in danbury , connecticut , turned herself into police at 5pm on tuesday . her arrest came after the school 's administration contacted police in february with the allegations and the special victims unit launched a seven-week investigation .
gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened significantly during the past five years , official figures reveal . critics said employers were cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer by failing to train and promote them . last year , workers aged 18 to 24 received bumper 10.6 per cent pay rises , falling to 3.8 per cent for people aged 36 and to 49 .
foreign gps now account for almost one family doctor in five . in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds . senior doctors say the number will rise further over the next few years . royal college of gps estimates the nhs will need to hire at least 8,000 more doctors .
jan hansen 's 7ft tall easter egg made using 352lbs -lrb- 160kg -rrb- of chocolate . creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars . mr hansen hopes to raise # 1,000 from the sale of the egg for st barnabas hospice .
the so-called ` blood moon ' could be seen by billions of people across the western u.s. , canada and australia . the eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons , with the final one expected on september 28 . the next one will be visible from europe .
hiv specialists and network security experts at university college london made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads . they worked together to build a model for this ` hybrid spreading ' which accurately predicted patients ' progression from hiv to aids in a major clinical trial . they say early treatment is key to staving off aids .
tsa got to keep $ 675,000 in spare change left behind by travellers last year . funds collected by the tsa appear to be increasing every year . sum was $ 107,000 more than what passengers left behind in 2012 . agency is then free to spend anything they feel will improve security .
nrl head of football todd greenberg has vowed to issue canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans . greenberg said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found . bulldogs ceo raelene castle was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a water bottle thrown from the stands .
daniel demarco , of lodi , was arrested in an elmwood park car lot at 2.45 pm on friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine , a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia . he was charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and dwi .
concerns raised about labour 's policy under shadow education secretary tristram hunt . 80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children . but they say labour -- and some senior lib dems -- appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls .
colin mcinerney , 28 , claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man , two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on friday night . the man 's 22-year-old girlfriend , rachael sheppard , told the nt news he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in darwin . despite telling the family they thought they were someone different , the older man allegedly started bashing m
youtube user joe penna , who is based in los angeles , and animator jeff schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project . the animated video features a robot building a spaceship , heading off into the atmosphere and finding love . throughout the clip , a squeaky backing track plays that would not sound out of place in a game of pac-man is featured throughout the one minute and 25 second clip .
mike holpin says he wants more children because it is ` god 's will ' . three-times married man keeps track of names with family tree tattooed on his back . if they had completed just one year in care each , it would leave taxpayer with a bill for # 2.4 million .
` pro-anorexia ' sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over # 7,000 . deputies in the national assembly in paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber-stamped by the senate . around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in france , the vast majority women and teenage girls .
some young workers who earn up to $ 50 on public holidays will not be able to earn money this weekend . the campaign will allow small businesses to put up posters in their windows explaining why they are closed . acci chief executive kate carnell said businesses that remain open are expected to lose money .
pat ingles , 69 , remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting in a pinny and slippers . prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours . lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer after dutifully caring for him during the last nine years of his life .
toni elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee , on thursday . but when she spat out the mouthful she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand . forty-nine precious stones followed . instead of being horrified by the discovery , elliot reportedly remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards .
claire coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test . sets of two cream-to-powder formulation lip colours to be worn in tandem . mono eye shadow creates an iridescent shimmer and the lunar colour is perfect for a smokey eye while the high street giant also stocks a wide range of nail polish and lip colour .
more than 200 yazidi prisoners set free in northern iraq after nearly a year in islamic state captivity . they said they had been led to their execution , but instead were piled onto a minibus that drove them to peshmerga positions . the yazidis , made up of women , children and the elderly , are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect .
photographer scott gable , 39 , spent four months travelling across china , thailand , vietnam , laos and cambodia . the crop accounts for one fifth of all calories consumed by humans and 87 per cent of it is produced in asia . mr gable said he was determined to capture every stage of production with his rice project .
harold ekeh , 18 , moved from nigeria to long island 10 years ago with his parents and moved to the us when he was eight . he insists he had no idea he would be accepted by all 13 colleges . it comes a year after another high schooler from long island , kwasi enin , was met with the same news .
the tidwell middle school student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog on a writers website called wattpad in august last year that was called ` killing children ' . there were 11 chapters published online up until january this year featuring stories titled ` massacre ' , ` thrown under the bus ' and ` blood , blood , and more blood ' . some of the names of students at the school featured in the blog , with one section reading : ` he tries to hold in a scream , but
jamyra gallmon , 21 , of washington d.c. , was arrested on wednesday , according to police . she has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old david messerschmitt . police had released surveillance video of a ` person of interest ' who was seen entering the donovan hotel shortly after .
fitness guru ashy bines has addressed the revelations in a video posted on youtube . the 26-year-old has earned an enormous social media , with almost one million followers on social media . she has also revealed she has been bullied by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child . ms bines is from the gold coast in queensland .
private injury claims company collapsed after being fined # 80,000 . direct assist told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim , despite repeated requests for their details to be removed . information commissioner 's office and telephone preference service registered 801 concerns about the company between january 2013 and july last year .
the un 's international civil aviation safety organization -lrb- icao -rrb- reported that it found ` significant safety concerns ' with thai airways . china , south korea and japan have all banned new charter flights of thai carriers after an audit . the regulator claims to have made contact with the airline and the thai aviation safety regulator for ` further detailed information ' .
the boston runbase scheduled to open april 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world 's most prestigious road race , run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history . it will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the charles river , and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the convention center across the street .
donna hussey , 32 , has been branded a ` bad mum ' by trolls on facebook . her son freddie was killed when a portable cabin came loose from a passing land rover in bedminster , bristol . police investigators found the trailer had not been correctly attached to the land rover but driver tony davies avoided prison after admitting causing death by careless driving .
sites in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise muslims , an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit said . those involved in such activities ` take part in seemingly ordinary activities ' but ` have an ulterior motive ' , detective constable gareth jones said . incidents of islamic extremist activity in wales can be traced back to 1998 , when it is claimed hate preacher abu hamza sent a group
scientists have , up until now , held off from excavating the remains as they believed it would cause irreparable to the skeleton . earlier study of the head and part of a shoulder of suggested the skeleton belong to a neanderthal . it is believed that altamura man was left in such a peculiar spot after falling in a well and getting stuck .
orana wildlife park in new zealand 's christchurch has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat . 20 people , including visitors and zoo keepers , climb inside to have lunch with a lion with a pack of the hungry beasts clambering over the cage - clawing and licking at the mesh !
joseph getty , 26 , pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban as well as a fine of # 1,000 , which he paid immediately . his relative andrew getty was found dead at his hollywood home having suffered a ` traumatic injury to the rectal area ' .
john noble , 53 , said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free pass to the m resort 's buffet for harassing female employees in 2013 . included in the detailed package was a two hour dvd in which a clearly upset noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled ` the curse ' , wishing harm on the women he blames for having him banned from the casino .
ukip figures insist the party would carry on if nigel farage failed to become an mp . private poll paid for by a ukip donor but carried out by experts comres . diane james , an mep and party 's justice and home affairs spokesman , insisted the show would go on without him .
bryan santana of orlando , florida , has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate shelby fazio last october . prosecutors revealed today at the first day of his trial that he was ` delighting ' in the pain he allegedly caused the young woman . he is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing her dog .
the remarkable images were shot by photographer victor albert prout , who developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt . despite being more than 150 years old , most of the images capturing the iconic landmarks along the river thames are instantly recognisable today . prout travelled around the thames on his boat to capture images of the houses of parliament and windsor castle .
workers paid 62p an hour in mauritius to make ` feminist ' t-shirts . they were exposed by the mail on sunday for its low wages and prison-like accommodation . at the end of a three-day protest , bangladeshi migrant workers were surrounded by officers who charged at them , hitting out with batons , before dragging the screaming women away .
called ephedra foeminea , the plant waits for the full moon to ` bloom ' . it is the only plant species so far that 's known to behave in this way . when a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty orbs at night , the pollen it 's carrying is used to fertilise the seed .
university of sydney 's commercial arm , syd learning , is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for year 11 students at the elite school scot 's college . the program allows school students to gain entry to university without completing their final year certificate . minutes of a university academic board meeting show staff were worried over how the course was being advertised to year 11 .
peter thurston , 80 , takes his vessel , dubbed the ` catamavan ' , out on the river swale in kent regularly . he says his small yachts were too cramped for leisure cruising , and he could n't buy a bigger vessel so two years ago he built the boat to take his mind off his recent divorce .
uk met target to spend 0.7 per cent of national income on overseas aid . changes to brussels accounting rules could bump up the bill even more . spending on foreign aid is set to increase by an extra # 1billion over next two years . one aid expert said it could mean an increase of # 500million in the aid budget in 2016 and 2017 .
winchester council said its annual clean-up of roads had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic . but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation . former poet laureate sir andrew motion , now president of the campaign to protect rural england , accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
drug company novartis accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ` cheap , safe and effective ' treatment for sight loss . respected medical journal says avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration -lrb- amd -rrb- as the current treatment , lucentis . but the bmj says the drug company has consistently tried to ` undermine and divert attention ' from trials .
the south australian senator 's partner sophie allouache gave birth to baby hannah in adelaide on good friday . ms wong shared the news with her 100,000 twitter followers on tuesday morning . it is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter alexandra in 2011 .
scientists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained . the paradox posed a huge challenge for the field of physics because it meant that information inside a black hole could be permanently lost when the black hole disappeared . last year stephen hawking revised his theory by declaring black holes were in fact ` grey ' .
accidental fraud involved cars and vans being driven into side of bus . crashes took place between october 2010 and january 2012 . earned ringleader john smith , 45 , from connah 's quay , north wales , # 159,000 . in each case , the driver of the car would admit full liability , allowing all of the passengers from the bus to submit personal injury claims .
the 5,300-ton hms talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months . defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash -- including where or when it happened -- but they were adamant that talent struck ` floating ice ' rather than a russian sub .
the large hadron collider was restarted today after two years being upgraded . it is currently running at a low ` injection ' energy of 450 giga-electron volts -lrb- gev -rrb- . scientists hope it will unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe . it was shut down two years ago after confirming the discovery of the higgs boson .
the must-have wine cellar , hot-tub or # 1,700 italian coffee-maker -- the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas . celebrities with a home cinema include the sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch , retail tycoon sir philip green and chelsea fc owner roman abramovich .
john shipton 's uniquely designed two-bedroom home was first put on the market for at least $ 1.1 million on wednesday . it was last purchased by his partner catherine barber in 1989 for $ 130,000 . the two-bed property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant 's quarters to a victorian villa next door . it is a short walk to parks , cafes and public transport on king street in sydney 's trendy inner west
ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to australia to hire paramedics on # 4,500 ` golden hello ' payments . managers from the london ambulance service , the largest in the nhs , have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne .
etienne gould nunan was born at melbourne 's monash hospital in july last year with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed . his parents , carman gould and jonathan nunan , have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing . etienne began to experience his first milestones in life 10 days after his birth .
snp demanded the retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions of pounds . miss sturgeon said the rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners in scotland because they do n't live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country . it is currently # 113 .
detective patrick cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst . cherry appears on nbc 4 new york on friday night to say : ' i sincerely apologize . i let my emotions get the better of me and i was angry . there was no intention to berate or hurt deeply the driver ' .
benjamin netanyahu slammed the iran nuclear deal , claiming it threatens the jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger . one of netanyahu 's scathing comments was shared on his twitter page . it prompted netanyahu to urge more pressure to be placed on iran by western powers until a better deal is reached .
some 35,000 gathered on the white house south lawn monday morning for the 137th annual easter egg roll festivities . pop band fifth harmony and duo mkto brought music to the event , and mrs obama joined the so you think you can dance all stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine . this comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon during a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 .
ian walters , 51 , is accused of murdering his wife tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph . leicester crown court was told two dogs and suitcases were thrown out of the pick-up truck being driven by walters as it crashed into a line of trees near markfield , leicestershire . prosecutors allege walters deliberately steered his mitsubishi l200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce and made allegations of domestic abuse .
police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. wednesday on the bryan center plaza in durham , north carolina . the area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the center for sexual and gender diversity . duke 's vice president for student affairs said in an email to students that anyone found responsible for ` committing this act of intimidation ' would be held accountable .
a milk price war is set to break out following a landmark decision by the eu to scrap quotas restricting production . the quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty . the move is expected to drive a spike in production , particularly in countries like ireland , germany and the netherlands .
julian lines , 42 , was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the cairngorms , scotland , using just his hands and feet for support . while the ascent would leave most with their palms sweating , mr lines said ` life 's problems evaporate ' when he is climbing .
the 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco . this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8 million in gifts she received from her ex , embattled former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling . on thursday , stiviano and her new friend , whose idnetity is not yet known , enjoyed some food at il pastaio in beverly hills .
residents of celoron , new york , reacted with shock and horror when the ' i love lucy ' statue was unveiled in 2009 . sculptor dave poulin called it ` by far my most unsettling sculpture ' and pledged to make a new one . following a recent social media campaign to have the statue removed , he has admitted to being ` disappointed ' in his work .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula -lrb- aqap -rrb- before he was jailed by yemeni officials . two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .
the star is well-known for her saintly approach to food and exercise and it continues to pay off - at 42 she has the figure of a woman half her age . gwyneth is n't alone in this new attitude to life past the age of forty - a whole host of women are looking better in their fifth decade than ever .
the men 's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping russia . comes ahead of a giant military parade in red square on may 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of the second world war . the move comes as the russian military machine asserts itself in ukraine and on the borders of the baltic states .
boy scout pascal tessier , 18 , has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders . the boy scouts of america changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts , but not adults as leaders . advocates for letting gays participate in scouting hailed his hire .
the great wall of china was created in 500 bc to protect the country 's northern border against foreign invasion . most of us travel with barely any legroom with hundreds of strangers and possibly screaming babies . it is sad to say that flying on a private jet , and on a commercial flight are polar opposite travelling experiences .
scientists believe the super absorbent properties of tampons could be used to detect pipes that shunt sewage into streams instead of treatment plants . they found that the cotton products absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper , laundry detergents and shampoos , which glow under uv light . it 's estimated that around five per cent of homes in the uk have pipes that are misconnected , causing them to leak sewage .
the eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the u.s. bank in the city of santa cruz at around 3pm last friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money . his blonde wig , female clothing , glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with mrs doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name in which robin williams played a divorcee who dresses as an elderly female nanny to spend more time with his children .
high winds have meant travel chaos on the roads and skies for people in dubai , as flights bound for the city 's international airport have had to be diverted . police say a 24-year-old was airlifted to the hospital after being seriously injured in a traffic accident caused by the reduced visibility .
boris majnaric , 75 , of south jordan , built the 384-sq-ft , four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit . over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons , detailing excess droppings and noise and last tuesday the structure was finally demolished . the retired middle school french teacher was so fond of his flock he once delivered cpr to an ailing member , who was
malia obama , 16 , is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016 . she has n't even finished high school , but president obama said the thought of her heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis . the 11th grade student , who attends the private sidwell friends school in washington , d.c. , has already visited at uc berkeley , stanford , nyu , columbia , harvard
the cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the fab four 's 1967 album sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band . cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including bob dylan and marlon brando were on the cover picture .
madison small , from ashburn , virginia , left school early on monday and , after she woke up in the night with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital . by tuesday afternoon , her father , tim small , had contacted the broad run high school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . an autopsy has been ordered , but no cause has yet been given .
scientists at yale university in connecticut in the us have revealed how the treatment , called azdo5030 , restored memory in mice given alzheimer 's disease . the drug worked by blocking a process that breaks nerve connections in the brain used to store memory . researchers say the study has led to the launch of human trials to test the efficacy of the drug in the patients .
anthony stokes , 17 , died on tuesday after he crashed a stolen honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman 's home in roswell , georgia . his death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at children 's healthcare of atlanta . the boy , from decatur , suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough
lauren crawley , 54 , a housewife from kings langley , hertfordshire , was given a new platinum implant . facial palsy , or weakness of the facial muscles , can stop the patient 's eyelids closing properly . the implant makes it easier to blink again , as she tells thea jourdan .
shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a melbourne nightclub just before the easter long weekend . police have expressed their ` disgust ' over the incident while the 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries . the pair , aged 27 and 36 , sustained minor facial injuries when they left the club but did not require hospital treatment .
the area is famous for its rock formations , deep valleys and ancient subterranean hideouts , which have been carved from volcanic ash rock . the latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in cappadocia , consisting of 3.5 miles -lrb- 7km -rrb- of tunnels , secret churches , tombs and safe havens . it lies beneath the nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area , which was being excavated during a construction project carried out by
nathaly hernandez , two , has lived at the home of the innocents nursing facility in kentucky since she was three months old . footage shows her putting her heart and soul into the song - particularly as the rousing chorus builds . as she opens her mouth wide and scrunches up her face , nathaly determinedly raises her arms to indicate she 's singing at the top of the lungs . she also sways her head to the beat .
zoe dennise prince , 28 , was working at the gold coast amusement park until september last year , according to her personal injury claim . she was allegedly injured on may 20 , 2013 when she allegedly experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride . ms prince is claiming $ 23,050 in general damages and $ 193,375 for her predicted loss of income in the future .
suzanne adams ' son james robshaw was born with cerebral palsy after she hospital staff failed to carry out a caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour . high court ruled that united lincolnshire hospitals nhs trust must pay in excess of # 14.6 million for birth injuries . decision reflects the lifetime care that james needs .
make-up artist maria malone-guerbaa , 41 , from london , used nothing but paints to transform herself into a bunny . the mother-of-two used her own brushes and kryolan paint , special dense , long-lasting make-up used by stage actors .
shaun andrew mckerry , 31 , was arrested after he burst into shildon post office and stores in county durham wielding an axe and demanding cash . but he was foiled after shopkeeper sab dhillon heard mckarry 's demands and ran from the back of the shop and rugby tackled him to the floor . wife then appeared clutching her son 's baseball bat and managed to subdue him further . mr derry pleaded guilty at durham crown court via vide
gul ahmad saeed , 25 , is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee , her parents and seven of her siblings on sunday , police have said . their deaths came just months after he allegedly killed his own parents , brother and sister-in-law after they objected to the match .
gang of four were seen trying to hack into an atm outside a waitrose supermarket in kenilworth , warwickshire , before they fled police in the stolen car . when they were arrested at a flat in tamworth a list of atms was found . they were tracked to a block of flats in staffordshire . they spent eight minutes trying to access the vault - causing # 20,000 of damage - before speeding off in a stolen audi rs7 at 3.20 am
lisa williams , 49 , hit taxi driver david coleman three times with a hammer . she found him brawling with her brother in the street in chingford , london . the two families had been ` neighbours at war ' since the colemans moved in next door to the couple 's family on st catherine 's road , in 2007 . on the morning of the attack , the victim 's sibling jonathan had smeared mud all over the cole
valerie cadman-khan , 56 , from middlesbrough , appeared on this morning . she appeared visibly upset as she recalled events of 2008 to presenter ruth langsford when her daughter aimee , now 19 , was just 12 . but she said the worst part of the arrest was the aftermath in which her abilities as a mother were called into question .
charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died , an autopsy has found . he was found at the pi kappa alpha house in columbia , not far from campus , around 10:30 am on march 18 . an alleged ` kegger ' at the house for the annual irish holiday .
frida kahlo wrote passionate love letters to jose bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist diego rivera . their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to mexico following the trip and continued throughout their secret three-year romance . a collection of 25 of the unpublished letters will be auctioned off at doyle new york on april 15 .
michelle gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips , chains , swords and scantily clad women . some of the clips show women bound with leather straps , while others show girls drenched in fake blood . source told matthew drake , for the sunday mirror , that actors at auditions for one of ms gent 's films were told to ` prepare for anything ' .
scientists funded by cancer research uk studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men . dna revealed details of how cancer metastasises , or spreads , allowing them to build a ` family tree ' of how the disease changes over time . this should kill the new tumours and prevent more from forming .
punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016 . many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts drake and avicii . but others were quick to make fun of future festival goers , blaming ` shirtless f *** wits ' for ruining the festival and joking that ` gym memberships and ecstasy dealers ' would be hardest hit
scientists have used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old . the technique has allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have once looked . instead of being a simple white colour , they were infact covered in streaks of orange , purple , blue and even large pokadots .
two ryanair planes clipped wings at dublin airport this morning . passengers escaped injury when the planes collided as they taxied to a runway shortly before 8am . pilot announced over tannoy that there had been ` an incident ' with another plane and passengers would have to return to the terminal .
anthony corrales claims he was driving with his wife and daughter , 10 , last june when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes . he then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car 's license plate number , he was mowed down by the car , and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by fellow cops . corrallaes has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by a retired nypd officer who
ambra battilana , 22 , did not ` co-operate ' with authorities for four days after her initial report to police saying she was groped by weinstein during a ` business meeting ' at his office in manhattan . it has been claimed the delay was because the italian model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role . but once the ` pipe dream ' came to nothing , she decided to pursue the criminal case , sources told the new
labour leader 's secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ` relish the chance to show who i am ' . embarrassingly for the labour leader , the ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the salford itv studios where mr miliband clashed with david cameron , nick clegg and four other party leaders .
luo kun kun was expelled from his village when locals signed a petition to banish him to ` protect villagers ' health ' . but now a specialist school in linfen , a city in southern shanxi province , has stepped in to help . the red ribbon school is the only school in china equipped to look after and educate hiv-positive children .
amelia rose jones , 41 , died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital on the evening she was being babysat by her grandfather . mark jones is accused of killing the youngster at his daughter 's terraced home in pontnewydd , south east wales .
roy keane will stand trial over alleged road-rage incident with taxi driver . 43-year-old is accused of causing harassment , alarm or distress to taxi driver fateh kerar , 44 , near traffic lights in altrincham , cheshire . prosecution will call two witnesses - understood to be mr kerar and a taxi passenger - while the defence will call an additional witness .
woman 's body discovered at derby motor boat club in sawley , leicestershire . a 65-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death before being released on police bail . the area was cordoned off for forensic examination and detectives say the investigation is in its ` early stages ' .
the melbourne apartment , which is spread across the entire 100th floor of skyscraper australia 108 , is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country . the businessman who splashed out on the 750 square metre apartment plans to live in the luxury pad when it is completed . the new owner , whose identity was not disclosed , will have 360 degree views over melbourne 's cbd , their own private grand foyer and glass elevator .
sikander rafiq , 34 , and samara jabreen , 32 , lied to birmingham city council . couple claimed # 66,268 housing benefit , council tax benefit and income support . jabreen first lodged a genuine claim for income support in 2002 . but three years later jabreen claimed to be a private tenant . she also signed declarations saying neither she nor her children were related . couple were sentenced to 22 weeks , suspended for 18 months .
the $ 40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers . lawsuits have been brought against uber in san francisco and los angeles . this week in denver an uber driver tried and failed to break into a passenger 's home . in london , a woman was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her driver .
passengers will be able to post an update from 35,000 ft. the #skyhighselfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline 's dreamliner 787 routes . mood lighting to help with jetlag , windows that can be darkened with a touch of a button and full length windows in the toilets .
six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow its pilots to ` look through ' the air-frame , giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies . all of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed , altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet 's visor .
tracy morgan was seen in public looking greatly improved as he joined his fiancee megan wollover and their daughter maven on monday . it comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend james mcnair and injured three others . morgan 's attorney recently revealed morgan is still struggling to return ` to the way he was ' after this trauma .
allie davis , 21 , is so obsessed with beyonce that she made her boyfriend take a written exam on the famous singer in order to stay with her . she posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on twitter , revealing that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent .
pankaj saw fell three storeys from a macquarie park balcony to his death . emergency services were called to the unit block on cottonwood crescent . mr saw was in australia on a long-stay work visa and had been working on and off in sydney in recent years .
italian model ambra battilana , 22 , has claimed the hollywood producer asked her for a kiss and groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night . but while weinstein has spoken to police and denied the accusations , a recorded conversation between him and the woman shows he did not deny the incident . he voluntarily spoke with authorities and is cooperating with their investigation .
senator harry reid said he is ` over ' the fear that he may not again see out of his right eye following a new year 's day exercise accident . reid announced last month that he would retire . a march 31 breitbart news story regaled the layout of reid 's searchlight home and the master bathroom .
ruba khandaqji , 36 , was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence . the pharmacist told the dispatcher she was going to hire a hitman and ` kill whomever i can kill ' because she wanted to be deported to jordan .
` marine photic zone euxinia ' took place in one of the prehistoric oceans . this happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide . study authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels .
alexander bradley told bristol county superior court justice susan garsh he would be able to testify that hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player odin lloyd . during one sidebar he stared directly at the 25-year-old , who refused to make eye contact . bradez , 25 , is charged with killing lloyd , who was dating his fiancee 's sister .
professor ninian peckitt , 63 , claimed he had simply ` digitally manipulated ' the patient 's face as part of hospital treatment . witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him . the world-renowned surgeon has lectured on use of titanium implants to treat disfigured patients and has been published in academic texts .
researchers at joint base lewis-mcchord in tacoma , washington , concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment . the four-year study , the largest of its kind , was published wednesday in the journal of american medicine association psychiatry .
six-month-old kitten had fallen from a building in zetland , inner-east of sydney , last month and sustained serious injuries . it was taken in by a local vet animal hospital , who shared the story of aptly-named ` seven ' on social media . since then , the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for his hefty medical bills and surgeries .
the prelate was sacked from a religious order in taranto after one of his online lovers contacted the church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes . the priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played the disciple judas escariot , and had to atone for his betrayal of jesus .
the unidentified family - a 38-year-old father and their two sons - apparently died from gunshot wounds . tulsa police said ` physical evidence inside the house ' indicates the father killed his wife , sons and himself . officers found a handgun near the dead body of the father and are not seeking other suspects .
wayne kyle said he and wife deby were ` surviving ' now that they had time to process their son 's death . chris kyle and friend chad littlefield were shot dead at a texas gun range in 2013 by eddie routh after taking the troubled vet to the range to help him cope with his ptsd . in february , routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without parole .
katherine hadsell says she 's eager for police in norfolk to give ` more insight into what they 're actually doing ' to find anjelica hadsell . the longwood university student was home for spring break when she vanished . police just this past week focused their search on a pond near carrsville after getting a new tip that her cell phone may be below its surface .
mohamed hamdin , 24 , appeared at downing centre court for his indecent assault hearing on tuesday . police say hamdin touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately during the concert of u.s. rappers yg and ty dolla $ ign . the incident escalated when hamdin unzipped her jeans and started to take them off .
kong meng xiong , 21 , of st. paul , minnesota has been charged with kidnapping , third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment . the girl 's family reported the kidnapping on sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying xioniong whom she was dating , because of their age differences .
the inn is being built in the prince 's model village in dorset as a joint development between the duchy of cornwall and brewery hall & woodhouse . poundbury is prince charles ' personal 20-year social experiment which aims to design and build a perfect , utopian idyll .
the little owl was spotted tactfully creeping along a tree branch before tugging at one of his brother 's wing . the scene was photographed from just six metres away by 48-year-old dean mason who hid away in a camouflaged shelter . the birds are small owls , a species which typically measures 22cm tall .
australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the australian mainland while now it 's disappeared from around 80 per cent . kevin bradley , ceo of save the bilby fund , said the critters were of ` high significance to traditional land owners ' with record of bilby populations dating back '15 million years ' . the lesser bilby is already classed as ` endangered ' in queensland and ` vulnerable ' nationally .
former prime minister , then 84 , was president eisenhower 's guest of honour . party held on 20th anniversary of nazi invasion of poland , brought together great and good of allied wwii campaign . other guests include viscount charles portal , 1st baron arthur tedder and lieutenant general brian horrocks .
gary dahl , the creator of the wildly popular 1970s fad the pet rock , has died aged 78 in southern oregon . his rocks , which formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975 , came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for ` care and feeding ' . mr dahl later estimated he had sold 1.5 million of them at roughly $ 4 each by the time the fad fizzled only a few
michael olsen , 52 , from dartford , kent , was challenged by pcs mark bird and robert wilson after abandoning his car in the middle of the road . he initially ignored the officers who were pursuing him by car but when they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to pc wilson 's head . when pc bird lunged at olsen in a bid to save his colleague he realised he had been shot . they were able to restrain and arrest him , where
sean mccabe , 30 , was diagnosed with cancer in june 2013 , then aged 28 . he was given the all-clear in september but just two months later told cancer had returned aggressively and is now cancer-free . he booked st david 's church for his funeral , in january 2014 , in late 2014 . but in an extraordinary twist his cancer went into remission and he has now changed his reservation for his wedding to his fiancee lisa williams .
former redgum frontman john schumann has slammed protesters for using his song , i was only 19 , at a reclaim australia rally . the songwriter said the song was about compassion , tolerance and inclusiveness . but it has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies , which aimed to oppose ` sharia law , halal tax and islamisation ' .
lillian roldan says she dated cleveland kidnapper ariel castro from 2000 to 2003 , a three-year period during which castro kidnapped and imprisoned michelle knight and amanda berry in his ohio home . she says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner . however , she says he did keep his basement padlocked , which she found peculiar . when she asked about the need to lock the door , castro allegedly told rold
kim howe 's two adult stepchildren are said to be considering suing the former olympic athlete following her death . mrs howe was driving a white lexus , which jenner 's cadillac escalade rear-ended on a segment of the pacific coast highway in malibu , california , on february 7 .
nigerian rilwan oshodi , 31 , bought karen budow 's bank account details for just # 3,200 and spent her savings on cheeseburgers , bottles of champagne and top-of-the-range computers . he now claims he is so broke he ca n't even pay his lawyers - but a judge told him today that if he does not return his ill-gotten gains he will have to spend four more years in prison .
model , 27 , follows strict clean and lean diet . showcases her super toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for autograph at m&s . visit site topshop satin and lace balconette bra visit site . betsey johnson and kim kardashian also fans .
london-born artist , 22 , has dropped three stone by following dairy-free , low-carb and low sugar diet . he regularly posts pictures of himself to his instagram account . his new fashionista status has been crowned with sam being named vogue 's april ` today i 'm wearing ' star .
aleksandr glushko , 21 , of delta junction drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he 'd just crashed . but his bright idea turned sour when an alaskan railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site . he has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol .
gertrude weaver , who was already the oldest person in america , asked president obama to attend her birthday party on the fourth of july . the silver oaks health and rehabilitation center in camden , where weaver was a resident , confirmed her death and said they were ` devastated by her loss ' .
hunt lacasse , 19 , was apprehended by real state police in new hampshire after allegedly walking up to an ice cream stand in full uniform with a handgun on his belt . the young man , who posted numerous photos of himself dressed up as an officer on social media , was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police . it is not known whether lacasse identified himself as a police officer in any way other than his dress .
apryl foster was last seen on february 12 leaving a bar alone in ybor city after a night of partying . after a widespread search , the 33-year-old was found by divers in her submerged car in brandon , just a few blocks from her house . the medical examiner measured foster 's blood alcohol level at 0.18 , which is over twice the legal limit for driving . her death has been ruled an accidental drowning .
the top five is completed by hawaii and the district of columbia , where middle class citizens are paid an average higher than $ 67,500 . alaska is second with $ 72,237 , followed by new jersey with $ 70,165 . in california , 11th on the table , the average middle class income is $ 57,369 .
iain mackay , 40 , is believed to have argued with his thai girlfriend moments before his death . the incidents happened in hua hin , a coastal town and beach resort 120 miles south-west of bangkok . onlookers called paramedics after he was found bleeding profusely at the shop but they were unable to save him .
supermarket beat major hotel , restaurant and pub chains to win title . it was picked out by judges of the menu innovation and development awards . morrisons was named best in the breakfast category , beating wetherspoons and bella italia . the year before macdonald hotels won the accolade .
survey of 4,000 british adults found 7 % have a drinking problem . one in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a problem . risky effects of drinking include driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was intoxicated , survey found . news comes after shocking report published this week found binge drinking costs uk economy # 4.9 bn every year in terms of treating drunks in a&e , road crashes , police arrests and court cases .
ellen weirich created ` le femme ' finishing school where she helps transgender females become more feminine . the finishing school aims to help both cross-dressers and those transitioning to adopt the airs and graces of a woman . other services include a complete male-to-female makeover - and the ladies often go out and about as a group to put their new look and skills to the test .
russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she ca n't keep up with orders . indeed , on her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $ 399 fluffy owl named leo . a product description states that the 5.5 in bird was crafted from mink fur and his joints are ` movable ' .
eight of those whose sentences were commuted - an act the white house said continues obama 's push to make the justice system fairer . the effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing . the 22 individuals , whose punishments will expire on july 28 , were sentenced between 1992 and 2006 .
victor sena blood-dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private facebook message . the woman 's lawyer says the ruling was made by manhattan supreme court justice matthew cooper . baidoo , 26 , has been ` granted permission to serve the defendant with the summons using a private message through facebook ' .
darwin man is accused of using someone else 's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse for six weeks . he was charged on saturday with one count of fraud after cairns detectives made contact with him in the northern territory . they hope to identify which patients the man interacted with and what drugs may have been administered .
nicholas james langan , 24 , from townsville , was arrested about 1.00 am on january 27 at a beach in canggu , north of kuta . police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams . also arrested was hanung pekik hermantoro , 25 , a driver for the green room villas where the queensland painter was staying .
lance lara , 10 , from fort worth in texas , has proved so successful that he was crowned world champion in his age group last year . but each time he gets on a bullock , a castrated male , he risks life and limb , and has already been trampled on several times .
jane bacon , 51 , from east grinstead , booked ` final trip ' to sharm el sheikh . she was told she could die within months from breast cancer . but she bought # 1,000-trip before doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy and contacted the budget airline to delay her trip after discovering she needed the treatment .
airport has never lost a piece of luggage since opening its doors in 1994 . staff places suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards . of the top 10 airports worldwide for baggage handling , seven of the ten are located in asia . uk-based airline and airport consultancy recently analysed data from hundreds of airports around the world for its world airport awards 2015 .
labour leader admits he is a geek who spent his childhood obsessing over computer games . he was asked about jeremy paxman 's description of him as a ` north london geek ' during his television grilling last week . mr miliband said he struggles with hand-eye coordination but when he was 12-years-old drove his parents ` slightly mad ' playing manic miner .
the california giant 's patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot 's owner , ' a deceased loved one , ' or ' a celebrity ' . above it atlas , which according to google-owned boston dynamics , is a ` high mobility , humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor , rough terrain . friends will even be able to clone their robots and swap aspects of its personality .
the new jersey native bought the soho pad in 2007 for $ 24million , so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit . the duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms , five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens . there are three large , landscaped terraces that total almost 3,100 square feet .
the 44-year-old , who is known for her wicked sense of humor , gets serious for levo league 's ask4more campaign , which calls for women to request the salaries they deserve in honor of equal pay day on april 14 . on average , women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men , and in the clip , the actress recalls a time when she was faced with an even worse pay margin because of her gender .
the nine-and-a-half minute broadcast is hosted by a man with an american accent , who takes the listener through the main events of the day . it also boasts of isis fighters ` roasting the flesh ' of their opponents , car bombs killing people and destroying an ` idol ' .
the bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate . in january and february 2014 residents on the levels were forced to abandon their homes after record rainfall saw rivers burst their banks . but environment agency says it has a legal duty under eu-backed regulations to protect the water voles as an endangered species .
nelson williams sr. of kankakee , illinois , says he is worried that 23-year-old kamron taylor , the man convicted of his son 's murder , might attack him . ` as i go home every night , i figure he might ambush me like he did my son , ' he told wls-tv on thursday . in a courthouse outburst in february , taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict . taylor
karen davis , from port pirie in south australia , notoriously flashed her k-cup breasts on google street view and was reported by police with disorderly behaviour . she handed herself into police voluntarily . police released a statement alleging the 38-year-old mother ` pursued ' the google car to make sure she was captured exposing herself .
on saturday , rosetta swooped to within just 8.6 miles -lrb- 14 km -rrb- of the comet 's surface . its camera was able to capture a four image montage scale at this distance is 1.7 m/pixel . in the same frame , details in the cliffs of hathor can be seen , leading up to the ` head ' of the small lobe .
lord prescott suggested signatories were ` tax dodgers , tory donors and non doms ' . business spokesman chuka umunna said it would be ` untenable ' for mr walsh to ` claim to be independent in the light of this ' . 103 corporate leaders yesterday declared government ` has been good for business ' .
the festival , which marks the trial , crucifixion and resurrection of jesus culminating in easter sunday . thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation . in northern philippines , bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips in a divisive tradition thought to stem from 13th century roman catholics .
albert webb , 51 , and sons jimmy chuter , 26 , and jesse webb followed people aged up to 97 home from the post office after they had collected their pensions . if the victim had no money on them , they would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw it , or the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them . most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s , while the eldest was a 97-year
benjamin astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing 1lb 3oz , little more than a bag of sugar . he suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations . his parents were told on many occasions he was too weak to live . but benjamin battled on and has defied medics to approach his first birthday .
five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent tanzania origin chocolate . has two solitaire diamonds for eyes -lrb- which account for over $ 48,000 of the price tag -rrb- . created by former chef décor of harrods martin chiffers .
tyecka shanta evans , 28 , has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter , taliya richardson . evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up in the living room to find that her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor and had a plastic shopping bag over her head . but evans later changed her story and admitted that she had left her two children , ages 9 and three months , and her nephew
pola pospieszalska , anneka svenska and victoria eisermann are devoted to saving the mistreated dogs - and finding them loving homes . charities estimate there are between 500,000 and one million free-roaming dogs on romania 's streets .
brian lufty , 52 , one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van , made the 34-hour round trip for his third time to visit the harland sanders cafe and museum in corbin . the group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two canadian provinces including quebec and ontario .
allie dodds , 24 , regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her mealspiration blog before she started her business , sweets and sweat . her gourmet recipes caught the eye of ms bines , a gold coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer . she did not respond to daily mail australia 's questions after a blogger came forward suggesting she had also been plagiarised from on tuesday .
governor jerry brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on wednesday . the crackdown comes as california and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight . wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall .
joey essex joined nigel farage on a boat trip in grimsby this morning . he told reporters the ukip leader is a ` really , really reem guy ' . mr farage said : ' i think that 's good ... i 'm not sure ' .
scientists in massachusetts say a person 's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills . for the body to begin moving , the brain 's primary motor cortex sends signals through several other brain regions , including the supplementary motor area , cerebellum , and basal ganglia . these brain areas activate spinal neurons that stimulate muscles to execute the movement .
the 45-year-old politician said he met with doctors who told him chemotherapy and radiation have shrunk the tumor to a size where they can operate . he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days , he said . the success came after he acknowledged in 2013 that he had smoked crack cocaine in one of his ` drunken stupors ' - but refused to resign and instead completed a stint at rehab .
the british brand has called on international style icon olivia palermo to design a tote . marylebone tote has been on our sartorial radar for a while . all of the profits of the sale of this handbag go to a charity that works to develop cooperation projects and social responsibility initiative .
cassandra fortin , 17 , has been at children 's medical center in hartford since december receiving chemo to which she was originally opposed . the state agency last fall won temporary custody of cassandra after she and her mother argued she did not want chemo treatments despite the risk of dying without them . the judge ruled on wednesday she must remain in dcf custody until completing court-ordered chemotherapy for hodgkin 's lymphoma .
china 's pollution hit cities are now having to cope with a fresh nuisance after the fourth massive sandstorm struck this year alone . images show the city of golmud , in the country 's north west qinghai province , as it succumbs to a sweeping half-hour sandstorm .
sherrell dillion from benefits street has been given a place in the top model of colour competition , however , her good news is marred by the fact she is currently homeless . she says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home in eva road , which is adjacent to where the show was filmed in james turner street , winson green .
soldiers from more than half the countries in the world have joined militant groups such as al qaeda and islamic state . worryingly , the report warned if is was defeated in the war-torn region then the barbarous foreign fighters could be scattered across the world . number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and march 2015 after is gained significant territory .
marc wabafiyebazu , 15 , has been arrested for felony murder and his brother jean , 17 , was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of miami drug dealers . their mother is roxanne dubé , who was only recently appointed to the role of consul general in miami .
ava ciach suffered from sagittal synostosis - meaning the two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely - restricting the growth of her brain . a ct scan proved ava had the condition -- usually discovered when a child is between 10 months and two years old - meaning she had to undergo a raft of medical examinations .
the sequel to the girl with the dragon tattoo series has been shrouded in such secrecy it is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid any leaks . the girl in the spider 's web , published worldwide on august 27 , will be the fourth installment in the best-selling millennium crime trilogy by swedish author stieg larsson .
archivists at confectionery giant nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s . the images are bound to jog a few childhood memories of the vast array of easter eggs that the famed sweet makers have produced in the past . this advertises yorkie easter in 1980 because these were accepted symbols of the celebrations .
ethel rider , 87 , suffered a broken pelvis and was left ` cowering ' in pain . but even though the grandmother was in agony , her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed . it was only 24 hours later that a nurse realised she was in agonising pain and called an ambulance . both were beginning six-month prison sentences after a judge branded them ` idle ' , saying they had cut corners to give themselves longer breaks .
passenger known only as ` bethanie ' writes : ` you 're the reason i can smile tonight ' . photo currently has over 3,700 shares and has been favourited almost 3,000 times . pilot jai dillon did take to twitter to say he was not able to reveal airline or flight number due to security reasons .
richard stevenson , 32 , had mascot ollie snatched from lounge area . he thought the # 7.99 ornament had been lost forever until he received letter . those responsible for theft even created a facebook page to keep fans updated . incredibly , wooden statue has already jetted off to belfast , benidorm .
buckingwheat hull pillow , # 22.99 , livingiseasy.co.uk . billed as the ultimate eco-pillow , it 's filled with the tiny husks which protect the kernel of the buckwheat grain . it also soothes stiff muscles -- as the chill will reduce inflammation and help numb any pain .
tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at rhossili in south wales . voted uk 's number one beach , third best in europe , and 9th best in the world by tripadvisor . national trust manager paul boland defended spending the hefty sum to buy the car park from private landowners .
father damian maria montes , 29 , from madrid , was appearing on the spanish version of the voice when he belted out the robbie williams classic . as he launched himself into the chorus , the audience whooped with delight as the judges sat wide-eyed in amazement .
the mineral veins were found at a site called ` garden city ' on the slopes of mount sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm -lrb- 2.5 inches -rrb- . scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in mars ' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock .
mark dawe , head of the ocr exam board , said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests . compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam . said most pupils now learn through search engines anyway -- and teachers should test how students interpret answers .
a reading university researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields . the expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population . for instance , heaths and meadows near milton keynes now boast more species of bee than sites in more rural areas . the research is the first clear example of the potential for climate change to disrupt such critical relationships between species .
promising tamang has turned herself into maleficent , angelina jolie 's character from the upcoming movie of the same name . the mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve the unnaturally sharp cheekbones , promise 's bone structure is a result of clever contouring .
alison hargreaves , 32 , was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the himalayan mountain in 1995 . her son tom ballard , 26 , plans to climb k2 , the second highest mountain in the world , 20 years after his mother died attempting the same feat .
vijay chokal-ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance . on his blog , almost black , he said that none of his family approves of his book , in which he 'll controversially claimed he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s .
nine-year-old lotatoa ` lota ' ward had already run 33 miles just weeks before undergoing his fourth round of surgery on a malignant brain tumor . even before he was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor - known as a mature teratoma - back in october 2014 , the young man was already running half marathons for charity . in fact , both he and his doctor say it has actually helped him through his treatments .
carmen and mike gorgan accused of paying roma gang # 6,500 and a bmw . six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents described as ' a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births ' . they deny the charges against them , saying the babies were ' a gift ' .
justus howell , 17 , died when police in zion , illinois , fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder on saturday afternoon . the high school senior , who had moved to the area from wisconsin in february , was pronounced dead at the scene . the zion police chief did n't return calls monday seeking comment about the autopsy results .
prince harry will arrive in australia next monday ahead of his four-week stint with the australian defence force . he will serve alongside some of the country 's elite soldiers in darwin , perth and sydney . captain wales , as he is known in the british army , will fall in with troops at the perth sas base and take on training exercises . if he passes military testing , it is possible he 'll fly helicopters while
journalist robin rinaldi believed she had accidentally succeeded in conceiving a longed - for child . her husband scott was n't taking any more chances : he got a vasectomy . she 's now written a graphic , tell-all memoir about that year and its very messy fallout .
the emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of ferguson , missouri were released on thursday . one was previously released in which disgraced police officer richard henke says of president barack obama ; ` what black man holds a steady job for four years ' . in the other emails president obama is labelled a monkey , welfare recipients are described as ` lazy ' and unable to speak english before being compared to dogs and black individuals .
kim sears showcased a golden glow watching andy murray play against south african kevin anderson in their fourth round match . the 27-year-old artist donned a chic off-the-shoulder black dress and toted a statement red handbag . kim will marry her long-term partner later this month .
scientists in america found that more than 50 per cent of pensioners with investments during the 2007 and 2008 global financial crisis panicked and sold them after the stock market fell by 30 per cent . if they had resisted the temptation to sell , the same pot would be worth # 141,000 today provided they had not spent any of the cash .
analysts said a badly hung parliament would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent . sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the us dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election . liberal democrat analysis released as party leaders prepare for tonight 's seven-way tv debate .
alan spencer , 67 , was tucking into his dinner when the pickled onion blocked his windpipe . he frantically tried to clear his throat , and after three minutes made his way to the door in a bid to get help from a passer-by . but he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life ` slipping away ' as he began to black out in front of his labradors lexi and nancy .
father of one of three arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state fighters in syria works for ministry of defence . he could have had access to names and address of all military personnel at home and overseas . it is not clear where or at what level at the mod he worked , but it has post offices at raf northolt .
typhoon maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon , causing troops in the philippines to be put on alert today . residents and toursists along the eastern coast have been warned that it will hit land some time in the next 72 hours . as it moved over the pacific ocean , the storm generated winds of more than 140mph -lrb- 225km/h -rrb- . it is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of
charlotte roach , 26 , from london , nearly died in a horror crash in 2010 . business partner rosemary pringle , 28 , gave up ordinary clothes for lent . the pair vowed to sport only fancy dress costumes for 40 days . charlotte , co-founder of fitness company rabble , owes charity her life .
lishan wang was charged with murder in the shooting of yale university doctor vajinder toor outside his home in april 2010 . he was originally ruled incompetent in 2010 , but he was restored to competency after being treated at connecticut valley hospital . a new evaluation was ruled after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate wang 's self-representation . the ruling came after two mental health experts testified that wang is unable to rationally understand criminal
kristen bieniewicz of westland has filed a $ 51 million lawsuit against bassel saad who is in prison for throwing a punch that killed her husband during a game last summer . saad , 37 , was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter .
new york-based writer danielle page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice . the drivers , many of whom are married themselves , revealed their personal tips , life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love . a 60-year-old named michael revealed that his trick to marital bliss is putting his wife 's happiness above his own -- but insists that what really makes a relationship work is finding a partner who will
the egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon , or booster , to help messages move around these so-called wireless mesh networks more easily . firechat launched last year and has been downloaded more than five million times . it takes advantage of a feature that launched in apple 's ios 7 called multipeer connectivity framework -lrb- mcf -rrb- . mcf lets you send messages and photos even when a person has no signal by creating what is called a wireless mesh network .
shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when it grazed a car near turkman gate in daryaganj . two children , 13 and nine years old , stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death over a traffic quarrel . no one came to their father 's rescue , the hapless children ran to the cops , who asked them to call 100 . by the time the police reached the spot , their father was lying in
italian photographer giovanna griffo , 42 , led a group of students to vik and hella in the south of iceland . they were fortunate enough to be blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle . she has a particular affinity with the night sky - and not just the spectacular aurora borealis but locations in her own country too .
corporal mark donaldson vc is one of australia 's most highly decorated soldiers . he was awarded the vc for his actions in september 2008 , despite being advised not to go and help , while under heavy machine gun fire for a large group of insurgents . he is headed for his final tour of duty in the elite sas headquarters in perth , wa , where harry is headed next for the final chapter of his military career .
former cia officer sandra grimes , 69 , is one of many former and current women at the agency speaking out about depictions of female spies on tv and in movies . the group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown ptsd with booze and pills .
peter tarsey and his wife , jean , both 77 , were found covered in a green raincoat , each killed with a single bullet in a double murder of ` terrible cruelty ' . the expat , who had been friends with the couple for 25 years , said she was concerned at not being able to reach the couple on the phone .
the rv flip does not have its own engine and has to be towed to the location of scientific study , where it turns 90 degrees . the reason behind the flip is that with 300 feet below the surface , the vessel becomes incredibly stable . instead of bobbing up and down on the waves like a traditional boat , it keeps its position .
the app was designed by researchers at boston-based mit . each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers , and each call is placed with the phone 's gps location , user details and any pre-entered medical information attached . if the user does n't have signal on their network , the app lets them ` roam ' onto another network to connect the call . this is a feature built into most phones already .
seth casteel has found a remarkable new way to capture images of toddlers at their most playful and pure as they dive down into the deep during their first swimming lesson . the pictures for his new book , underwater babies , reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world , chubby-cheeked , curious , mischievous , and playful .
darcy atkinson was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant ritalin in his system when he died on december 7 , 2012 . the toddler had been in the care of his mother 's boyfriend adam taylor when he was rushed to gosford hospital by paramedics . at the second day of a coronial inquest into the toddler 's death , intensive care unit clinical consultant dr barry wilkins said it was not possible the head injuries the darcy suffered came from
police in san francisco have discovered the mummified body of an elderly woman in a house said to be owned by a hoarder . the property is said to have been crawling with rats , black widow spiders , dog feces and 300 bottles of urine . anna ragin lived with her 65-year-old daughter carolyn .
the county parks department set the fire on tuesday to clear the area of highly flammable cattails . at its height , 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were forced to evacuate several rural houses . by late tuesday evening , the residents were permitted to return home after fire fighters contained the blaze .
caleb benn , a californian high school student , has developed a $ 4.99 -lrb- # 3.24 -rrb- app for ios devices using instagram 's application program interface . it allows users to upload photos to instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone . now , the 17 year-old could face a battle with instagram over hackings .
mike holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his council house , each connected to his three # 450 ps4 consoles all funded by his state handouts . his 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than # 4million in benefits and care costs , with at least 16 taken off him and their mothers by social services .
italian fashion , from the postwar years to the present day , captures the evolution of mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images . co-author enrico quinto , 51 , and paolo tinarelli , 49 , established the first flea market in rome and were the first to introduce the concept of vintage in italy .
michael brelo goes on trial on monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell , 43 , and malissa williams , 30 . he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night . prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting .
nigel farage admits ukip has ` slipped back a bit ' in the polls . but he expects to recover momentum in the run-up to next month 's election . party support slump from 16.75 per cent in november to just 12.25 per cent today . farage is facing a fight to win his own election after falling behind tories .
victoria police arrested 35-year-old abijath desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at riverside quay . mr desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery , false imprisonment and assault with a weapon . the man , of no fixed address , was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates ' court tomorrow morning .
the facebook page of the so-called disciples of the new dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share , and comment on , the group 's anti-cesarean memes . the community , led by father patrick embry , is using the images to encourage fellow christians to shame ` lazy ' and ` negligent ' mothers who have elected to undergo c-sections . ` please show respect to superior women who actually had what it took to get the job done , ' reads one
alexis tsipras met vladimir putin in moscow yesterday . pair agreed package of investment in energy and other projects . but pm insisted he had not asked for -- or received -- financial aid . he said greece is a ` sovereign nation ' and ` not a debt colony ' .
jamie , known only as jamie and dawn , appeared on jeremy kyle show . he refused to take one of the show 's famous lie detector tests . but after dawn 's dramatic walkout , mr kyle said : ` i 'm out of here ! ' .
comments have angered relatives of mrs mcconville , whose abduction , disappearance and subsequent murder became one of the most shocking events of the troubles . she was taken by a masked gang from her home in belfast in front of her children . her remains were eventually discovered by a dog walker buried in a dune on shelling hill beach in county louth in 2003 , ending decades of torment for her relatives .
the ring , located 12 billion light years away , is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies . it is being lensed by a massive foreground galaxy that is a comparatively nearby 4 billion light-years away , seen at a time when the universe was only 15 percent of its current age .
unnamed worker from alberta , canada , came armed with a scathing note from his gp , giving the firm a ticking off for its office policy ` wasting his time ' . a friend of the employee posted the letter on reddit under the title , ` my friends work requires a doctors note if you call in sick ' .
billy-anne huxham , 18 , was forced into a car outside a caboolture home , north of brisbane just after 6am on tuesday . neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before she was abducted by a man who reportedly attacked her with a machete . detectives are desperately searching for the teen and carl garry chapman , 32 , who is believed to be the victim 's former boyfriend .
nicola sturgeon says she is prepared to work with labour to put miliband in number 10 , even if david cameron 's conservatives win more seats . snp is projected to win more than 40 seats in scotland at the election , potentially leaving them holding the balance of power if labour and the tories fall short .
goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length in the waterways of western australia . the native fish in the region , such as this balston 's pygmy perch which has been attacked , are only up 10cm in length . aside from feasting on local fish and taking their homes , introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them .
scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago . much of it , they say , involved cavemen grunting , or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing , before learning to speak in a detailed way . but in a new study , one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own .
animal liberation victoria activists broke into wagner 's poultry farm in coldstream in march . the 6000-bird farm sells caged , free-range chicken and duck eggs . some of the hens were found living in terrible conditions . two weeks earlier government health officials inspected the farm , but gave it the all clear .
kevin blandford 's holiday snaps have gone viral on the internet . each photo shows him pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife . the 33-year-old , from kentucky , won the caribbean getaway through his workplace , but his wife was n't able to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter .
a university of nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video . limited periods of stress are good , as they release the hormone cortisol . this is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations . but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile . the science of stress was explained in the video by dr raychelle burks .
london mayor launches tory campaign in london with speech in mill hill . claims labour leader is ` hostile ' to people who want to own their own home . also claims ukip wanted to turn clock back to 1950s while greens want a return to ` somewhere around the bronze age ' .
seven out of 10 business chiefs think ed miliband would be a ` catastrophe ' . comes days after more than 100 company bosses signed a letter warning against a labour government . echoes controversial remarks by boots chief executive stefano pessina . mr miliband last week vowed to ban 90 per cent of zero-hours contracts .
young adults tell it like is on twitter under the hashtag #realisticya . teenagers have taken to the social media site to hilariously voice their frustrations between the fantastical lives in the pages of books and in films . many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels , but the twitter users describe their own realistic reactions .
prime minister appeals for ukip voters to ` come back home ' to the conservatives . warns it is ` not the time to send a message or make a protest ' . latest polls have put the conservatives and labour virtually neck and neck . poll in tory-held south thanet where mr farage is running for parliament .
robert dellinger , 54 , was sentenced on thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the december 2013 deaths of amanda murphy , 24 , and her fiance , 29-year-old jason timmons . prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple 's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself . during the second day of the sentence hearing , he was given credit
kyle kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown , maryland after telling a customer 's husband he needed to ` get her in check before there 's a big f *** ing problem ' . in a scathing review she had written on the company 's facebook page after her tenth unsuccessful trip to maaco .
angela postle , from maroochydore in southeast queensland , stumbled upon the phenomenon last month after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket . the mother-of-five sent the fruit of to queensland environmental health branch for testing , but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail . ms postle resolved to send them to the health authorities in a bid to find out what had happened .
kira hollis weighed just 6st at the time doctors diagnosed her with borderline personality disorder three years ago after a lengthy battle with depression and body dysmorphia . she was ordered by doctors to go to the gym to gain some weight . now a healthy 9.5 st , she says bodybuilding changed her life and gave her the confidence to overcome her depression .
thousands of items from the entertainer 's estate will go under the hammer in an auction at the hard rock cafe in new york . memorabilia on sale includes a pair of record awards certified by the recording industry association of america - one gold and one platinum for the album ` then and now ... the best of the monkees ' .
steve tempest-mitchell , 56 , from bradford , west yorkshire , lost a whopping 16st after undergoing gastric bypass surgery 14 months ago . the father-of-three said he decided to go through with the operation after hitting 32st and struggling to control his type 2 diabetes .
the first phase of disney 's polynesian villas & bungalows has just been unveiled . nestled on the shores of the seven seas lagoon , the resort is a quick monorail ride away from the theme park . each bungalow reportedly sleeps up to eight people and offers a view of both the magic kingdom resort and the lagoon .
prime minister insists coalition spent five years ` trying to lift people up ' . intervention came as another senior tory claimed christians in britain were being dismissed with a combination of condescension and suspicion . bishops insisted it was not targeted at any particular party , and criticised successive governments while calling for a ` fresh moral vision ' .
ashley johnston , 28 , was shot in february near the turkish border . he was fighting with the kurdish people 's protection units -lrb- ypg -rrb- . his mother amanda johnston has finally farewelled her son after his body was brought back onto home soil . the queenslander , originally from maryborough in queensland , is believed to be the first westerner to die in battle against is .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park near lake eildon at 9.30 am on good friday . the 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking near the devils river on sunday , four kilometres south of his campsite . police assume luke has spent 36 hours without food or water and on saturday night would have experienced temperatures as low as 8 degree celsius .
at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area , near bundaberg , on tuesday . a joint rspca and queensland police taskforce is now investigating . it 's understood the dogs were killed before a four corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry .
gunman , who has not been identified , had sparked security concerns at the park , where the mother of his child works in a restaurant . last week he was escorted off the premises - just days after he vandalized his ex-girlfriend 's car . but despite court orders banning him from the park in hollywood , he was spotted at 2.15 pm near the water slides , where he shot himself .
elizabeth stewart , cate blanchett and amanda seyfried also made top 10 . popular australian comedian rebel wilson also voted number one stylist . cristina elrich , the stylist responsible for creating a fresh faced glamour look for aussie beauty margot robbie , also made the list .
the four-bedroom home near auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price . new owners donald and jenny gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up , according to the new zealand herald . before the auction , mr keegan questioned whether the owners would get the $ 95,000 they had paid in october 2010 .
four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday . the time change affects all states except queensland , the northern territory and western australia , where daylight saving is not observed . changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries , fire services say .
stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped in las vegas by a nevada highway patrol -lrb- nhp -rrb- trooper . the state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 .
the big cat was seen at kruger national park in south africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal when it became temporarily separated from its herd . accompanied by a hunting partner , the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power and tries to take a bite out if its back .
the woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. friday on a rural highway in lee county . the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them . authorities in louisville , kentucky , made more than 100 water rescues early friday as a severe storm 's persistent downpour flooded roads .
superdrug has launched range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments -- as well as those for anti-ageing . one in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin . experts say growing stress levels are a key factor .
stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under labour . shares have performed nearly twice as well under labour over the last 45 years . figures are a further boost for david cameron and george osborne . survey of 100 bosses this weekend showed 70 per cent believe a labour government under mr miliband would be a ` catastrophe ' for the economy .
bentley motors ' top designer criticized ford 's new lincoln continental on facebook and called it a ` copy ' . luc donckerwolke thought the continental shared too many similarities with the bentley flying spur . the side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears .
hugo mbaeri , 25 , from portsmouth allegedly handed over customer names . alleged ringleader of the scheme , olawabiyi ayanwale , is not before the court . he is in the dock alongside seven others accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away .
karl lagerfeld is the moody french sensation taking the modelling world by storm . last year , clawed in over # 2 million in fees , outstripping the earnings of bushy-eyebrowed supermodel cara delevingne . choupette is a three-year-old birman cat and the pride , joy , and slightly disturbing obsession of chanel .
labour attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people ` from all walks of life ' . signatories warned about the ` proliferation of zero-hours contracts ' they claimed were ` letting down britain ' . but labour removed her name yesterday after it was revealed she had been convicted of benefit fraud in 2012 .
erica ann ginneti , 35 , pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor . the former math and calculus teacher at lower moreland township school district had been facing seven to 14 years in prison . she also faces three years ' probation , 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years .
the twilight saga managed $ 3.3 billion over five films from 2008 . there are three other sequels to come , with the follow-up hitting cinemas may 1 . while original screenplays and independent projects are being edged out and overlooked as a result , there is still a small group of stars considered capable of pulling people into theaters in droves .
derek and tina lowe , 33 , were hit shortly before 10am on easter sunday in durham , north carolina . authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured , although a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment . the train continued on its route after a delay of about two hours and 45 minutes .
the westwood-designed penthouse at the london west hollywood hotel is set to open next month . the master bedroom suite includes a contemporary king-sized four poster bed , with cushions and a tapestry designed by westwood . fashion-conscious travellers will not be disappointed as the 10th-floor penthouse will feature exclusive art , decor and custom furnishings .
the latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles -lrb- four square kilometres -rrb- in size . but this is just one of several artificial islands china has been creating in the region - and the exact purpose of them is unknown . china is creating the area by using dredging vessels to dig up sediment from the sea , and then dumping it on subermeged coral reefs to make islands . experts have told mailonline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local
about 75 people were inside the korean union united methodist church in rahway when the ceiling collapsed . thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at university hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury . the cause of the collapse is currently being investigated .
cody neatis , eight , from preston , was admitted to royal preston hospital last thursday with a chest infection . but rather than a bed in the children 's ward , the hospital has had to sleep on a mattress on the floor since arriving . cody has down 's syndrome , epilepsy , autism and is fed by a tube . his mother , lynne , 48 , fears her son will injure himself or pull out his oxygen or hurts himself in the night .
two states at the center of gay rights protests over laws designed to ` uphold religious freedom ' are moving to alter legislation that critics say legalizes discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation . arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state 's republican governor rejected its bill at the last minute on wednesday . the two , gop-controlled states were in a frenzy to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals who do not believe they should be compelled by the
mercury is set to rise steadily until friday , when southern parts of england are forecast to hit 21c -lrb- 70f -rrb- or higher - which would be the hottest this year so far . warm mass of air from southern europe will coincide to create some glorious weather .
the mission will take place in two parts , and this month marked the start of preliminary design work on esa 's asteroid impact mission . the 800 m-diameter main body is orbited by a 170 m moon , informally called ` didymoon ' . two or more cubesats will also be dispatched from the mothership to gather other scientific data in the vicinity of the moon .
robert clark , 96 , survived the brutality of the nazi ` death march ' across europe . now 96 , he is engaged in a different sort of battle after a council refused to increase funding he needs for a live-in carer . it means the second world war veteran could be forced out of his home of nearly 50 years and into a care home -- a move his son describes as ` like going back into a prisoner of war camp ' .
many of us have accepted what seemed like the inevitable every month and suffered through them armed with an arsenal of painkillers , hot water bottles and chocolate . one doctor claims that our pms can be banished forever with just a few simple steps . dr lara briden , a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health , recounts a patient who was suffering with pms whom she helped by changing her eating habits .
some christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services , a practice they say preserves their faith ethos . clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a c of e school . comments sparked anger from the church of england , which labelled their arguments ` doctrinaire ' .
martin vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellation stars have shifted and will change in the future . he has estimated how the constellations will change between . the results suggest that many of the most distinctive constellications will become almost unrecognisable in . the future and some may need to be renamed entirely .
a 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle in aylesbury , buckinghamshire , when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle . she had kicked him and he then disappeared . police issued new images , appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them urgently .
paul childs , who is running in the liverpool riverside seat , said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed with the virus in 2011 . air steward said he was revealing he had hiv because he was infuriated by ukip leader 's ` scaremongering ' over the number of foreigners who have the virus .
the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid -lrb- stf -rrb- and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature . in a ` liquid armour ' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area . the exact composition of the stf is known only to moratex and its inventors at the military institute of armament technology in warsaw .
hernando rivera cervantes took the pictures as it threw ash up to 1.8 miles -lrb- three kilometres -rrb- into the atmosphere . the 12,400 feet high volcano , which first erupted in 1576 , is one of the most active in mexico .
anthony clark reed was driving around detroit , michigan , on monday night when he was pulled over . the 24-year-old was handcuffed , despite complaining he had trouble breathing , before suffering a fatal heart attack . his father , pastor kevin clark , claimed his son had been ` driving erratically ' because he was searching for his inhaler . he is planning to sue police for their role in his son 's death .
children at riverview junior school in gravesend , kent , told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads . parents are furious about the ban saying that children need to ` let off steam ' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around . school claims that the ban is intended to tackle a specific ` chasing ' game which has caused children to hurt themselves .
this year traditional easter eggs have undergone a dramatic makeover . appearing on supermarket shelves and restaurant menus made of meat , marmite - and a giant block of cheese . from yeast-flavoured chocolate to an egg made from 300g of cheddar , here is femail 's selection of the most unusual eggs you can try .
hayley okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition . she suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate . progeria takes its name from the greek word ` proeros ' , meaning prematurely old . there are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the uk .
traditional chinese medicine -lrb- tcm -rrb- claims all manner of ailments including back ache , poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world . it is often believed that the more endangered the animal is , the greater the healing affect it will have . tcm has acquired a list in excess of 1,500 animals , many of which are endangered .
brian gemmell , a former captain in the army intelligence corps , said spy chiefs ordered him to ` stop digging ' when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the northern ireland children 's home . he spoke out during a meeting with victim richard kerr , who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ` very powerful ' figures . campaigners claim mr kerr 's account provides a clear link between vip paedophile rings in
an elderly couple have been charged as investigations deepen into the discovery of a mass dog grave . the carcasses were in various states of decomposition when found by a member of the public 360 kilometres north of brisbane in vera scarth-johnson wildflower reserve . the 64-year-old woman is known in the local area as a greyhound trainer and when police issued her with a search warrant she put up a fight . the couple , both from bundaberg , will appear in
julie merner 's heavy drinking has resulted in her being admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years . in january , the 39-year-old vowed to quit the habit , which has ravaged her liver , causing her to suffer severe cirrhosis . she hopes her story will push the government and society to do more to prevent britain 's killer drinking epidemic .
the new temperature record was measured on the northern tip of the antarctic peninsula . over a two day period last week temperatures reached 17.4 °c -lrb- 63.5 °f -rrb- . however , the heatwave on the coldest continent on earth has still to be officially certified by the world meteorological organisation .
dylan miller , 21 , decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods about a half-hour 's walk from campus to learn about living with only the necessities . with no plumbing or electricity , miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear as his fellow students live comfortably in their dorm rooms .
two boys from dewsbury , west yorkshire , have not been in contact with their families for several days . one of the boys is believed to be a relation of hammaad munshi , who was just 15 when he joined a cell of islamic fanatics targeting the royal family .
the 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed after the blue mitsubishi lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at hinchinbrook in sydney 's north-west . the car spun out of control and smashed through a colourbond fence before landing in the pool . the men told police the taxi driver fled the scene and officers are now appealing for the driver to come forward .
the 92-year-old , who started her career in new york city when she was just 25 , is sharing a few big scoops that were too scandalous to print over the course of her 70 year career . smith claims iac chairman barry diller asked her over 20 years ago : ` do you think i should come out ? ' . but that he ` worships ' his wife diane von furstenberg , who she claims asked her in 1992 : ` no ,
kyle patrick loughlin , 21 , from massachusetts has been charged with sexually assaulting two young boys at a daycare center where he worked . the student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote ` sexually charged fantasy stories ' involving children . authorities later removed a computer and other evidence from the suspect 's family home .
the russian freezer trawler , called the dalny vostock , sank in the sea of okhotsk in just 15 minutes . rescued crew members reported that the ship was unstable because of empty fuel tanks and a lack of ballast as it sailed through the kamchatka peninsula .
dr celia sanchez-ramos found the led screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye . research has already shown that the intense levels of ` blue light ' emitted from modern gadgets can cause a variety of health complaints . in extreme cases , she says , it may even lead to macular degeneration .
britain struck oil in the falklands yesterday , a discovery likely to escalate already heightened tensions with argentina . after nine months of exploratory drilling , a group of british companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands . lord west of spithead , a former first sea lord , said the find would lead to further claims by the argentians over the long-disputed territory .
the motoring show took up first , second , third and fifth spots in the catch-up service 's top five for the month . viewing figures come a week after presenter jeremy clarkson was dismissed from the bbc for punching top gear producer oisin tymon . four episodes in february were watched a total of 9,047,000 times .
five-bedroom home at 39 holmes street , maroubra in sydney 's eastern suburbs sold for $ 2 million on the weekend . dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $ 690,000 . it 's thus no surprise to see properties across the capital sell for well over the $ 1 million mark like this ryde residence .
duncan hodgetts , 25 , fell from the 14th floor window of the executive plaza building in midtown manhattan at 8.30 am yesterday . he was found on a third-floor balcony of the neighboring michelangelo hotel , near the rockefeller center . it is understood the tax specialist for ernst and young , based in birmingham , had been on a business trip when he fell .
hakeem kuta , 17 , was on life support and passed away saturday morning . police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby when kuta and five other teenagers ran when officers arrived . kuta jumped over a three-foot high wall without realizing there was a gap between the buildings .
professional wrestler robert abercrombie - known as rob venomous in the ring - took a different approach when he tied his son 's tooth to the back of his muscle car . a video shows him revving up the engine of his red chevrolet camero before powering forward , pulling out his son james ' tooth clean out .
brandon afoa , 33 , of puyallup , washington , was operating a tug to push aircraft at seattle-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed , causing him to crash into a luggage lift . much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons . but for years the case was locked in the courts because the airport had a ` duty ' to provide a safe working environment .
keonna thomas , 30 , was arrested in philadelphia friday as she tried to join and martyr herself for the islamic state group . authorities said she communicated with an isis fighter in syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation . she appeared in court this afternoon dressed entirely in black , with just her eyes showing , and will remain in custody until her next appearance on april 8 .
hay castle was built in the late 12th century by the powerful norman lord william de braose and has been added to through the ages . it was damaged by fire during the rebellion of welsh chieftain owain glyndwr in 1233 , and rebuilt by henry iii in 1460 . but now the medieval stronghold that has already endured so much is at risk of falling to a new army of invaders .
marcus and markieff morris , who both play forward for the phoenix suns , are being investigated for allegedly assaulting erik hood at the nina mason pulliam recreation & sports complex . the alleged assault happened around 7:30 pm on saturday , january 24 , outside the central phoenix gym . hood told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while they were growing up in philadelphia and that he used to support them financially until they had a `
keith cameron splashed out on a new york flat for his daughter . he enjoyed a string of extravagant holidays while his victim 's family have been left facing the prospect of selling their home . he promised the world-famous lighting architect a # 2million return on his investment in just two years , but it was all an elaborate lie .
mark doggett , 30 , from wolverhampton , has trained his two animals to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses . the dogs can go out to domestic properties or surveyors can hire us as part of their report . dry rot is wood decay caused by the fungus serpula lacrymans that digests the parts of the wood which give it strength .
the couple , who does not wish to be identified , hired attorney cathy hale to sue james evans the owner of premiere photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed , ` poor n ***** party ' on the bottom of the pictures . the couple was n't alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride 's sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party . hale says that when the husband heard about the
baby malakai has been alive for seven months and he 's never left the hospital . his mother stacy maitai had to give up her job in perth in order to care for her son full-time . the 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from centrelink as she is not an australian citizen . pks is a rare chromosomal disorder which affects about 200 people worldwide and 15 those cases are known to be in australia .
robert dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an interstate 89 median and smashed into an suv . amanda murphy , who was 8 months pregnant , and her fiance , 29-year-old jason timmons . murphy 's relatives of murphy and timmons , tore into the former fortune 500 executive during the first of the two-day sentencing hearing on wednesday . timmons ' mother , debbie
chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in central london , according to undercover police teams . gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the west end before stealing their cash and belongings . in one example metropolitan police stopped two chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich arab tourists in the park lane and mayfair areas .
gareth shoulder recruited by bbc to comment on election as member of ` generation 2015 election youth panel ' . self-styled ` angry leftie revolutionary ' used his ` @bbcgen2015 ' twitter page to make disparaging remark about cameron and ivan . shoulder , 24 , who is a big fan of brand and regularly messages the comedian on social media , also said that , in the debate , the prime minister had ` really annoyed ' him and made him want to tear politicians `
thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets . this bacteria found on one five pound note . the money was collected from students at the university of surrey . it was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days .
the network handed williams a six-month suspension in february after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from iraq in 2003 . but according to a new report in vanity fair , brokaw , whom he succeeded at nightly news in 2004 , was n't so accepting of the ` quirks ' of his personality .
just one crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off , and contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar . that 's more than half of the 50g of sugar the world health organisation recommends per day . here , exercise coaches recommend how you can offset the calories you might consume this weekend .
humbleos international , an online sperm bank , is moving offices from new york to the central florida research park in orlando . while the company says decision is in part due to better facilities on offer , it is also due to the ` intense competition for donors ' . donors are allowed to remain anonymous , and a company spokesman said they can earn up to $ 750 per month .
patrick barkham 's book is written to celebrate 50 years of enterprise neptune , the national trust 's campaign to save our coastal beauties from being spoiled . beginning in 1965 , the trust has by now acquired 742 miles of coast . our attachment to the coast is strong . popular television series explore it , gliding over the cliffs by helicopter as if in a dream and coastal paths are never short of walkers .
zaur dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of the opposition leader in moscow on february 27 , along with four other chechan men . russian news agencies have quoted him as telling the court that he had been abducted , beaten and pressured into confessing to nemstov 's murder . when he appeared in court in march , he did n't admit his guilt for the murder , and later retracted his confession .
the bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer , who posed as a high school senior between august 2014 and march 2015 . on top of the six arrests , an amount of cocaine , marijuana and prescription drugs xanax and tramadol was also seized . police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age , but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this .
ed miliband used a speech to say he will ` abolish ' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms , which applies to 116,000 people . but in january mr balls said there will be some people who will then leave the country . mr miliband argues non-domicile tests ` are not very rigorous ' .
hundreds of seals are being killed in british waters in order to protect stocks of salmon and other fish which are destined for supermarket shelves . farmers say seal killings are essential to stop the animals from destroying fish stocks off the coast of scotland and northern england . but campaigners insist there are more humane methods of protecting fish .
nicola sturgeon was campaigning in aberdeen ahead of a second tv debate tonight . she has vehemently criticised david cameron 's pledge to hold an in-out referendum on european union . comes after scottish first minister refused to rule out staging a second independence vote before 2020 .
the film has also established a new high-water mark for any film in the fast and furious franchise . it also ranks . ninth among the top ten openings in history . much as the dark knight turned into a memorial for heath ledger , audiences flocked to see star paul walker in one of his final roles .
felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate at john f kennedy international airport . the two-year-old grey tabby belongs to jennifer stewart and her husband , joseph naaman , who said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly . she said his crate was tied down to a large metal pallet and cracked open , apparently when one of the straps got caught on something as it was being moved to a
nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies . other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans , and small satellites to explore deep space . the vasimr engine - which uses plasma as a propellant - is being developed by the ad astra rocket company in texas . following the successful test of a prototype in 2013 , it seems nasa is now considering it for use on a future mission to mars .
executives at coronation street have reportedly overturned a ban on their cast offering their dulcet tones to radio advertising campaigns . complaints from actors have led bosses to revise the ban . katy cavanagh has been the voice behind many ad campaigns including whitbread , lancome , iplayer restart and nestle kit kats .
katie price still regularly checks kieran 's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out . it was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym as katie worries that his looks could feed into his sex addiction . but the former glamour model - who now has two children with the 28-year-old - slammed both women saying : ' i would not wish it on anyone . it 's actually disgusting what those two human beings have done to
a bear hunting salmon in the brooks river , alaska , eyes up his dinner as a fish leaps straight at him . however , the dozy creature was unable to take advantage of his good fortune , letting the juicy fish slip away . sockeye salmon migrate up rivers during the spring in order to reach the breeding grounds where they were born .
zhou qunfei has been named china 's richest woman after her company lens technology went public . the 45-year-old , whose company supplies protective window glass used in apple devices , was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural china . she would send her salary home to her father , who was nearly blinded in an industrial accident . but he encouraged her to study hard to get ahead , and she left home as a teenager to work in a glass-processing factory in she
kevin franklin will light up his christmas lights on the front of his home . the 53-year-old father put the lights up on his council house last november . but he did n't take them down in january because he wanted to switch them on again in april for autism awareness month .
misao okawa was born in osaka , west japan , the fourth daughter of a kimono maker . she marred her husband , yukio , in 1919 , and they had two daughters and a son . she was recognised as the world 's oldest person by the guinness world records in 2013 .
joshua smith died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea . the 16-year-old was plucked from the water by the crew of an raf helicopter . he was flown to hospital , where he was later pronounced dead . police have referred it to the police watchdog .
nick clegg is trailing labour by 2 per cent in his formally rock-solid lib dem constituency , sheffield hallam . aides said he would be out knocking doors on friday , saturday and sunday . but a poll by the tory peer lord ashcroft shows 36 per cent of voters are now planning to vote for mr clegg 's labour opponent oliver coppard .
colombian-born manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show . the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before andrea had finished guessing .
jeremy clarkson is going to be put on the # 5 note and the leaning tower of pisa is becoming a luxury hotel . but before you get too excited about this string of massive news stories it might be a good idea to check the date - because all the revelations are nothing more than april fool 's day pranks .
marion carole rees was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in sydney in early april 1975 . the teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared . magistrate sharon freund said in findings handed down on thursday .
becca litchfield , 29 , and partner dale , 30 , were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding , or fertility treatment . the full-time mother says that the couple ca n't believe their luck having achieved both of their dreams . the couple chose to sacrifice their dream wedding and go ahead with ivf .
collevia hayes , kitzhaber 's longtime companion , played in his administration , as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor 's staff . hayes was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees . the fbi is investigating and has issued subpoenas for the emails and thousands of other records .
youtube is set to offer an ad free , subscription-based service for the first time . it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an ` ads-free ' version of youtube for a monthly fee . the additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on youtube 's creator studio dashboard .
millie elia , an eighth-grade student from oak mountain , alabama , died following the accident at mount cheaha state park around 4.40 pm on saturday . the teenager had been rappelling on pulpit rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell . the park refused to release any further details when contacted by dailymail.com on monday .
the prize porker , known as pigwig , had fallen into the pool in ringwood , hampshire . his owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water . two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the pool .
twitter has officially rolled out its ` retweet with comment ' feature , which unsurprisingly lets people annotate the tweets of others . this image shows the new button , ` quote tweet , ' which triggers the action . until now , twitter users have had to embed tweets by cutting and pasting a url and then adding a comment , within the 140 character limit . but now the process is available at the touch of a button and is going down well on the social network .
obama 's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling , saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators . but he confirmed that ` the sense that we have is yes , that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made ' . speculation was swirling on wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries , including the u.s. , were on the verge of making a deal as french foreign minister laurent fabius rushed back to lausanne
ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to national curriculum tests . this was despite the exam session finishing , a conduct panel heard . the 31-year-old also altered a number of pupil 's exam answers himself . he was later forced to give up his job at mitton manor primary school .
southampton beat blackburn 1-1 at st mary 's on monday night . sam gallagher scored the winning goal in the additional half hour . saints keeper david raya no chance after cutting in from the right wing . ryan seager had put saints ahead with a tidy finish after the ball fell fortuitously to him in the blackburn box .
claudetteia love , 17 , said last week that she and her friends would not go to carroll high school 's prom in monroe , louisiana , because principal patrick taylor had told her she had to wear a dress . her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates , who signed a petition to persuade the school to change its mind . now , principal taylor and monroe city school board president rodney mcfarland -
prince of wales was visiting the rheged centre in cumbria , where he was meeting farmers and charity staff . charles , who is grandfather to 20-month-old prince george , looked delighted and bent down to talk to the little boy who was held by his mother .
the number of firearm licence holders in new south wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years . currently , a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010 . bathurst , 200km west of sydney , a close second at 3075 , was revealed to have the most firearm licences - 3259 .
deborah hutton has released a cook book of favourite recipes . the 53-year-old media personality shared her favourite recipes from the book with daily mail australia . the australian women 's weekly features over 40 recipes as well as some of her cherished food memories and personal photos .
beatrice nokes , 21 , faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes in central london . she is accused of running the vice ring with daniel williams , 37 , last year . nokes is the daughter of two respected solicitors and a scotland yard detective who are accused of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex .
george and amal clooney have submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema . the berkshire mansion is now an ` expected ' luxury in properties worth over # 10million , according to industry experts . this may seem extravagant as it may seem , home cinemas are often a clever investment as they make use of low value space in the dark basement .
survey of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse . and that this type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year compared to just 27 per cent last year . one teacher said she had been called a ` paedophile ' for wanting to film a performance .
labour leader vows to end casual employment contracts that ` undermine living standards and family life ' . but his crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot labour use them . 68 labour mps had also signed up on zero-hours contracts in the last two years including shadow health secretary andy burnham .
the ` cuddle chair ' looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption . according to the patent for the ` transport vehicle upright sleep support system , ' the head cushion will have a ` face relief aperture ' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing .
mcdonald 's says it 's simplifying its grilled chicken recipe to remove ingredients people might not recognize . its ` artisan grilled chicken ' will be in its more than 14,300 u.s. stores by the end of next week , in products including a new sandwich , as well as existing sandwiches , wraps and salads .
in southern germany , hundreds of horse riders and spectators braved the snow for a traditional easter monday procession on horseback . in slovakia , women were doused with buckets of water as part of their weekend celebrations . a similar age-old tradition takes place in hungary , where after being sprinkled with water , the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs in return .
james robarge , 45 , of vermont was sentenced in court on friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife , 42-year-old kelly robarge . her badly decomposed body , with her hands and head detached , was found 10 days later in unity . robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years .
nasa announced that humanity will encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . the announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by nasa in surprising places . scientists using the hubble recently provided powerful evidence that jupiter 's moon ganymede has a saltwater , sub-surface ocean , likely sandwiched between two layers of ice .
rudy guede , 29 , is serving a 16-year sentence for murder in perugia . ivory coast national 's dna was found all over the bedroom where meredith kercher was found half-naked , her throat slit in 2007 . knox and ex-boyfriend raffaele sollecito served four years for the murder , which prosecutors claimed was a sex game gone wrong .
professor david spiegelhalter , a statistician at cambridge university , revealed that the frequency with which britons are having sex has been in decline since the emergence of the internet . this was compared to four times a month in 1990 , according to research published in his book sex by numbers .
natalie fletcher 's project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots , forests and ruins . for each work natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints . each work takes here between 45 minutes and three hours to complete .
all of the 36 units at the redlands house sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment which has been labelled an ` eyesore ' by local residents . graham white , 76 , from penarth said the changes to the property looks ` more like a children 's playscheme than sheltered accommodation ' .
louis jordan , 37 , released a three-paragraph statement on monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun , wind , waves and sea spray . the man rescued from a disabled sailboat off the north carolina coast has responded to critics of his story by claiming that he avoided sunburn and blisters by staying in the vessel 's cabin .
police arrested 12 protesters thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of mauna kea . native hawaiians believe the site where the telescope is being assembled is sacred because it is where their creation story begins . all of the highest points in the islands are considered the home of deities .
former merrill lynch bank of america employee rurik jutting charged with grisly murders of two indonesian women . the 30-year-old returned to magistrates ' court after being deemed fit to stand trial in november . the case has been adjourned until may 8 after the prosecution asked for more time .
rona blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted . this after she and a friend took a ride home from a man after school in rural hall , north carolina - a town so quaint and wholesome that it was the model for the fictional mayberry in ` the andy griffith show ' . three days later , her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking
diane mclean , a 58-year-old child psychiatrist in the south bronx , says she 's been overwhelmed by the generosity of her friends , neighbors and strangers . the three kids have had the parents of classmates reach out and offer places to stay and clothing . a gofundme account has raised nearly $ 90,000 for the family .
rodrigo alves , who is best known as the new human ken doll after reportedly spending more than $ 265,000 on plastic surgery . the 31-year-old london flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations , including four rhinoplasties , liposuction and six-pack implants . after doctors in the uk started turning him away , he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery - even approaching botched doctors dr terry dubrow and dr paul
laura alicia caldero , 26 , claims she was sitting under a palm tree on mamitas beach in playa del carmen when armed police forcibly removed her . friends said she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of about # 70 . the beach is located in the tourist area of quintana roo in eastern mexico .
the 30-year-old los angeles resident has been documenting her changing pregnancy body and many of her 1.4 m instagram followers can not believe she is eight months pregnant . despite the outpouring of concern from her followers , sarah has n't let it stop her from continuing to flaunt her physique online .
american eagle flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from dallas-fort worth international airport to wichita falls , texas , on sunday night . pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on , according to officials in the city of 100,000 people .
jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on facebook . the 24-year-old was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries . they targeted businesses in groups of four , armed with a variety of weapons . men used a number of stolen cars fitted with false licence plates .
kevin o'connor , who owns memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , said he has temporarily shut the restaurant 's doors after he received abusive phone calls and was trolled online . a contributor from glenn beck 's the blaze set up a fundraising page on gofundme for the pizzeria , with a goal of helping ` the family stave off the burdensome cost of having the media parked out front , activists tearing them down , and no customers coming in ' . the
pete bennett , 33 , from brighton , won a dream # 100,000 after coming first in the seventh series of the channel 4 show in 2006 . but the troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on ketamine and is now homeless , spending each night sofa surfing . nine years on the tourette 's sufferer says his condition has calmed down and he wants to crack hollywood as an actor .
ambra battilana , 22 , told police weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night . however , the very next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of finding neverland , which weinstein is producing , from the lunt-fontanne theater and posted it on her instagram . a movie industry source told page six weinstein gave battil
corinne gump , 10 , and her grandparents were killed in a house fire in the early hours of monday , just hours before robert seman , jr. , 46 , was to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl . after the three bodies were found in the home in youngstown , ohio , police went to seman 's home and found corinne 's mother , lynn schmidt , 46 . she was taken to the police station to be
charlotte cobbald , 17 , took the deadly medicine , which her father was keeping illegally , and injected it after saying she felt like a ` failure ' . paramedics fought to save her and took her in an ambulance to hospital , but charlotte died from the effects of the drug .
labour 's efforts to fight off accusations of hypocrisy on zero-hours contracts were in chaos last night . dozens of labour councils and mps employ staff on controversial contracts , which he has pledged to ban . in a further blow , parliament 's expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour mps that they are forced to by the westminster system .
the london book fair author hq event is a three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors . among others , there will be representatives on hand from little , brown , harpercollins , headline , quercus , the creative penn , the alliance of independent authors and the society of authors .
jack cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to mariah carey - and she is furious about him betraying her . mariah rejected nick 's numerous demands for a $ 30 million divorce settlement so now he 's writing the book -- saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another . there is nothing she can do about it because he already signed the deal last week with major publishing company simon and schuster .
the european space agency 's rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67p . on saturday the spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles -lrb- 14km -rrb- of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface . but during the manoeuvre , the probe lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ` safe mode ' . the problems arose due to
thomas jordan driver , 25 , david elliot moran , 47 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 , each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder . the kkk men believed the prisoner was infected with hiv and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight , officials said . the supposed hit man was an fbi criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year .
researchers based at different institutions in tokyo noted that rats flatten their ears , narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain . experts wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction , or to communicate their discomfort to others . they found that long-evans rats can read pain on other animal 's faces .
hudea was pictured late last year by photographer osman sagirli in atmeh refugee camp , just 10km from the border with turkey . she , her mother and three siblings are understood to have been living in the camp since hudea 's father was killed in the 2012 hama massacre . but two weeks ago the family took a fateful decision to move south , towards the city of idlib - only for it to fall into the hands of al qaeda 's brutal sy
rachel chepulis , 26 , was arrested with wesley e. brown iii in north bend , oregon almost three weeks after she helped him break out of lake region correctional center . brown , who is married with children , was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm . in june 2013 he escaped from devils lake prison , where he spent a considerable amount of time prior to his second jail break in march .
the average british worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career . of the 2000 surveyed by headset manufacturer sennheiser communications , 70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings , with the average worker switching off completely after 20 minutes . but bored staff should be wary of paying too little attention .
scottish illustrator johanna basford has sold more than 1.4 million copies of her colouring-in book for grown-ups , secret garden . the follow-up , enchanted forest , is expected to do just as well . if you needed any proof , then browsing amazon 's bestseller list offers it .
apple 's watch hits stores this friday when customers and employees alike will be able to pre-order the timepiece . any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the us , uk , australia , canada , china , france , germany , hong kong and japan - will be eligible . it does not apply to the expensive edition model , which starts at $ 10,000 in the us and # 8,000 in
james paul harris , 30 , originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old james gerety . on monday , a judge sentenced harris to four years and two months in prison . but a former girlfriend testified a year ago that harris told her he shot the victim in the stomach , then cut off his head .
nicolas sarkozy facing charges over funding of failed 2012 bid to retain presidency . 60-year-old is alleged to have got ump party to pay off personal fine approaching # 500,000 for over-spending . party made massive electoral gains against the socialists in regional elections and he is convinced he can become president again in 2017 .
david suchet , 68 , is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases . his grandson todd , who is about to celebrate his first birthday , has the rare condition tuberous sclerosis complex . those with the disease can live a full life but may develop tumours in organs such as the brain and heart .
the original manuscript and notes to ` american pie ' have been sold at auction for $ 1.2 million . mclean offered the wistful anthem that asks ` do you recall what was revealed the day the music died ? ' at christie 's on tuesday . the name of the buyer was not released .
hillary clinton said she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there . there she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ` heartbroken ' , it is claimed . mrs clinton would admit to sex with former white house intern usher worthington white was approached by mr clinton .
archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of a 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second ottoman-habsburg war . they believe the camel may have been left in the town of tulln for trading after the siege of vienna in 1683 . in a country where cows dominate the rural landscape , the discovery in an austrian cellar shocked scientists .
judge jon tigar in san francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to michelle-lael norsworthy violates her constitutional rights . she has been in prison since 1987 , serving a life sentence for second-degree murder . the ruling says it would be the second time nationwide that such a surgery has been performed on an inmate .
the mystery man , who may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk . all that he could remember was that he was from the poznan area of poland and has a daughter called lenka . he is being cared for at london 's st thomas ' hospital while police appeal for anyone who recognises him to come forward .
lu lu and partner zhen zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes and 45 seconds , setting a new record for the year at the sichuan giant panda research centre . it also means the chinese panda lasts longer than the average american man in bed , with your typical new mexico man making love for just over seven minutes .
researchers from texas a&m school of public health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans when compared to states with no restrictions . most of the us has laws that ban drivers from texting while at the wheel to prevent accidents .
victoria prosser , 33 , stood up and heckled david cameron last night . she was later removed from the studio and told reporters she wanted people to question ` the 1 % at the top ' who she claimed were not working in the country 's interests . she later told reporters : ` i 'm sorry , but i have to speak out ' .
karen wakefield refused to pay two initial # 60 fines and subsequent # 120 fines for taking her daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to turkey . the mother-of-two said her daughter 's school , the manchester communication academy , refused to give her permission to take her daughter abroad . it was criticised by those who starred in it as intentionally painting them in a negative light .
danielle davis , 24 , refused a termination when a routine scan showed her baby had a cyst on the brain . when daisy was born , ms davis and her partner andrew smith , 31 , were told she had the rare disorder anophthalmia , meaning she had no eyes . so while daisy can be fitted with glass eyes as she gets older , she will never be able to see , but some children with the disease have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons
more than two-thirds -lrb- 69 % -rrb- of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder , which is also known as clinical depression . u.s. investigators looked at those taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors , the most commonly prescribed type of anti-depressant .
schuller was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment . once a charismatic and well-known presence on the televangelist circuit , schuller faded from view in recent years after watching his church collapse amid a disastrous leadership transition . the soaring , glass-paned crystal cathedral was sold to the roman catholic diocese of orange in 2011 for more than $ 5 million .
professor bryan sykes of the university of oxford claims a towering woman named zana who lived in 19th century russia could have been the fabled yeti . witnesses described the six-foot , six-inches tall woman as having ` all the characteristics of a wild animal ' and covered in thick auburn hair . zana was eventually tamed by a nobleman on his estate in tkhina .
news reporters and advertisers have long enjoyed coming up with ever more cunning hoaxes on april fools ' day . this april 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers . here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web - and our inboxes .
kate winslet , 39 , wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the west sussex coast to protect her # 3.25 million beachside home . but natural england has recommended the planning application be refused - citing concerns it may result in the ` direct loss ' of natural habitat .
gabriel is captured on camera standing next to the bear , which sits partially submerged in the water in a north american zoo . looking to his dad for reassurance , the young boy asks whether he is safe and his dad comically replies : ` that 's pretty strong glass , hopefully ' .
the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property . oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers . it was snapped up for # 2,200 in 2010 by ian coulson , a four-poster bed specialist from northumberland who spotted
amy johnson , from sydney , faces two assault charges and has faced court today . the 38-year-old mother saw red and is now facing serious assault charges after she allegedly grabbed the young woman by the neck and scratched her face . ms johnson said she became aggressive because the fries had spilled out of their containers and the mcdonald 's worker used her hands to put them back in the packet .
justus howell , 17 , was gunned down from behind by an officer in zion , illinois on saturday afternoon . police chief of the zion police department has now said that the argument was in fact a scuffle over a handgun - during which the firearm went off and howell allegedly pointed it at another teenager .
firehouse owner sandy dee hall , 34 , and his girlfriend maxine cher , 24 , adopted smokey da lamb after he was abandoned by his mother . smokey has made dozens of friends during his month-long stay in new york , however city officials are now demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm .
collection , which was amassed by george iii and has been under lock and key for 200 years , has been digitised . none of which she had seen before , her majesty admired the poems , which were written by the shah of persia himself . other documents shown to the queen touch on some of the most important events in history , among them the battle of chesapeake bay .
sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber . you should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets and hour before you hit the sack . ninety-one per cent of britons say their sleep environment impacts their sleep .
insurance giant admiral said many youngsters addicted to mobile phones lose out at the very beginning of looking for work . cardiff-based insurer with more than 5,000 staff voiced fears in evidence to welsh assembly 's enterprise and business committee . report concluded too many young people were confused about how to grab hold of job opportunities .
police went to a home on march 26 in balch springs , texas , to do a welfare check and were told that a two-year-old child had died and a ` rising ceremony ' performed . the ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child , police claimed , and took place on march 22 . the child 's parents took the body to mexico the following day .
swedish firm says it will ` save the planet ' with new vegetarian meatballs . veggie balls will be rolled out this month , created from a secret recipe of chickpeas , peas , peppers , corn , kale and seasoning . company now sells one billion of its regular meatballs every year .
natalie whitear , 35 , suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness . condition is so severe mrs whitear ca n't spot her own reflection or children . she walks past lifelong friends in the street - and walks past friends . but the condition leaves her unable to recognise herself in the mirror .
mario ambarita , 21 , clambered into the wheel housing of the garuda indonesia flight which took off from sumatra and flew at 34,000 ft to jakarta . the desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was ` looking for work ' . his mother , tiar sitanggan , said she had ` no idea ' her son was planning to go to the country .
ukip campaign chief patrick o'flynn accused brussels of feeding ` propaganda ' to young people who could not be trusted to vote in a referendum . ukip has called for the vote to be held earlier , and today warned under-18s should not be allowed a say .
two comedians and a coronation street actress came out in support of labour at a party rally . ben elton took a swipe at myleene klass over her criticism of ed miliband 's mansion tax plans . the comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at warrington 's parr hall the popstar had made her money ` showering in a bikini ' .
leia , an eight-month-old boxer from pennsylvania , was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby 's pacifier . footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep . to date the video of leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on facebook , with many viewers deeming the scene ` cute ' and ` adorable ' .
simona trasca , 34 , known as ` romania 's pamela anderson ' , said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it . plastic surgeon marek valcu claimed ms trasca 's comments were defamatory and sued her .
debrey alexander , 54 , has left parts of her garden in deep shade . she claims her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and . claims other neighbours have had a fight to get the trees cut down to size . stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay .
ringling brothers barnum and bailey circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018 . once the animals are done in the ring , they 'll be taken to the ringling brothers elephant conservation center in an undisclosed , 200-acre area of polk county in central florida . some of the asian elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center , while other will be used for breeding .
the law , brought in by indiana governor mike pence , was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state . he was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing bill , calling it ` brutal ' and ` unjust ' and saying he was finding ways to reduce investments in indiana . however on wednesday he told cnn money he was now responding to employee complaints that they no longer want to work and live in the state , and is trying to find
the van was carrying 12 people from south carolina toward atlanta when it went off interstate 85 near the town of commerce about 7 am monday . the driver of the 15-passenger van ` apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway , at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side ' . the three men who died were ejected from the vehicle , according to the georgia state patrol .
the cheyenne mountain complex in colorado was built for norad to direct the american response to a nuclear war with the ussr during the cold war . it was home to the north american aerospace command -lrb- norad -rrb- , scanning the skies for russian missiles and the military command and control center of the united states in the event of world war three .
a giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off destin , florida , chasing after its next meal while two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away . ` get out the water ! ' cries a man with a group of friends on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach , and for a long time to no avail , until they finally spot the danger as the shark 's chase leads it too close to them for comfort . while the likelihood that serious injury would
asma fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads . her mother suffers from bells palsy , among other health ailments and finds it difficult to leave the house due to her condition . this was the second time that asma has been attacked in sydney in four years .
jo gilchrist , 27 , was left writhing in pain on valentine 's day . a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine . she has been in brisbane 's princess alexandra hospital ever since . doctors are still trying to rid her body of the bacteria .
the 68-year-old pulaski county resident , who was known as terrill wayne newman until tuesday , has legally changed his name to gatewood galbraith . his predecessor , who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema , gained a following for his wit , sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana . the secretary of state 's office says independent candidates must obtain 5,000 signatures from registered voters by august 11 to get their names on the general election ballot
genetic analysis has shown that hunter gatherers living in spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin . it was not until 7,800 years ago , when the first farmers migrated from the near east through turkey that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared . the first europeans looked dramatically different to most of the fair skinned people that live there today .
the three men , two women and four children were detained by soldiers at a checkpoint in ogulpinar . it is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11 . turkey is a key staging ground for foreign fighters attempting to reach is-controlled areas of syria and iraq .
john zelepos , 48 , of north stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses . the restaurant owner may also be forced to pay a $ 500,000 fine . they say he then filed false tax returns to hide the income .
seven of the world 's most endangered crocodiles flew out of melbourne on wednesday en route to their native country . the 40 centimetre-long philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by melbourne zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight . there are only about 250 philippines crocodiles left in the wild , making them the most endangered species in the world .
streets around the missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour , with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour . several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather , though no injuries were immediately reported . the severe weather in missouri produced reports of more than 3 inches of rainfall near augusta west of st. louis , national weather service meteorologist laura kanofsky said .
the 33-year-old and her husband henry hager already have a daughter , mila , who turns two later this month . during a segment in which ` adventure correspondent ' jenna was discussing what her ` next adventure ' for the show would be , she cut away to a clip of herself pointing to her tummy .
sir jeremy heywood ordered an inquiry into claims that a leaked memo shows snp leader nicola sturgeon would prefer a tory general election victory . row followed an allegation she told french ambassador sylvie bermann she would n't want a formal coalition with labour . scottish first minister branded the report as ` 100 per cent untrue ' .
camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook 's decision to open up messenger . gifs are created in the camoji app . once downloaded , users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long . they can then add filters and other effects - similar to instagram .
photographs show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days . although police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies , the majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life . in rapidly ageing japan , more people are dying alone and go unnoticed by their families for weeks or months .
crystal o'connor and her father kevin were forced to close the doors to their pizza shop because the phones kept ringing and they did n't know if orders were fake or real . the o'connors made their comments a week after the religious freedom restoration act was passed , forbidding state or local government from ` substantially ` burdening ' a person 's right to freedom of speech .
survey reveals women regret their career choices more so than men . just under half of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over decisions . one in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression due to a missed opportunity at work . but only ten per cent of men admitted to feeling the same way .
a reading on the ` fright ' decibels of the rollercoaster at flambards theme park in helston will be recorded as a row develops over a new housing estate that could bring in 1,000 new residents . developer david martin has applied for outline planning permission for up to 480 houses and access road on a series of fields .
gabby giffords , 44 , walked through the airport in california using a cane , hard-won steps that show her continued progress four years after she survived an attempted assassination in tucson , arizona . the former u.s. representative , who is now an advocate for gun control , was accompanied by her husband , retired astronaut mark kelly , on the trip , and a young woman who carried several bags .
the planetary society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the martian moon phobos in 2033 . it concluded that such a plan could indeed fit within nasa 's human space exploration budget - but politics is holding the decision back . the panel said the current plan would use an orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from earth into orbit and back down .
state education minister adrian piccoli has called the scot 's college shortcut ` unfair ' . the university of sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for year 11 students to skip their year 12 exams and ` buy ' their entry into the sandstone university . opposition leader luke foley is concerned over how this alternative would impact the hsc .
british musician long known for his experimentalism has written new songs and arranged older music for the production late this year at the new york theatre workshop . bowie , 68 , is not expected to perform in the production , titled lazarus , which he has written with award-winning playwright enda walsh .
domenico rancadore , 65 , fled to britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in italy for his role as a ` man of honour ' . italian law states a sentence is extinguished once a period of more than double the time of the penalty has passed .
terry martin shot his girlfriend laurice hampton , 48 , after she asked for half of the proceeds . but hampton was critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest . responding officers found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on beaty street in fort worth , texas , where martin was pronounced dead a few hours later .
kimberly greenberg , 15 , disappeared more than a week ago after going for a walk . her mother janice greenberg has made a desperate plea for help as the teenager , described as having the mental capacity of an eight-year-old , has not been seen for a week .
anthony bethell and st john 's college are embroiled in a row over a stretch of scrubby bushes which are quickly becoming ` the most expensive hedge in warwickshire ' . the bizarre dispute began when bethell decided he would pay for work to restore the ancient 180-yard hedge , which marks the boundary between his home and the college 's land .
dr alex russell , a sydney-based university lecturer , has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years . he has a claim to fame selling the last $ 26,000 bottle of glenfiddich in the world and whose completed a phd on ` the taste and smell perception of wine ' . he shares his tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth . far from a conventional toast , mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage . the performance was also a tribute to their father , peter , who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years previously .
gareth silk let his five friends plan a stag do in cwmbran , south wales . when the men in their matching outfits walked down the street , they earned cheers , clapping and even policemen driving past . david rowles , 38 , said : ` everyone thought it would be a head-turner ' .
epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries and 70 cities . with only seven months to organise everything , the couple set off to their first destination - the us - and landed in new york to begin their very long journey across the globe . with a strict budget of $ 40 a day , they set off and set off in a rented car . the couple produced their first mini documentary a day .
cynthia lennon died at her home in spain yesterday after a ` short but brave ' battle with cancer . she later penned memoirs of her time with her famous husband , who eventually left her for yoko ono . yoko also posted a picture which had been taken in 2010 of the two women with their sons , julian and sean .
anthony ray hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near birmingham . prosecutors linked hinton to the killings through a .38 - caliber revolver found at his house . the u.s. supreme court last year sent hinton 's case back for a potential new trial , which prompted a re-examination of the evidence .
bluey the cat has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow . she has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder . despite her fearsome sound , bluey is currently in a rehoming centre in cambridge looking for a new owner .
president barack obama unveiled plans to impose sanctions on hackers after an epidemic of attacks against american computer networks . obama said hackers working in china and russia target america 's defense contractors and the systems designed to support the country 's troops . announcement followed a series of high profile incidents , including a devastating attack against sony pictures , and data breaches that stole credit card or health data on tens of millions of americans .
new isis nursing school and lists language entry requirements for would-be nurses . among them are rules that applicants are no more than 25 years of age . nhs has yet fully put in place , with nurses who trained in europe still able to treat patients without any formal language checks thanks to bureaucratic rules .
the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level . its incredible viewing area protrudes nearly 90ft from the cliff face at the longgang scenic area in america . work on the # 3.7 million structure started in march last year with builders facing a terrifying trip to work each day .
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer . noreen spendlove was reassured when the results of her latest mammogram were normal . but 18 months later , shortly before her 70th birthday , the mother-of-three developed intermittent pain in her left side , just below her breast .
laura sumner , 24 , was given ten days to leave the country after being fined # 23.50 for an alleged visa violation . but russian media reports have branded her ` agent sumner ' and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot . the term describes the overthrow of governments in former soviet states , such as the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine .
detlef guenzel chopped polish-born wojciech stempniewicz into small pieces while listening to pop music before burying them in his garden . state attorneys had sought 10 and a half years in prison for the defendant , a trim , soft-spoken father of three whom neighbours described as friendly , generous and unfailingly polite .
former white house florist ronn payne retold in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion 's domestic staff . as he walked into the second-floor kitchen one day , he saw chelsea talking on the phone . ` oh , i 've got to go . the pigs are here , ' she told her phone pal , using a 1960s-era epithet for law enforcement . ` well , that 's what my mother and
a whopping six in ten full-time working brits are too busy to clean their homes . one in eight have n't vacuumed at all this year so far ; a fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before . other top ranking ` cleaning sins ' include leaving hair in the plug hole , only changing bed sheets once a month and letting exploded food in the microwave fester .
president barack obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health . while making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires , the president recalled his own child 's run-in with the disease as a toddler . ` well you know , malia had asthma when she was four , and because we had good health insurance , we were able to knock it out early , ' the president told abc news ' chief health correspondent , dr. rich
energy giant forced to pay # 7.75 million to citizens advice after it announced price rises in january 2013 and again in early 2014 . industry regulator ofgem found that e.on broke the rules by hitting tens of thousands of departing customers with a higher tariff in the days before their account was switched .
the pope has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east , africa and elsewhere . reflecting this concern , among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the way of the cross procession in the ancient arena were faithful from iraq , syria , nigeria , egypt and china .
more people in britain back fracking than are opposed to it , survey finds . anti-fracking environmental campaign group was accused of trying to bury inconvenient survey result . only 24 per cent of people said they supported fracking in department of energy and climate change public attitudes survey published in february .
the 12-tonne double decker bus broke down en route to stagecoach depot in dover , kent . unlucky driver was forced to ask passengers , colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand . group managed to roll the huge bus through the streets and on to the local depot .
martina olsson claims she slept with zayn while he was holidaying in thailand . the pair 's union could be compared to that of cheryl fernandez-versini and ashley cole . the x factor alumni twosome first got together in august 2011 but by august 2012 it was being reported that zayn had been filmed through the keyhole of a hotel room with another woman .
hannah brierley , 16 , thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat . she stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother , karen marriott , to come upstairs .
the yarnell hill fire killed 19 firefighters in june 2013 , the worst disaster of its kind since 1933 . attorney jon paladini claims the fire 's sole survivor , lookout brendan mcdonough , heard the leader of the granite mountain hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned . but first , he claims , crew supervisor eric marsh ordered it , while his deputy jesse steed warned against it . neither man is alive to verify it
barrick gold , which boasts that it is the world 's leading gold mining company , reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the us . one of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern enga province when she was raped in 2010 .
john mayer , russell brand and jennifer aniston are certain types of men women know are bad bets but fall for anyway . tracey cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart . have they spent the last decade on a therapist 's couch to have done some soul-searching .
ndrf was set up in the wake of the second world war , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states . today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored . at its height in 1950 , the ndrf consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in april last year .
april 2 is autism awareness day and autism assistance dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of ` animal therapy ' . an ` autism assistance dog ' is used to keep a child with autism safe and are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills and positive relationships . the dog can provide companionship for the child , as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and ` brightness ' to the household .
the one-year-old bully breed mix was hit by a car , clubbed in the head and left for dead in a ditch in washington state . days later , the dog , theia , showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm . now the dog that defied death is fostering at their home in moses lake , wash. .
the patent was filed by the california-based firm in march 2011 and awarded earlier this week . it details a method of scanning a user 's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position . if the scanned face matches a previously taken photo , the phone unlocks automatically . it is an extension of face unlock that launched on android ice cream sandwich .
police say akon guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children . the children 's sudanese mother , 35 , was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 toyota kluger when it crashed into the lake at wyndham vale in melbourne 's outer west just before 4pm on wednesday . the heartbroken father of three siblings who died has since spoken out to defend the siblings ' mother saying she is innocent as she is
researchers led by the university of montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements . during recovery periods between periods of exercise , it did n't matter what food was eaten . performance remained the same after resting for several hours , while levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ` fuel ' - were actually slightly higher .
a beanie believed to have belonged to luke shambrook has been found on the fourth day of the search . the 11-year-old , who is autistic , was reportedly seen walking near the devils river on sunday , four kilometres south of his campsite . police are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search for luke continues .
fossils of a creature bearing a ` striking ' similarity to depictions of nessie have been found in a 19th century collection . originally belonging to cromarty writer and geologist , hugh miller , the specimens now sit in in inverness museum and art gallery . he saw the resemblance and called for scientists to investigate the ancient creature .
the united states department of agriculture 's food safety and inspection service -lrb- fsis -rrb- revealed the recall on tuesday . the type of baby food being recalled is ` stage 2 beech-nut classics sweet potato & chicken ' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars . fsis has received no additional reports of injury or illness from consumption of these products .
the new 6.2 mile-stretch -lrb- 10 kilometres -rrb- means the full range of the qin dynasty great wall can be traced for the first time . nine sections of the wall have been found over the last two months along the inner coast of the yellow river in gansu province and the ningxia region .
danny eckhart was intoxicated , his former co-workers in st. tammany parish say , when he took the vessel out on the tchefuncte river and smashed it into pilings outside the t-rivers bar in madisonville . no one was injured in the crash .
luke lazarus , 23 , was jailed for at least three years on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father 's soho nightclub in may 2013 . lazarus hired back schwartz vaughan , a liquor licensing specialist law firm , who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction . in the victim 's impact statement , the woman said she will never be the same following the brutal attack .
labour leader accused of snubbing britain 's army of self-employed workers . prompted claims he was worried about upsetting party 's ` union paymasters ' . magazine of the respected association of independent professionals carries tributes . but david cameron , nick clegg , nigel farage and nicola sturgeon all feature .
residents in huddersfield , west yorkshire , began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn . neighbours have also reported issues with drains , streetlights , cracks in front doors , gaps between interior doors and a collapsed pipe . the family homes have four or five bedrooms and cost in the region of # 250,000 - in an area where the average property value is just over # 150,000 .
mike holpin , 56 , has fathered 40 children by 20 different women . the alcoholic benefits claimant still has a live profile on the site where he met his bride-to-be . holpin paints himself as a doting father , one of his many children has spoken out to confirm the feeling is not mutual .
children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory . researchers at the university of illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours . their performance was then compared with a food diary that the children had completed with the help of their parents .
aaron stringer , of the bakersfield , california , police department , reportedly said ` tickle tickle ' as he ran his fingers along the soles of ramiro james villegas , a 22-year-old whom officers killed the same day . stringer has been on paid administrative leave since it started investigating the chilling accusations in november .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull . he fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall . mr smith 's parents have paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a ` natural talent with children ' .
bae system 's typhoon is powered by two eurojet ej200 engines . it is 49ft -lrb- 15 metres -rrb- long from tip to tip and the material is ` no more than the thickness of a match stick ' . this helps its ` fly by wire ' computer system to accurately control the aircraft . this means the jet will be in ` near perfect alignment whatever the moon may be doing ' .
leza davies , 33 , believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence . then , in april 2012 , she was sorting out some washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size . she soon found out she was pregnant after finishing treatment . began six months of chemotherapy , followed by radiotherapy and is now in remission .
the test was set for 14-year-olds in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad . but the question went viral after people across the world were left completely baffled . the problem has been shared thousands of times online as people have tried to pose their best explanations of what at first appears to be an impossible question .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday , it was reported . they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health , officials said . it came after more details emerged of the colorful background of mrs costello 's late husband 's family , who were in dispute with her over the contents of his will .
sheldon silver , the former speaker of the new york state assembly , was charged in january for allegedly running a $ 7million ponzi scheme . his son-in-law marcello trebitsch , 37 , was accused of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading . the criminal complaint was filed by manhattan u.s. attorney preet bhahara , the same prosecutor who led the investigation into silver 's
chinese engineering graduate cheng chen , 27 , was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother . he spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to move 's measurements . the finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet , laser gloves and a power backpack .
the sainsbury 's app is in development and will be trialled in wandsworth later this year . as customers scan their household items , a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices . these prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale , or becomes part of a multi-buy deal for example . card details are stored securely on the app and payments can be made as soon as they have finished shopping .
frances clarkson , 53 , spent easter weekend with friends and family in barbados . she sunbathed and drove a jet ski . she has previously holidayed in area with the broadcaster but the pair are said to have lived apart for years . bbc announced last month they were dropping her from hit motoring show .
sam barton , 22 , has had # 55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like joey essex . says abuse online about his appearance also forced him to move house . yobs hurled six eggs at him before speeding off - leaving him with yolk and shell running down his face on the pavement .
amy wilkinson , 28 , claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit . but she was living in a home owned by her mother and partner . she was ordered to pay back a total of # 17,604 that she claimed over two years . wilkinson admitted two charges of dishonestly making false representations .
a wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to an unsuspecting wombat who invaded his personal space . shocked onlookers started filming the native pair at the wilsons promontory national park , in the gippsland region in southeast victoria . unlike this encounter , wallabies typically use their strong hind legs to deliver a powerful kick when they are feeling threatened .
the election means that half of the six-member city council in ferguson , a town where two-thirds of the 21,000 residents are black , will now be african-american . this just over one month after the department of justice released a report on the shocking culture of racism and abuse in the city . the lone black incumbent councilman , dwayne james , was not up for re-election .
ruth davison , director of policy and external affairs , has been leading campaign to prevent millions of people getting a real chance of owning their own homes . she is a member of her local labour party in islington , north london , neither has she revealed how comfortable her own house is .
of a randomly selected group of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment , just nine told daily mail online that the former secretary of state would make a good u.s. chief executive . hillary clinton 's detractors were far more passionate than her fans -- a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here in order to solidify her status as the democrats ' standard-bearer . ` just because she 's a woman does n
the phone , which belonged to bella crooke from melbourne , was handed in to albury police station on the nsw-victoria border on sunday morning . police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and puns on the woman 's facebook page . the original post had already garnered a humorous response from her friends and officers .
the hometown of stephanie scott has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher who was allegedly murdered on easter sunday . more than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies in the central west region of nsw on sunday morning . hundreds of yellow helium balloons were released in the town where the 26-year-old grew up and met her fiance aaron leeson woolley .
a quarter of mums polled said they sing songs from tv ads to send their babies to sleep , and a quarter of dads , somewhat unsurprisingly , turn to sport chants . ireland 's call topped the list for rugby enthusiasts , followed by swing low sweet chariot , while liverpool 's you 'll never walk alone proved popular for football-loving dads .
a study of 2.3 million parents has revealed that 7.35 am is the most hectic , frenzied time of the morning routine for australian families . sophie falkiner , australia tv presenter , model and mother of two , can testify to that . ` it 's crazy , in the mornings there is a million and one things to do - uniforms to be found , spelling tests to get done , ' she said .
oxford university doctors suggest not only do babies feel pain , but their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults . it overturns the medical consensus that newborns have a high pain threshold . in the first study of its kind , the researchers showed in brain scans that infants ' brains react in much the same way as adults when given even mild pain .
mother-to-be , whose name is injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother . since injaz was born , many more animals have been produced by genetic cloning , including one from a camel beauty pageant winner . scientists said cloning would help to preserve the genetics of the camel population .
lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door . with the door jammed , it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time . after more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps , boomer appears resting in the same position .
local campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of a crucial judicial review next month . they want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds . the promises were made against a tide of criticism likening the scheme more to a privately managed tourist landmark than a bridge .
mirreyes , which refers to individuals who enjoy ` ostentatious spending , exhibitionism and narcissism ' , are increasingly exposing the amount of wealth concentrated into a relatively small number of hands . they are often the sons and daughters of government officials , wealthy businessman and other members of mexican high society .
a 25-year-old man was left brain damaged as a baby after a blunder by doctors at the luton and dunstable hospital in september 1989 . he was readmitted three months later , suffering a serious brain haemorrhage . he now requires 24-hour care and will do for the rest of his life . judge michael yelton approved the # 7.3 million settlement to be paid by the nhs litigation authority .
nathan sellers went on the show with his ex , lia palmquist , and accused her of sleeping with the wu-tang clan during one night as she partied with them at a hotel . that would mean palmquist had sex with the rza , the gza , ghostface killah , masta killa , u-god , inspectah deck , raekwon , cappadonna and method man . palmquist admitted to partying with the clan , but denied that she
the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child could be born outside london for 85 years . st mary 's hospital in west london is the first choice of venue for the delivery . two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the duke leaves the capital .
last year hawaiian-born photographer dustin wong , 31 , abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company . faced with the rapid destruction of habitats through pollution and overpopulation , the photographer hopes his images will inspire the viewer with awe at the intricate and diverse world we live in .
the site told daily mail online that ` after review by our team , the campaign set up for officer slager was removed due to a violation of gofundme 's terms & conditions ' . slager , 33 , was terminated from the police force on wednesday . a separate fundraising campaign was started on site , indiegogo , titled the ` michael t. slager support fund ' and featured a picture of slager in his police uniform . as of thursday at 11am , it
robert durst , 71 , entered his plea during an arraignment in a new orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug . durst 's hands were shackled to his sides , and two defense attorneys lifted him from an armchair to his feet to walk to the podium . the weapons arrest has kept durst in california , where he 's charged in the december 2000 death of a
the ` screw ' measures an inch -lrb- 2cm -rrb- long and was collected by a ufo and paranormal research team called the kosmopoisk group . they claim that the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old . but more conventional scientists have not got a look at the object , so have had to base their speculation on grainy pictures posted online .
the incident happened after a meeting between afghan provincial leaders and a u.s. embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in jalalabad . nato confirmed one of its soldiers died in the attack , without providing the nationality of the slain soldier . the shooter was also killed in that incident .
a fake fundraising page has been set up requesting donations for stacey eden , a 23-year-old sydney resident . ms eden stood up for a middle-aged woman who was abusing brisbane couple hafeez and khalida bhatti on the airport line train on wednesday . her recording of the fiery incident went viral after being published by daily mail australia on thursday morning . the muslim couple 's mosque at holland park , br
the 58-year-old actress , who took a leave of absence from broadway play ` fish in the dark ' earlier this month , shared the news through a statement published by people magazine on tuesday . she explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week .
richard attenborough made his big-screen debut in the 1942 film in which we serve , and was still acting more than five decades later . one of the most prized items is the cane used by hammond in steven spielberg 's jurassic park , which is estimated to sell for # 700 .
john t. booker jr , 20 , was detained in manhattan , kansas , on friday morning and charged with multiple terror offenses . he is said to have targeted nearby fort riley and planned to use a 1,000 lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill ` people with power ' . a religious leader who had counseled the ` troubled ' young man said that he was mentally ill .
final book will be called the shepherd 's crown and will feature tiffany aching . the novel , which is based in the fictional realm of discworld , will go on sale in september . sir terry published his fist discworld novel , the colour of magic , in 1983 and went on to sell 85million books worldwide .
the adapted chair by sii deutschland beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the passenger comfort hardware award . sitting at one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat , the santo seat aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety . it would be a larger version of the aircraft chairs , meaning a wider passenger could comfortably and safety fit in the chair .
ramon c. estrada , 62 , was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died sunday at the prison in draper , utah . the technician or technicians involved worked for a university of utah hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison . four of them were treated , and one of the four remained hospitalized tuesday afternoon .
hillary clinton 's black chevy conversion van hit 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on interstate 89 , where the top speed limit is 65 . no one in the motorcade displayed flashing lights or blasted a siren . the home belongs to one of shaheen 's trusted aides .
firefighters rushed to the port in san pedro when passers-by heard cries for help . the family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on berth 73 when the vehicle , driven by the boys ' father , veered off the edge of the harbor . two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived , he said .
janet street-porter posted a picture on twitter with the caption ` just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing ! ' . both the press and the public routinely talk about politicians in less-than-flattering terms . the uk is home to a rich and raucous tradition of political satire , from 19th century caricaturists such as george cruikshank and james gillray .
hundreds of animal welfare complaints made after horse attempted to jump a black peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen . one animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf , dismounting a rider , after trying to scale the vehicle - a jump that could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs .
chloe pearsall , 26 , and nicole howley , 25 , committed acts of abuse at care home . colleagues joanne fisher , 36 , and barbara holcroft , 63 , sentenced to nine months each . judge sean enright said he had ` put aside his own personal revulsion ' to find ` just , proportionate sentence ' .
luke shambrook , 11 , was sitting alone on the side of a hill peering between trees in the fraser national park north-east of melbourne . he was found just before midday aest on tuesday in thick bushland off skyline road , eildon , 3km from the campsite . his parents tim and rachel were reunited with luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher .
four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on sydney harbour . the men - two 21-year-olds and a 25-year - collapsed on the vessel on good friday , forcing it to dock near the opera house . police said heir condition was critical overnight but they are now stable .
the dove grey suit was made by a viennese tailor that was once worn by ruthless nazi commander hermann goering . it is now expected to fetch # 85,000 when it goes under the hammer in plymouth , devon . goering was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer .
the 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called karola fabri . it seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from budapest to zurich . the discovery of the permit in the archives of budapest 's museum of fine arts is the latest twist in an increasingly fraught dispute between the tate and the descendants of the painting 's original owner .
feline family ties proved essential at a zoo in japan recently after a newly born white tiger cub fell in to a pool of water . born on january 25 and almost three months old , the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the tobu zoo in saitama prefecture .
the intrepid social media giants were sent by europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days . their breathtaking findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users . photographers included fedja salihbasic , who boasts 427,000 followers on instagram and hanni gharib who flew over .
researchers at rice university in houston have developed a new device , comfortably numb , to ease the pain of an injection . their invention numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin within 60 seconds . the trio , made up of computer scientist greg allison , bioengineer andy zhang and mechanical engineer mike hua , currently has a functioning prototype .
the hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion 's leaky roof . officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to mayor bill de blasio and his family , who will remain in the home during the renovation . the cost of removing the asbestos will be about $ 250,000 and the contract was awarded this week to regional management inc. .
the kazakhstani ministry of defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online . the pictures show the women in three set poses -- in military uniform , with weapons and in civilian clothing . they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by voters . the competition was also open to voters not only from krygystan , azerbaijan and russia .
the 26-year-old was hit in the leg when gunmen opened fire near his home in khost , eastern afghanistan . his son muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack , which chris says was the latest in a series of attempts to kill or kidnap him because of his time helping the british government .
couple appeared not to mind being in full view during their steamy encounter at the three bridges playing fields in crawley , west sussex . workers at an office block which overlooks the park said the pair , who were semi-naked , did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them during their sex session at 3.30 pm yesterday . photographs and videos of the unusual incident were quickly posted online and shared thousands of time .
lidos , which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration , are a good first port of call . tinside lido , plymouth , underwent a # 3.3 million restoration in 2003 and has been voted one of europe 's top 10 pools .
james bond would have died minutes into his last movie skyfall . medical experts watched the 23rd outing for ian fleming 's hero . bond is hit by a depleted uranium shell - an armour-piercing round normally used to destroy tanks that would almost certainly have killed the hero .
the university of michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the oscar-nominated drama american sniper over student complaints . the school tweeted out a statement saying the ` decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @umich places on freedom of expression ' . that tweet was linked to a statement by the school 's vice president for student life , acknowledging it was ` a mistake ' to call off the screening .
clare van santen , 37 , was told she had breast cancer at 15 weeks pregnant with her fifth child . she underwent a specific chemotherapy regime which had been found to have no negative impact on unborn children . the single mum-of-five has been told her cancer is now terminal . she is currently battling terminal breast cancer .
michelle schwab , 38 , charged with child endangerment after she allegedly dangled her son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure in cleveland metroparks zoo . she faces six months in jail and a $ 1,000 fine . the boy was rescued by his parents from the pit before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene .
evita nicole sarmonikas was admitted to hospital quirurgico del valle on march 20 while on holiday with her boyfriend , and died on the same day . the 52-year-old american woman was given a tummy tuck by dr victor ramirez , and began complaining of shortness of breath just five hours after her operation . yet the clinic associates refuse to change her bedding or help in any way . ms ornelas sister belinda munoz said
the salty dog 502 vehicle is one of two unmanned carrier air vehicle demonstrators -lrb- ucas-d -rrb- on the x-47b program . earlier today , the aircraft plugged its in-flight refuelling probe into the hose of an omega air kc-707 tanker off the coast of maryland . during the test , it trailed the omega air reflling 707 tanker from a mile off before using optical sensors and a video camera to monitor its approach to within
charlie speirs was found face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days . her husband eric isaiah adusah has been charged with her murder . the 30-year-old is a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher . ms speirs ' brother paul said that his sister had never touched drugs .
police are searching for a man charged with killing his wife at the dunkin' donuts in maryland where they both worked . patrons called police sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the business . the woman , 21-year-old palak bhadreshkumar patel of hanover , died at the scene .
john foran 's wife nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry . the # 2 ready meal was bought from an iceland foods store within the last two weeks . iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation into how the timber shard came to be in the curry .
j.b. silverthorn of orchard park , new york , got charged with a dui moments after being convicted for his first on monday . police say they repeatedly told him to not drive home from grand island town court after they noticed he ` smelled of alcohol ' . but the suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his car and pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies . he 's currently being held in the erie county jail with his bail set at $ 1
aaron hernandez was booked at mci cedar junction in walpole , massachusetts on wednesday after he was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of odin lloyd . he has n't set foot in the stadium since june 2013 , when he was arrested under suspicion of murdering lloyd , who was dating the sister of hernez 's fianceé .
ogzzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint . but an animal lover 's appeal for help led to a south african tech company stepping in to manufacture him a new leg . ozzie 's new 3d printed leg was designed in the shape and size of a goose leg to fit him perfectly .
google executives and employees donated more than $ 1.6 million to obama 's two white house campaigns , and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both . one result has been a coziness with the u.s. government 's executive branch that few other companies can match . there have even been allegations that google 's up-close-and-personal relationship with the west wing earned it a reprieve from what would have been an earth-shaking federal trade commission antitrust
the ` very blokey joke book ' by jake harris is available on amazon . contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends . shocked twitter users branded the joke ` horrific ' and ` staggeringly offensive ' . a picture of the offensive joke was first tweeted by media commentator tim doble .
the 58-year-old actress - who is married to actor tom hanks - tweeted : ' i am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you 're sending . thank you ' on tuesday , she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by people magazine . earlier this month , she revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and completed a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery .
the 36-year-old has been in a relationship with manchester city midfielder for fiver years . says building a bond with his children has been a careful , ` well-thought-out process ' . frank and christine are engaged to be married after meeting at the pride of britain awards five years ago .
a concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week . virginia 's portsmouth public schools say their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules .
a baby and three girls - aged three , six and eight - were trapped on a sandbank at blackpool beach while out walking during the school break . but when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble , those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help - instead they took out their smartphones to record the drama . lifeboats were deployed to transport the onlookers from the shore after they became trapped on the edge of the river thames .
the hbo drama is about to begin its fifth series , which has seen many of the female characters take leading roles . emilia clarke , who plays daenerys targaryen , has hinted that scheming cersei lannister may survive the ten episodes of season five . the sorceress melisandre has control over another claimant to the throne , stannis baratheon , and is bringing her magic to the wall .
jade ruthven , 33 , was so upset by the ` poison pen ' note that she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian em rusciano . the letter was sent to an ` baby spamming ' mother after the author got fed up with the amount of pictures and statuses she was writing on facebook . ms ruthven said they had got together with ' a few of the girls ' to say they are ` so over ' .
jeff the rabbit , who measures over four feet long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone , is officially the world 's biggest rabbit . but his title is now being contended by his son jeff , who already measures 3ft 8in - with six months left of growing to do .
amit yadav , 20 , was driving his red honda civic up to 25 miles over speed limit . he lost control and smashed into oncoming renault cleo in august 2013 . his two passengers - brothers haider , 20 and taimur kayani , 17 - from leytonstone , were killed . taimum was pronounced dead at the scene .
laurent stefanini , 55 , was in january asked by french president francois hollande to represent their country at the holy see . but the controversial appointment was met ` with a stony silence ' by the vatican , according to the french media . this is despite the fact that mr stefande worked as number two to french ambassador at the elysee between 2001 and 2005 .
german detectives have been ` closely monitoring developments ' in the # 60 million london case and are expected to make contact this week . in particular , they are keen to find out whether any dna was recovered from the scene of the easter weekend raid . the culprits behind the hatton garden raid may have carried out a similarly audacious burglary two years earlier in berlin .
blagojevich , 58 , was infamously caught trying to sell barack obama 's u.s. senate seat when he was elected president in 2008 . he was impeached and removed from office by the state legislature in 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges . the photos show the former governor sitting at a desk , reading a book and sitting outside in shorts and a wife beater shirt .
gao yu - named one of the international press institute 's 50 ` world press heroes ' - leaked a government document warning against the ` dangers ' of a free press . the ruling communist party named ` document number 9 ' to a hong kong media outlet . gao went missing last april and resurfaced on china 's state broadcaster .
the danish monarch was joined on the balcony by her sons , crown prince frederik , 46 , and prince joachim , 45 . the two were with her again for a procession down copenhagen shopping street strøget to the københavns rådhus -lsb- city hall -rsb- .
the unknown men , who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees ' heads , have threatened to kidnapping those at their targets and shoot police . authorities say that the robberies , most recently on april 10 , have become increasingly violent , with the thieves threatening kidnappings and saying they will shoot police if engaged .
the gypsy secretariat foundation , which are leading the campaign , are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies , also known as roma . the reference to a swindler -lrb- ` trapacero ' -rrb- was introduced late last year following complaints about the 22nd edition entry .
the fbi has cleared the tulsa county sheriff 's department in the fatal shooting of eric harris earlier this month . sheriff stanley glanz said the special fbi agent in charge of the state of oklahoma , jim finch , had informed him of the investigation 's results earlier that morning . glanz , who also said there were no civil rights violations in the incident .
nuku vanonyi cudjoe-calvocoressi , 41 , was head of politics at st george 's school in ascot . he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a 33-year-old female passenger . he has now been banned from teaching for at least five years .
the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today , hauling passengers between pickering and whitby . in scenes that harked back to a bygone age , the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three-day spring steam gala .
the system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys to let the children control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button . the toys include a long ` tail ' that swings from side to side when the user presses a button , and then watch on the tv as the animals react and play with them . the idaho firm behind the system has already installed its system in 10 animals shelters across the us , letting anyone play with cats via the system .
len barnes , 57 , has been cured of the severe bowel infection clostridium difficile after undergoing a faecal transplant . he lost his appetite and endured continuous pain . despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital , the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement .
the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers , or ` icann , ' sent a letter on thursday to the u.s. federal trade commission and canada 's office of consumer affairs to see if the actions of company vox populi registry ltd. were illegal . taylor swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from ' porn ' and ' . adult 's domains attacking her , cnbc reported .
researchers have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile daspletosaurus , which lived around 75 million years ago . some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs , despite t-rex being popularly depicted as a dangerous but dim-witted loner .
john travolta spoke to the tampa bay times while promoting his upcoming film the forger . he said his decades of personal experience in the organization have been nothing but positive -- nothing like the blackmailing , physically abusive cult portrayed in the film . he then spoke for the only celebrity whose dealings with scientology get more screen time in going clear than his own , tom cruise .
jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east . now twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .
a savannah baby and a baby in atlanta has been awarded $ 1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw before even turning 10-hours-old . the donation , made by path2college 529 plan , is given to the first child born each year on tax day at memorial university medical center . this is the second year for the tax day baby celebration .
rachelle friedman was pushed into a pool in may 2010 . she broke her neck , she was instantly paralyzed from the neck down . as paramedics rushed around her , friends wept , and her fiancé frantically phoned from three hours away . rachelle and chris chapman will welcome their baby girl into the world on april 18 thanks to an old friend who asked them to let her be their surrogate .
a guard at the u.s. census bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died thursday as part of what began with a suspect kidnapping his own wife at gunpoint . authorities locked down the suitland , maryland campus just before 8pm thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself somewhere inside after ramming the front gates . the shooter instead taken three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into d.c. that ended when officers shot him on a busy northeast
jeffrey walker told jurors that the philadelphia police department drug squad targeted ` white college-boy , ... khaki-pants types ' who were ` easy to intimidate ' . walker , 46 , said police brass applauded the drug squad because they made big arrests that made them look good . he said he first stole money as a uniformed patrolman when he chased a dealer into a house and spotted a large bag of cash on top of the refrigerator .
the offender snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask , is described as being ` very tall ' . he made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday , stuff.co.nz reports . police were reportedly called to the union st dairy , in east christchurch at about 12.30 pm , after receiving reports of a masked man demanding cash from the owner 's daughter .
four out of ten british muslims partly blame mi5 and police for radicalising young jihadis who then flee the country to join isis . eight per cent agreed they had ' a lot of sympathy ' for the likes of jihadi john . one-third felt they are viewed with suspicion by non-muslims .
a report on the threat posed by australian foreign fighters has blamed the abbott government 's troubled relations with the muslim community . the report says the large number of australians fighting in syria and iraq represents a ` serious national security threat ' . it comes just a day after the death of melbourne model-turned-jihadist sharky jama . the department of foreign affairs was unable to confirm sharky 's death as its capacity to do so was ` extremely
psychological therapy -lrb- mbct -rrb- is a growing movement based on ancient traditions of meditation . it teaches people to focus on the present moment , has similar recurrence rates as anti-depressants , a study found . over two years , relapse rates were 44 per cent in the medication group .
the records include certificates showing what he received , job evaluation reports and weapons training records dating to 2008 . bates ' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records bates , of tulsa , copied and kept for himself . he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the april 2 incident .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , told raleigh 's wral-tv on wednesday that he had killed a gay college supervisor because he made sexual advances towards his 16-year-old brother . in a telephone interview from a daytona beach jail , lane was in the proposal to try to take advantage of his brother . a police spokesman did not immediately return a phone message on thursday about that allegation .
the hop theory ` beer-bag ' contains a blend of hops , fruit peels and natural spices . promises to turn lager into ` craft beer ' after just two minutes of steeping . despite nearly reaching its crowd-funding target , the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading .
caretakers of abraham lincoln 's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in national geographic magazine and looming budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site . for the state that calls itself the ` land of lincoln , ' the timing of a ceremony wednesday in springfield to mark his death is awkward because illinois faces a financial crisis and gov. bruce rauner has proposed eliminating the state historic preservation agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently
harvey weinstein 's wife georgina chapman , 38 , has been pictured for the first time this week looking forlorn amid allegations her husband apologized to a 22-year-old model . but as he fights to throw out the allegations , the new york daily news reports that police overheard a phone call between battilana and weinstein in which she confronted him . he said : ` it wo n't happen again ' .
damon muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with juvenile dermatomyositis -lrb- jdm -rrb- in november . the disease has robbed damon , from gladstone in central queensland , of the ability to run , ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun . jdm effects and limits movement in the muscles closest to the trunk of damon 's body , including his thighs , hips , chest ,
abu sayyaf militants posed as policemen abducted mr rodwell from his home in the philippines by gunpoint on december 5 , 2011 . he was released in march 2013 when his family managed to raise a ransom . despite an official from the attorney-general 's department lauding his courage and referring a petition from him to mr abbott 's office , the kidnapping victim is sceptical it will see action .
anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , has been missing since march 2 . she was on a break from longwood university in farmville , virginia . the remains were found outside a residence in franklin on thursday morning . the fbi is now involved in the investigation .
lexy wood , 13 , told rebecca boyd that she is 'em barrassed ' by the way she acted when she disrupted a screening of cinderella in bessemer , alabama . she and her step-sister were said to have been ` rude and obnoxious ' throughout the film . mrs wood was mortified when she heard about the encounter from her son and said ` it was a hard pill to swallow , but i knew they were n't raised that way ' .
nick robinson returned to tv screens last night with his voice still recovering . but he expressed hopes he would be fit again in time to cover ` the election proper ' . tories ' manifesto is unveiled today and liberal democrats ' on wednesday . mr robinson , 51 , has been sent an outpouring of good wishes .
al qaeda-linked networks have altered their tactics since leaks . extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications . evidence of the harm done to intelligence agencies across the world . henry jackson society has found that at least three al qaeda affiliates are known to have altered communications by gathering internet histories , emails , text and call records .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , appeared emotionless as the verdict was read in the death of her son garnett-paul spears . the boy 's father , chris hill , was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife 's sentence ; ` please put her in general population ! thats all im asking for ! ' . as the conversation continued on his facebook page the father , who said he was tired of crying over the loss of his boy , stated
marcel hirscher slalomed in and out of poles filled to the brim with coloured , biodegradable powder . the skier teamed up with the red bull media house and starelation to create the unusual stunt . the process involved 11 cameras , a specially-enhanced slope , and three days to set up .
hanan , 19 , was snatched from her family , suffered regular beatings and taken to a warehouse in mosul , iraq , where hundreds of women were lined up and hand picked by jihadist militants . she told cnn 's arwa damon the girl told them she had been beaten , handcuffed and raped and their captors warned they would soon suffer the same fate . hanan is now recovering at the shariya refugee camp in dohuk iraqi kurdistan , where
mike lane , 40 , who is joint master of the tedworth hunt , was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes last night . he was admitted to hospital with concussion and broken teeth and his face was swollen . wiltshire police have dropped an investigation pending further information .
xiao zhengti was born with a congenital liver disease meaning he needed his first transplant at just nine months old . mother yang haiying donated part of her liver to try and save her son . but his body rejected the organ , leading to years of trips to hospital . father xiao kunqing was allowed to donate 40 per cent of his liver yesterday .
stone age man ate mushrooms as part of their diet in the el mirón cave in cantabria , spain . remains are thought to belong to a 35-year-old woman who was buried around 18,700 years ago . radiocarbon dating suggests a full skeleton was placed towards the rear of the cave .
james ritchie was voted into the job at the tasmanian university union . despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description , the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition . the university 's women 's collective had launched a petition on the website change.org to have mr ritchie removed from his role .
11-year-old alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an mri scan . owner lynne edwards said she only realised something was wrong when he started refusing food and found puss oozing from his back . she then took him to a local vet , where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns in his back , leaving him with severe burns .
the carnival spirit , outside sydney harbour and riding a constant flow of smashing waves of more than nine metres . they have been at the mercy of the wild seas since last night , as storms batter the east coast . the ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the nsw coast .
the government are about to annouce reforms that will strip parents of welfare benefits if they do n't immunise their kids . children must be immunised to access childcare payments , however , a ` contentious loop hole ' means parents can avoid loosing their benefits by simply signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on ` personal , philosophical or religious ' reasons .
capybara joejoe lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy . the capybara has almost 60,000 instagram followers and his twitter account boasts over 1,000 likes . the large rodent sits perfectly still while three energetic ducklings stand on its head and body .
there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year . three people killed in australia and south africa . only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans , with great white , bull and tiger sharks accounting for the vast majority of attacks . reunion has recorded seven fatal shark attacks in the past five years , more per capita than anywhere else in the world .
the first contestant to press his buzzer was tom , a freemason , who inexplicably answered : ` what is the age of consent ? ' . it is n't unheard of for game show contestants to give embarassingly incorrect answers when under the pressure to buzz first , but tom 's answer must have left things feeling slightly awkward in the tv studio .
jack jordan , 23 , proposed to girlfriend laura cant last christmas from hospital bed while suffering from leukaemia . the pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant , which they hoped would have given them a bright future together . last week mr jordan was given the news that he was too ill to undergo the transplant and has just weeks to live .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily , 14 , were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday . they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health , officials said . iona 's husband george costello sr. died from a heart attack in 2012 .
new book by former education journalist david turner lays bare the little-known history of public schools . winchester college experienced six full-scale rebellion in the 18th and 19th centuries - one over beer rations . a student at winchester practices fencing : students used swords , axes and gunpowder in their rebellions .
the couple 's 10-year wedding anniversary will air on abc friday at 10pm . letourneau , 34 , pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student , which resulted in two pregnancies . audrey fualaau was born while her mother was out on probation .
a guest house inspired by jrr tolkien 's fictional tales is attracting devoted followers of the book and film franchise . set in a remote valley in the north-west corner of the state , the shire of montana gives guests the chance to live like bilbo baggins . at 1,000 square feet , the underground house one king bedroom and a smaller guest room , plus custom-made wooden furniture .
the retired midnight oil lead singer is listing his victorian terrace in randwick in sydney 's affluent eastern suburbs . the three bedroom terrace is set over two levels with a beautiful tiled courtyard at the rear of the home , bathed in sunlight and perfect for entertaining . the property was bought by garrett for $ 932,500 in 2010 while he was the minister for environment protection , heritage and the arts .
warner bros and dc entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as dc comics superheroes within 24 hours . the april 18 event kicked off in queensland , australia , with a celebration at the movie . it ended in style in los angeles , california , at the hollywood & highland center .
taronga zoo 's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on friday . the prodigious pumpkins displayed at this year 's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the asian elephants . the 728kg monster was the biggest pumpkin to ever grace a sydney royal easter show .
elijah cook was born in coon rapids , minnesota , on january 2 . tests confirmed he was profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right . he will now undergo a more serious set of tests in a few months , at about seven-months-old .
xue feng returned to his family in houston , texas , on friday following his release from beijing 's no. 2 prison . the 50-year-old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior . supporters said xue was physically abused in detention and denied proper legal rights .
matthew hall , 25 , climbed onto balconies in manchester 's northern quarter district and hid , asking when confronted ` am i scaring you ? ' and ` you 're dead sexy - can i come in ? ' . in one case he walked into his victim 's bedroom as she slept in the early hours , making off when she switched the light on and saw him . hall now risks arrest if he enters the area , where each of his terrified victims lived , at any time
suddenly , at the age of 34 and after 15 years of hoping for the exact opposite , we were financially secure and after editing a weekly magazine in new york for four stressful years , i was ready to resign and focus on building a family . eleven months later , when my body was still not doing what i demanded , i got depressed , stressed and scared . when i 'd wail impatiently to russell as month after month after my abdomen in pain as my period started , filled
the los angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations . the retailer announced on it 's website that it ` no longer have store locations ' while reminding customers that its ` online store offers the same selection of products ' as a company , i think they became old and stale ' .
jay kantaria , 38 , had been looking forward to his daughter 's birthday party . but he leapt onto the tracks at his local station of sudbury hill , london . coroner recorded an open verdict on the cause of death , saying there was ` doubt ' as to his intention when he jumped .
alex perry revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week . the designer revealed he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' . despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of mbfwa , perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row .
sarah wilson opened up in a candid interview about her personal battle with mental illness . she said anxiety drove her to believe she had reached a stage in her life where she ` could n't see the existential point of continuing ' . ms wilson said she now accepts she is an ` anxious person ' .
jean wabafiyebazu , 17 , and his 15-year-old brother marc , were brought to a sudden halt on march 30 when a drugs raid went wrong . marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder . investigators are learning more about the gangster lifestyle they led - despite attending top private schools bankrolled by their mother .
the inflatable , nicknamed ba di doll , has appeared at wanda plaza commercial complex in eastern china 's nanjing city . her chest is a ball pit , slide and climbing area , and there is also an area for youngsters to test their climbing skills and play on a slide . the doll , which has green hair and pink lips , can be entered through the right heel and exited via the left .
david etzel , 36 , of palm beach county , florida -- who weighs 385 pounds and stands 6-foot-8 -- is accused of biting his mother 's 10-pound shih tzu named cujo . the dog 's owner michele etzel told deputies the injuries were comparable to being hit by a vehicle or attacked by another dog . etzel was being held on $ 10,000 bail .
the republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host hugh hewitt on tuesday that they 'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in colorado and washington . ` marijuana is a gateway drug , ' christie said , citing an ` enormous addiction problem in this country ' . rubio said he believes in states ' rights - but laws created by the federal government legally supersede those of the states .
the 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives . however , when it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting judge refrained from making roberts answer . the only giveaway that he was one of the top judges in the land and part of the judiciary branch of us government was the two security staff he brought with him .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina on thursday . he is accused of shooting 44-year-old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south . he initially denied a court-appointed attorney , saying he knew he 'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss .
the national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted , in its revised publication on marijuana , that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients . cannabis can kill cancer cells and shrink one of the most serious types of brain tumours , new advice reveals . scientists are exploring the chemicals in marijuana - cannabinoids - which contain cannabinoid chemicals .
riley carey learnt the popular song at preschool and was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom , jessica . she starts by confidently singing : ` four little ducks went out to play , over the hills and far away ' . but as the rhyme continues - and the number of ducks returning to their mother decreases - her eyes begin to fill with tears .
ashley pegram , 28 , left her summerville , south carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service kik on april 3 . her sister , brandy chance , reported her missing the next day and went through her kik account where she found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year-old emoney bonilla . but when she spoke with him , it emerged he was actually a 30-year old man , edward primo bon
christine lillico , 47 , from heddon-on-the-wall , northumberland , was trusted with looking after her elderly parents ' bank accounts as their health deteriorated with age . but instead of using the money to care for john and audrey air she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle . by the time her fraud was discovered she had stolen a total of # 78,000 .
passengers and flight attendants from around the globe have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits . they include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger 's head , rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms while others are taking up more space than necessary .
kevin carr , 34 , from woolacombe , devon , has become the fastest man to run around the world despite being attacked by bears . he ran more than a marathon a day for almost two years , crossing 26 countries and getting through 16 pairs of shoes . mr carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days .
the 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car . a few days later , her vision became blurred , a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina . opthalmologist mohit gupta scanned the patient 's retina using a relatively new technique known as optical coherence tomography .
haley fox , 24 , of oregon , allegedly fractured 26-year-old samuel campbell 's skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday . she has been charged with first-degree assault . fox and campbell had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online .
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane on saturday . inhabitants of the scottish cathedral town have gone into overdrive for wedding of their most famous resident . since the wimbledon champion announced his plans to say ' i do ' at the cathedral , there have also been plans to line the streets with well-wishers .
the photography competition was designed to illustrate the northern territory 's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes . locals describe the amateur competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer . the winner of the ` industry at work or play ' category goes to jacynta coffey for her stunning shot titled sunrise draft .
lawrence phillips , who was jailed in 2005 , is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in san diego and driving his car into three teens after a pickup football game . on monday , prison officials revealed he is suspected of killing damion soward , a 37-year-old inmate from san bernardino county serving 82 years to life for a first-degree murder conviction . soward was found lifeless on saturday morning in the cell he shared
andrew ` drew ' butler , 25 , ` shot mother-of-three kendra gonzalez from passenger seat in san jose , california , in front of couple 's two-year-old son and her teenage daughter ' . after vehicle stopped , butler got out and dragged her body from driver 's seat and left it on the road .
ashton wood raised $ 18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car . during a failed settlement between the manufacturer , fiat chrysler automobiles ' jeep and mr wood , one of the requests made by the car company was for the buyer to publish an ` apology ' . however , because no one would publish the apology , he will instead read it out on the abc 's ` the checkout ' tonight .
joelison fernandes da silva , 28 , developed gigantism as a child and his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying . but true happiness eventually found the shy brazilian - who has come to be known as ` the gentle giant ' - in the form of evem medeiros , a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online .
hilary wilson , 41 , was technically dead for 11 minutes during her son 's birth . she woke up four days later with no idea that she had been pregnant . when she saw a picture of her new baby wearing her children 's hand-me-downs that she realised he was her son . the mother-of-three has defied the odds and made a remarkable recovery .
mohammad qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30 pm on saturday . the assistant secretary general of the jamaat-e-islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the pakistani army in the 1971 independence war . but the move has been slammed by the man 's supporters , who have called for a nationwide general strike .
amy murray , 23 , rowed with fellow cinema-goers during screening . argument broke out while drunkenly gesturing with her hand . police were called to the century cinema in clacton-on-sea , essex , on february 18 just before the end of the film .
ana granucci davis gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence davis on tuesday , three days after her husband died . mr davis , head chef at the kitchen , was walking on central avenue to a parking garage when he was fatally struck by 25-year-old jason lanard mitchell . the driver and his passenger , rayvorris altuan oliver , 27 , fled the scene following the crash . mitchell faces several charges including dui manslaughter ,
samantha griner from jacksonville , florida , set up a gofundme page to raise the $ 75,000 her husband , justin , needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications . by tuesday afternoon , the page had raised more than $ 38,000 of the goal .
billy thompson was last seen on saturday at sugar bear 's home in mcintyre , georgia , where mama june 's daughter jessica was preparing to go to prom . since then billy has n't been seen and he is n't returning any phone calls or texts . the family 's popular reality show , here comes honey boo boo , was cancelled by tlc after photos emerged of shannon spending time with convicted child molester mark mcd
marianne power attended robbins ' unleash the power within seminarwhich claims to ` discover how to identify what it is you really want ' . she said : ` for the past two hours we have spent the past half-an-hour being told what we need to do to avoid hospitalisation ' .
julian clarke was peppered with questions from greens senator christine milne about why the australian newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable . mr clarke defended the newspaper as the ` finest national newspaper operating in australia ' . he also rejected allegations recently published by fairfax media alleging $ 4.5 billion had been siphoned from mr murdoch 's operations to the united states virtually tax free .
tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's instagram feed - and allow users to see more . the firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their instagram user name in their profile . tinder has also used facebook to boost its ` mutual friends ' feature .
austin carey , 23 , and jay rawe , 25 , plummeted onto a riverbank when their parachutes tangled at the perrine bridge , idaho , and were left badly injured . but a year later , after intensive recovery , both men have returned to the sport they love - and mr carey has even retraced his steps to successfully jump from the bridge .
warning : graphic content . six men accused of exploding car bomb in syrian city of al-mayadin . they are all marched to wooden stump and instructed to kneel . islamic state militant carries out brutal retaliation by taking heads off . one by one , alleged soldiers are paraded in front of men and boys .
ukip-commissioned poll leaked to the mail on sunday shows nigel farage has fallen behind his tory opponent in the kent seat he is contesting . if the poll is accurate , it could end farage 's political career as he has vowed to resign as ukip leader if he fails to win south thanet .
former air hostess , 63 , won # 14.5 m london mansion from ` immensely wealthy ' 90-year-old saudi arabian ex-husband . property was one of five properties which the successful property developer bought during the couple 's 14-year marriage . but after their divorce , the woman - who did not have any financial input into the properties - moved into the townhouse . she claimed her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes was one of
dr arye shimron says he has ` confirmed ' the existence and authenticity of a tomb belonging to jesus and his son in jerusalem 's east talpiot neighbourhood . after extensive chemical tests , an expert claims to have linked the james ossuary -- a 1st-century chalk box that some believe hold the bones of the dead -- to the long disputed ` jesesus family tomb ' . the research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that jesus
the retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in consumer reports ' annual survey . as it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine , walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce . however , it was noted for its better-than-average prices .
stars , buyers and fashion editors in the ` frow ' are often showered with gift bags stuffed with treats from the show sponsors . the maticevski show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia went above and beyond to impress guests . a few of the highly-prized gifts went missing when someone with sticky fingers decided to snap them up for themselves .
sarah foot says her affair with open water began on hampstead heath after a local swimming pool closed down . most of the time this means municipal pools from which i emerge reeking of chlorine and praying i 've avoided verrucas . despite the greyness , the downright bleakness of the north sea here , i 'm in heaven .
the model contains more than 30,000 figures , and illustrates all the key moments of the battle which allowed the duke of wellington to defeat napoleon 's forces . it was built in the 1970s , but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the battle 's bicentenary .
researchers at ucla examined the brains of 90 women , 44 of whom took the pill , and 46 who experienced natural cycles . they found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the pill . meanwhile , the posterior cingulate cortex governs the ` internal state ' .
martynas kupstys , 26 , spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from lincoln prison after staff told him he was free to go in august 2014 . the killer was on trial at the time for the murder of ivans zdanovics along with his brother-in-law andrus giedraitis . both men were this week jailed for life following the murder in gainsborough , lincolnshire .
hassan munshi and talha asmal believed to have traveled to syria after heading to turkey on march 31 . hassan is supposedly related to hammaad munshi , who was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 back in 2006 . he was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-muslims .
for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28 . the drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream , milk chocolate sauce , graham crackers , coffee , milk and ice .
izzat ibrahim al-douri died in fighting with government troops in salahuddin province , north of baghdad on friday . his body was delivered to the ministry of health as crowds gathered to get a closer look at the ` king of clubs ' . he was ranked sixth on the us military 's list of the 55 most-wanted iraqis after the offensive to overthrow saddam .
silvia , star of the series my extraordinary pregnancy , suffered from pica , an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances . in the discovery tv show that followed silvia throughout her pregnancy , she is seen picking up tiny rocks from out side of her house , saying : ' i feel ashamed but i have to do it ' .
mother-of-two elisha wilson beach posted the image on instagram . the image has been liked more than 25,000 times on facebook . it has divided those who 've seen it with many criticizing the mother for her unapologetic approach to multi-tasking . the snap has divided the internet community with much of the online furore focused around hygiene .
margaret tyler , 71 , has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years . she now boasts a collection worth # 10,000 , including one dedicated to princess diana alone . mother-of-four says she has no plans to stop collecting and describes it as ' a labour of love ' .
a warning for a tsunami as big as one metre -lrb- three feet -rrb- forecast to hit islands in japan 's far south . national broadcaster nhk said waves were possible on several islands in the southern okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on yonaguni in the southwest . witnesses said buildings swayed in taipei but there was no visible damage in the taiwan capital .
stephanie scott 's body was found by police in cocoparra national park , north of griffith , nsw , on april 10 . the 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace , leeton high school . school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder .
major-general alastair duncan is in a psychiatric unit following a post traumatic stress disorder episode four months ago . his wife ellen said it was ` extraordinary ' the mod continued to prescribe lariam before a deployment to sierra leone . the drug has been heavily discredited by the country 's medicine watchdog .
fight broke out on rubber dinghy carrying more than 100 african migrants from libya to sicily , italian police said in a statement . survivors said they had boarded a rubber boat on the libyan coast on april 14 , which had 105 passengers aboard . during the crossing , a fight broke out over religion , with the group of muslim passengers threatening the nigerians and ghanaians after the latter declared themselves to be christians .
christy mack , 23 , claims boyfriend jonathan paul koppenhaver , 33 , became abusive months into their one-year relationship , which started fast . mack was in hospital fighting for her life , with 18 broken bones , a ruptured kidney , missing teeth , and a fractured rib . now , nine months later , she has to wear a wig and glasses .
jim murphy , its scottish leader , and douglas alexander are among those on course to lose their seats . nationalists are also set to wipe out the liberal democrats in scotland , with even charles kennedy now 15 points behind in his highlands constituency .
the admiral kuznetsov , russia 's largest aircraft carrier , came up with the novel idea to help keep the deck clear of debris which poses a major risk to jet planes taking off and landing . debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet engines , so crew are usually required to do manual sweeps of the deck .
duchess of cambridge visited snettisham farm park , norfolk , yesterday . she was helped by his mother , her prominent bump hidden beneath what appeared to be william 's green barbour coat . anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years as william focuses on family and his new flying career .
swan come dine with me ice cream & gelato maker , # 49.99 , argos.co.uk . the removable bowl has to be frozen for eight hours before you put it back in the machine , then add the mixing arm , pop on the lid , and turn it on .
the two continents are linked at least 3 million years ago . before the isthmus of panama rose from the sea by tectonic and volcanic action , the central american seaway linked the atlantic to the pacific as one great ocean . north america broke apart from europe and headed on a gradual collision course with south america .
cruz implied during a conversation with daily mail online on saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he would n't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana . the position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his gop competitors , who last week said that while they believe in states ' rights to self-determination , they 'd lay the hammer down on colorado and washington for flouting federal law . cruz said this weekend he believes states have
deborah , 43 , lanarkshire . described her naturally curly hair as a ` frizz nightmare ' . home colouring has left it dry and out of condition . she is not alone . taming frizzy hair can be a constant battle . deborah : ` if i am doing it , however , it 's so hard to control and so quick to go frizzy ' .
scientists at the rockefeller university in new york believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an hiv vaccine . the antibody was designed by researchers to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells . as a result patients injected with the neutralising antibody during the trials saw a 300-fold reduction in their viral load .
criminals deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold ppi , or they lied about not being able to trace documents . labour 's john mann said those who falsified documents could be guilty of fraud or forgery which cheated people out of compensation .
brian and joan ogden , from wigan , had been out to eat and were on their way back into the hotel don pancho when the organised pair collaborated to take a wallet . cctv footage from the hotel shows the thief in a purple top reaching into the pocket of mr ogilden , 80 , while her accomplice attempts to block the view of mrs orgden , 78 . but they were n't to be fooled .
vlad tarasov could n't resist filming himself ski down the slopes at boston 's largest snow farm located in the city 's seaport district . the one-minute video gives a first-person perspective of pushing through the filthy , trash-filled ice pile that served as a dumping ground for the snow . the city had to pay volunteers $ 30 an hour to help dig out the battered city .
officers used a device called hailstorm , which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away . police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people . details resemble the original plot of hbo 's the wire , the crime drama based in the same city , which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers .
roman abramovich has bought tel aviv 's varsano hotel for # 17.1 m . the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square metres . it consists of a main building with a large lobby , dining room and two studio suites . the purchase includes an adjacent car park , which is already zoned for .
deputy pm said there was a ` very real danger ' ukip and northern ireland 's dup could hold mr cameron to ` ransom ' in the event of a second hung parliament . comes after mr farage held out an olive branch to the prime minister last night as he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible labour government .
judy , who 's emmy-winning show was recently renewed , revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home , she does n't keep any of the in the bedroom . but her salty husband and fellow judge jerry chimed in to dispute her claim .
new york mayor bill de blasio said on sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message , and that he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality . as campaign manager for clinton 's successful 2000 senate run , he also said he would say this about any candidate -- until i see an actual vision of where they want to go . ' -lrb- a plan -rrb- has to include the willingness to tax the wealthy so we can invest in education again
the kite , dubbed ` centipede with a dragon 's head ' , was set to fly at the wulong international kite festival last saturday in chongqing . but chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon-themed kite could not be flown , and the team were forced to fly only half of it .
the 29-year-old actress made the admission in a new psa for the center of reproductive rights , an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom . jemima says she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure , and even then she could not afford anesthesia .
jondrew megil lachaux , 39 , an ex-convict and kellie cherie phillips , 38 , have been arrested on felony charges . the unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services . police in north las vegas are continuing to probe what they have described as a three-generation case of child abuse involving the girl 's mother .
polish foreign minister grzegorz schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled . comey 's comments are particularly offensive to poles not only because they had no role in running auschwitz and other death camps where jews were murdered during the war , but because they were themselves victims of the third reich .
izaak gillen of oregon city was taken to randall children 's hospital on april 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day . detectives began investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and concluded he was at the babysitter 's house when he sustained a skull fracture . no arrests have been made and investigators are still looking into what led up to izaak 's injury .
researchers studied 40 million posts by 1.7 millions users on news site cnn.com , political news site breitbart.com and gaming site ign.com . the researchers divided users into those most likely to be banned , called future-banned users , and other users dubbed never banned users . within these communities members that repeatedly violate community guidelines can be banned either temporarily or permanently .
dr sahar hussain , 53 , panicked when she was unable to get through gates . she denied assaulting the two workers , saying she was worried about being stranded on her own in central london because she is a muslim woman . but she has now been found guilty and ordered to pay a total of # 2,250 in fines , compensation and court costs .
desirece cottage in dormans park near east grinstead has been lovingly upheld to how its first owners intended it in the 19th century . with wood paneling on indoor ceilings and a large veranda at its front , the unique property is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country . it has gone on the market for # 985,000 , with historians eager to put it forward for listing to further protect its heritage .
dutch-led team also found personal possessions including jewellery . in all , 16 containers of fragments of the malaysia airlines plane were filled so far this week . finds came several days after mailonline revealed how possibly key evidence and personal possessions were left lying in fields so long after a crash which shocked the world .
emma dickson , 31 , thought she would be planning her wedding to fiance dougie , 26 . but ended up talking to him about her funeral when she was rushed to hospital with a collapsed lung , which developed from complications caused by the contraceptive pill . she had two blood clots in her lungs , which led to a condition which caused her left lung to collapse - just a month before she was due to get married .
irishman barry lyttle has been charged with grievous bodily harm . he was pushed by his brother , patrick , during a sentence hearing on wednesday . the brothers , who had only been reunited for a holiday in australia for a matter of days , are seen chatting jovially and patting each other on the back affectionately . barry could spend up to two years in a sydney jail .
geologist dr danny hilman believes that a site in west java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago . the megalithic site of gunung padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in indonesia . it is nestled among volcanoes , banana palms and tea plantations , at 2,903 ft -lrb- 885 metres -rrb- above sea level some 75 miles
immerse virtual reality headset is available from firebox for # 29.95 -lrb- $ 45 -rrb- . it works with any android and ios phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores , and will play any 3d movie or virtual reality movie . the maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches , which means it will work with the iphone 6 plus , but not the 6 plus for example . immerse
the homeless period campaign shines a spotlight on the plight of women living on the streets who do n't have access to proper sanitary care . the team behind the campaign , oliver frost , josie shedden and sara bakhaty , wrote hard-hitting messages on cardboard boxes . among the cardboard placards held up are the words : ` why does a woman have to rip up a cloth put between her to protect herself from bleeding ? ' .
clark elmore was convicted of killing kristy ohnstad in bellingham in 1995 . he said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child . elmore is the second-longest serving inmate on the state 's death row . he eventually admitted killing her in a graphic taped confession .
obama said likely republican presidential candidate scott walker may change his ` foolish ' position on a deal with iran ` after he 's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy ' . walker fired back at obama on twitter , saying , ` americans would be better served by a president who spent more time working with governors & congress rather than attacking them ' .
photographs taken from behind the bar at terminal bar , a 41st street and 8th avenue watering hole open until 1982 show a side of times square that has disappeared in the glare of coca cola advertisements . sheldon nadelman , 80 , who worked at the bar from 1973 to 1982 , would meet and photograph the women as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets .
ashya king was being treated in southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled abroad without telling staff last year . they ignored medical advice and took him to prague for proton beam therapy , ultimately paid for by the nhs trust . after fleeing the uk , the kings were arrested in spain and spent several nights in custody after an international arrest warrant was issued against them .
margo sanchez and stephanie adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade . the intrepid divers from san diego , california , have made it their life mission to travel the world to take snaps with everything from turtles , puffer fish to sting rays .
more than half -lrb- 58 per cent -rrb- of countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day . other countries that wake-up grumpy on tuesdays include singapore , spain , south africa and brazil . other insights from this data include that the best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a wednesday night .
the volkswagen westfalia camper is about to get greener because the bus will be reborn as an electric vehicle . dr heinz-jakob neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle 's floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels . he did n't give any specific design details away , but said that the new version will share at least three key features with the camper .
veteran airman andrew danziger claims to have seen a ufo flying through the sky . he said the ufo initially appeared as a white disc before changing into a ` giant red ball ' . the aviator , who has 28 years of cockpit experience , said the alien aircraft glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing below the clouds .
charlotte bevan had come off risperidone -- a powerful drug used to treat illnesses including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder - before her daughter zaani was born late last year . four days after the birth , the 30-year-old walked out of bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms .
american expat brad reynolds is tripadvisor 's most active user with 66,000 contributions in just five years . the 38-year-old , who now lives in hong kong , gave a five-star review of ` amazing ' pushkar , india after attending its camel fair . posting under the username bradjill , brad averages nearly two reviews a day .
aaron hernandez is facing a second murder trial in a 2012 drive-by shooting that left two men dead and a third wounded . earlier today , the 25-year-old athlete was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd .
stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter ` bullying ' the sydney commuter on an airport line train . ms eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to muslim couple 's defence with a fiery spray notably absent any swearing . a police spokeswoman contacted daily mail australia on thursday to say they would ` definitely encourage ' witnesses of the incident to come forward .
the groom 's brother was caught on camera firing a celebratory round into the air at a reception in the capital riyadh . firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in some parts of saudi arabia and despite government efforts to stop it , the dangerous practice lingers on .
ayatollah hossein dehnavi made the speech to a packed auditorium . he also warned that if women did not wear the hijab - the veil covering the hair and chest - they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual . on past occasions he has preached that women who are better educated or are financially independent ` harm men 's authority ' .
linda macdonald , 55 , was arrested on monday for drunk driving and decided to stick out her tongue when she was brought to vermont state police barracks for booking . police say the woman from shelburne , massachusetts was driving drunk around 10:30 pm when she ran off route 5 in dummerston , vermont and crashed her 2011 toyota camry into a wooden fence . but when officers administered a breathalyzer test and she posted a .10 blood-alcohol content above
kim kardashian took to instagram to show how they celebrated easter . she shared a snap of herself on instagram while decorating colourful easter baskets . mariah carey shared this picture of herself whipping up late-night treats for her twins moroccan and monroe .
health minister jillian skinner has slammed celebrity chef pete evans for promoting fluoride-free water . it comes after he revealed his family also steers clear of consuming australian tap water . ms skinner said she was ` highly disappointed ' to see the my kitchen rules judge use his power as a high profile media personality to influence in areas he had no expertise .
sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' . he was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24 . mr besim is one of two 18-year-old men arrested for allegedly planning an ` isis inspired ' attack on anzac day ceremony .
christopher bailey 's new beverley hills flagship opened in november . over 700 guests , including superstars cara delevingne , suki waterhouse , mila kunis , elton john , rosie huntington-whiteley , anna wintour and the entire beckham brood , turned out to support their pal christopher .
madeline luciano is said to have looked on as eighth grade pupils at ps 18 , in manhattan , wrote words like ` ugly ' and ` phony ' on the board . it only stopped when the girl started crying . ms luciano claims far from encouraging them to bully the girl , the exercise was supposed to teach them they should be kinder to each other .
chimps in uganda say the apes are having to adapt to busy roads . found at a busy asphalted road through sebitoli area of kibale national park . dominant males will wait to ensure younger chimps cross safely . it is the first time chimpanzees have been seen to change their behaviour .
gwyneth paltrow , 42 , and chris martin , 38 , have finalized their divorce , according to a report from tmz . the documents are reportedly signed and will be filed on monday . they have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody . the settlement is confidential but insiders claim there were no big problems with money or custody of their two children aged 10-year-old apple and moses .
mariel hemingway was 16 when she starred as woody allen 's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy ` manhattan ' . despite her grandfather 's success , there was a dark side to her last name , which the now 53-year-old has recounted in two new novels , released tuesday .
rosdeep adekoya beat mikaeel kular to death before stuffing his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods in kircaldy , fife , in january last year . his death came just six months after he was returned to his care following more than a year with foster carers . social workers also visited the family a number of times over two years . review concluded it ` could not have been predicted ' by social and health service workers who visited his family in the
treasury officials insist the $ 20 double eagles were stolen from the us mint in philadelphia before the 1933 series was melted down . they argued that joan langbord and her sons can not lawfully own the coins , which she said she found in a family bank deposit box in 2003 . a jury in 2012 sided with the government because us officials had not responded within a 90-day limit to the family 's seized-property claim .
truce taskin , 26 , was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway in the north-western turkish city of istanbul and hit another car coming the other way . witnesses said it was a ` miracle ' that friend adem kilic , 31 , who is in a critical condition in hospital , survived the horror crash .
laura wells has found international success as a size 14 model . having lived and worked with other less curvy models in new york city , wells has seen the shocking sacrifices they make to keep skinny . the model believed this was not healthy and also took a toll on their mental health as well .
shadow chancellor said he would not allow nicola sturgeon 's party to dictate a deal at england 's expense . he said he was ` unequivocal ' that he would n't allow snp to dictate deal . ed miliband has so far stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a labour administration .
researchers examined data from two nationally representative surveys of primary and secondary schoolchildren from more than 150 schools across wales . in all , 1,601 children aged 10 to 11 and 9,055 children aged 11 to 16 were quizzed about their use of e-cigarettes . this is in contrast with the pattern seen in smokers , where all these factors come into play .
steve miller has devised a five-point plan to tackle britain 's obesity crisis . the former fat families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming . he claims these interventions could save the country and the nhs millions . steve believes overweight celebrities and public figures are promoting an unhealthy body image and are bad role models .
the securities and exchange commission announced the deal wednesday , saying the thermal-imaging company earned more than $ 7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts . the company also arranged travel for saudi officials , including a 20-night trip with stops in beirut , casablanca , new york and paris .
eight san francisco police officers accused of sending racist and homophobic text messages have been suspended . chief greg suhr called the texts ` despicable ' and says those who sent them ` clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer ' . six others will face disciplinary actions that include reassignment to positions that do n't have contact with the public .
the duchess of cornwall 's late-spring honey is made from ` delicately perfumed nectar with subtle hints of chamomile ' . just 250 jars are being produced , with all proceeds going to charity . sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at selfridges since last year .
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a dallas-area nightclub on wednesday morning . during the latest incident , a shot was fired outside of club luxx and one of them had tried to punch him . the brothers were both questioned and an investigation is ongoing .
oratory school in fulham , west london , ordered to revise its admissions policy last year after watchdog decided it was biased against working-class and non-catholic children . watchdog accused the school of cherry-picking privileged white children using its strict faith-based entry requirements . original case followed a complaint by the british humanist association in the spring of 2013 .
kestutis martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him . claimed he was too depressed to leave britain , leaving british public to foot bill . but by june his condition had improved and he was returned to belmarsh . judges at european court of human rights criticised ` manifestly ill-founded ' case .
woman , 84 , is thought to have been helping her husband park when the car accelerated into her , resulting in a serious head injury . she also suffered injuries to her throat and legs , as well as various broken bones , and one onlooker said the woman was ` covered in blood ' . the driver , also 84 , was breathalysed by police as a precaution .
prasanna ` nick ' arulchelvam ran and jumped through an open side door of their van but was pushed out and hit the ground . a customer in the costco car park in watford reported hearing a ` nasty crunch ' as the 34-year-old 's head hit ground .
a clutch of sausages stuffed with poisons were found on the cuckoo trail . they were so densely packed with the poison that eating just one could have killed a dog . sussex police are now being warned about deliberate attempts to kill their animals after a spate of dog poisonings in nearby brighton and hove .
local police chief terry rozema spoke out on wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary . video of the february 19 incident emerged on tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in marana , arizona . he was asked if officer michael rapiejko was fortunate not to kill suspect mario valencia , 36 , with a rifle .
darlene feliciano , a manager at a honolulu walmart , was out on the makapuu ` tom-tom ' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway friday afternoon when she slipped and fell . firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45 pm friday . first responders discovered her unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka - a popular spot among photographers . her 29-year-old companion had to
the randolph hotel , in oxford city centre , went up in flames this afternoon . smoke billowing from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring the inferno under control . extent of the damage to the grade ii listed building remains unclear but aerial pictures of the scene showed gaps in the roof and exposed beams .
eurocamp 's safari tents are more luxurious than an average stay under canvas . about an hour-and-half 's drive from the beaches of the south and montpellier airport , it 's known as the gastronomic centre of france . the site is a five-star park - at the top end of what 's on offer in france - that and escaping the chaos that is our life in london .
supermarket giant coles has been ordered to pay $ 2.5 million in penalties . it was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough . the falsified fresh bread has generated a revenue of about $ 300 million for coles .
carwyn scott-howell was on holiday with his mother ceri and brother gerwyn . they bought the farm to live out their dream of growing their own food . carwyn would help feed cows and pigs on the farm which has won prizes . his family said his death left them feeling ` utter devastation ' .
warning : graphic content . four men were sentenced to beheaded in isis ' northern stronghold of mosul . photographs show four men being interviewed by terrorists before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions . all of the men wear their beards without moustaches in a style commonly associated with islamist beliefs and their military-style clothing suggests the victims may well have been fighters themselves .
the 2015 australian fashion report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in australia . amongst the best performers were etiko , audrey blue , cotton on , h&m and zara . none of the companies could prove they were paying a full living wage to the workers in two of the three production stages of their clothing .
nineteen people needed medical treatment and hundreds of firefighters deployed to fight a huge blaze at the chinese chemical plant . initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant 's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids and no signs of contamination of the environment . hundreds of residents were evacuated from their homes in the surrounding area after the blast on monday night , while 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters battled the blaze .
dante gabriel rossetti 's muse fanny cornforth died in sussex county asylum in poverty and suffering from clear symptoms of dementia . records revealed she died at the time of her death , she was suffering from ` senile mania , confusion , weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation ' . art historian kirsty stonell walker used the records from graylingwell hospital in chichester , now stored at the west sussex records office .
the disused rhondda tunnel , which runs 1,000 feet beneath the welsh hills , was closed as part of the beeching cutbacks . engineers are due to visit the 3,148 m tunnel next week to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route . it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world , second only to the 4,000 m snoqualmie tunnel near seattle .
amjad yaaqub , 16 , said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home at the camp in damascus . his story was revealed as refugees in yarmouk spoke of the daily atrocities they have witnessed since isis seized control of 90 per cent of the camp .
footage shows # 126million jets approaching raf lossiemouth in moray . first of the aircraft blasted them with the thrust from its engines . as the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways . mr bird , who runs an aerial photography business , said he was ` as close to the action as you could get ' .
scott keyes , a 28-year-old writer for think progress , is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights . along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in europe and south and north america while enjoying first class service . all this for free . keyes plans to stop in 13 countries including mexico city - 507 miles .
jamie silvonek , 14 , was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women 's housing unit , away from older inmates . her boyfriend , caleb barnes , 20 , who is from el paso , maryland , is charged with homicide . the teen 's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of philadelphia , and her vehicle partially submerged in a pond a few miles from the
neil patrick harris and david burtka 's twins prefer much more foodie-approved fare than the average four-year-old-old . david , 39 , explained how being a personal chef and graduate of the famed le cordon bleu cooking school has helped him to influence his children 's culinary tastes .
samantha simmonds is married to phillip davies , the owner of online auction business flogit4u , and the couple have a daughter aged two and six . miss simmonds , 42 , described how she took some time off work to spend with her children but said the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering .
new data shows how the number of international migrants has increased by nearly 80 million over the last 25 years . in 1995 , there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons . great britain and northern ireland are among the nations which have a high number of immigrants , with more than 7.8 million recorded .
cecil hamilton-miller was responsible for convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945 , including several key belsen figures . he struggled to talk to about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of belsen . his cousin william miller , 63 , said : ` cecil could n't talk about his belsen experience in later life without tears streaming down his face ' .
jayson mcdonald was found hiding under a bed in amsterdam in the netherlands , while paul monk was captured at his luxury villa in alicante on the spanish coast . they were arrested as part of operation captura , a drive launched in 2006 by the national crime agency , crimestoppers and spanish authorities to catch suspects who had fled from the uk .
elijah mccrae 's heartbroken parents , jessica and andrew , remembered the ` happiest baby ever ' after he died in his mother 's arms on monday evening . they tried to revive him but we knew he was telling us it 's his time . on the morning of april 19 , the parents shared a picture of elijah in his hospital bed .
joseph o'riordan , 73 , stabbed wife amanda , 47 , eight times in october last year . she was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso , chest , arms and back . he asked her to ` get my things together ' before for his trial , a court heard . but she sobbed as the letter was read out at brighton crown court .
prime minister appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair . in one day this week the tory leader travelled to all four home nations in his bid to secure votes ahead of the may 7 election . on thursday mr cameron was been forced to defend michael fallon after the defence secretary claimed ed miliband would stab britain 's national interest in the back .
the 50-year tradition has split the gold coast community , with business leaders calling for the end of an era . started in 1965 , meter maids were the brainchild of gold coast developer bernie elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters . local business owners say the group is no longer performing a public service as advancements in parking meter technology mean expiry times are not always displayed .
v.k. singh , who is spearheading the rescue exercise , found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media . he tweeted last night in response to a channel quoting him saying he found the evacuation assignment less exciting than his recent visit to the pakistan high commission . the opposition demanding an apology from the union minister has distanced itself from the former army chief 's views .
zoe hadley , also known as zoe hommel , had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 and was found dead at a hotel in putney , south west london last year . an inquest heard how her parents , solicitor lisa hommel and her gp father laurence , struggled to treat her condition . she insisted on having a series of operations , including the removal of her healthy appendix and accused her father of conspiring to fake an operation to make her believe
jacob phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade , a rocky area at the base of the cliff . the university graduate had been out drinking in cardiff before catching a taxi with friends padraig crowley and rory robinson .
bernadette forde , 51 , was found dead in a wheelchair in her home in dublin in june 2011 , with a dictaphone which had recorded her ` suicide note ' . in the first trial of its kind in ireland , the carer of the 51-year-old , gail o'rorke , has been charged with helping her to kill herself . on wednesday the jury heard he say her plan to die was ` me , totally me , and nobody else
the latvian firm is currently developing a one megawatt electric race car to compete in the pikes peak international hill climb in june . the stomach-churning vehicle , dubbed eo pp03 , runs on 50 kwh lithium-ion battery pack that drives six yasa-400 electric motors . it is capable of producing 1020 kw -lrb- 1368 horsepower -rrb- and speeds of up to 260 km/h - compared to the top speed of
the world 's largest aerospace company is showing off its roomier overhead luggage bins , which will be available on its 737 family of planes . the ` space bins ' can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s . boeing said the redesigned bins can hold six standard-sized bags -- two more than the current set-up .
leanne bourne , a mother-of-four from romford in essex , began to suspect that her partner steve was having an affair . now , three years after the affair that tore her family apart , ms bourne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happens .
daisy goodwin has suffered with head lice since she was 19 . she says she has suffered almost 100 times since then . pediculus humanus capitis is the egg sac laid by the female louse on the hair shaft of their human hosts -lrb- fleas -rrb- .
shoshana hebshi , of sylvania , ohio , was strip-searched at a detroit-area airport , made her undress during a search and held her for hours . the federal government will give her $ 40,000 as compensation for being humiliated on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
peter reece , his fiancee , baby daughter and mother from kent were parked on an ocean shores beach on thursday when the tide came in and trapped the family . the wheels of the car sunk into the wet sand , so they were unable to move away . seconds after the incident and a bulldozer was used to flip it out to sea in washington state .
kate winslet was a vision in blue at a london film premiere this week . her stunning body-con dress -lrb- top -rrb- had clearly been made to measure by stella mccartney . but nonetheless she commands an out-of-the-ordinary uk size-nine shoe .
islamic state have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage on its recent defeats . image of rules began to circulate on social media two weeks after isis was forced to abandon the iraqi city of tikrit . senior commanders appear keen to eradicate any hint of problems within the group 's territory .
stars like kate hudson , pharrell williams and gwen stefani have all discovered the fountain of youth , showing little to no signs of ageing over the past decade . while many have resorted to plastic surgery , these a-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife .
female crews representing oxford and cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the river thames . president constantine louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the dark blues . oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men 's boat race .
tibor racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle , north of sydney , on sunday night . the youths could have been dealt with under the controversial young offenders act , but the seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal . the other was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm , affray and a count of stealing after he allegedly took a wallet and phone off the 42-
the modern-day martin burgess clock b is based on john harrison 's 18th century clock . it has been part of a 100-day trial at the royal observatory in greenwich to see if the claim - that the clock would neither lose nor gain more than a second in 100 days - was true . it quickly became apparent the trial would be a success and wax seals were placed on its case so its accuracy could be verified .
philip and victoria sherlock have been living out of their car for three months . a stomach operation meant philip could no longer work as a # 400 a week gardener . their loss of income saw victoria take on more hours as a shop assistant . the couple then had their benefits cut .
new poster shows nicola sturgeon forcing ed miliband to implement her radical policies . campaign comes as she uses article in scottish mail on sunday to claim she can help ` lead the uk ' . comments certain to rile many in england , wales and northern ireland .
phillip and gaby were called in to fix a leak in the beckle-raymond 's three bedroom property in north london . instead , they left phillip , his wife gaby and their two young children , orion and aurielle , in an unsafe building with no roof while they ran off with # 17,000 of their money . for six months , the family were forced to live in one room of the house as they could n't afford to get the
aaron hernandez was captain of his high school football team and rated as the best football player in the state of connecticut in his senior yearbook . he was a rapidly rising star in the nfl and had signed a massive five-year contract extension that would pay him nearly $ 40million . he had a baby girl , a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $ 1.5 million mansion in the boston suburbs . even before the murder of odin lloyd in june 2013
jack cordero , from portland , oregon , vomited all over the floor of a powell 's bookstore in the city in march . the manager said the mess was ` gigantic ' and had to clean it up . but her spirits were raised when she received a handwritten apology about the vomit from the boy responsible , along with a gift card for ice cream .
nyia parler , 41 , was taken into custody by authorities in montgomery county , maryland overnight on charges she wheeled her quadriplegic son into woods in philadelphia . parler 's son , who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy , was found lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground , 10 feet from his wheelchair . the son would have died if he had not been spotted by people walking on a nearby
new yorker amanda chatel explained in an essay that she is a victim of rape who is advocating for ` yes means yes ' laws to be passed in states across the country . the law defines consent as ` affirmative , conscious , and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity ' from each partner . amanda struggled with years following her sexual assault and instead referred the assault as ` sex i did n't want ' .
the buyer , wendy wei mei wu , is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with slipper island . the 2.7 km long , 1.8 km wide landmass is a 15 minute ferry ride from north island . it boasts two airstrips and six houses , all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views . ms wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year .
stacey johnson , 22 , from much hadham , hertfordshire , was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour in 2007 and has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy . her sister , dannii , 20 , helped her mother care for her throughout her teenage years , and became her full-time carer last year . in december 2014 , stacey was told her brain tumour had grown .
clarence david moore , 66 , escaped from a north carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate , president richard nixon occupied the white house , us forces were still fighting in vietnam and a single ride on the new york city subway cost 30 cents . moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades , until monday afternoon when he called the franklin county sheriff 's office in kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive
snp has almost doubled its lead over labour in a month , tns reveals . 52 per cent now backing ms sturgeon with only 24 per cent planning to vote . comes on the day he used labour 's manifesto launch to insist he is ` ready ' to be prime minister . but labour and the snp have clashed on ms storgeon 's hopes of securing a labour majority .
the city contains over sixty per cent of the world 's art heritage . but for its population of 350,000 , that 's an overwhelming figure . a new initiative set up by prince ottaviano de'medici di toscana is aiming to reclaim the city , saving it from the ruins of mass tourism .
christine davidson , from adelaide , south australia , was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001 . four days before she died , her husband ronny and their two daughters symantha , 40 , and kelly , 38 , noticed her ring was missing from her finger . the family has launched a desperate online appeal to have their mother 's ring returned .
president barack obama became the first president to visit jamaica since president ronald reagan in 1982on thursday . prime minister simpson miller told president obama the citizens of her country loved him , and she loved him as well . jamaican sprinters usain bolt and shelly-ann fraser-pryce watched obama as he spoke at a town hall .
patrick morrison , from mesa , first raped his niece sabrina morrison in march 2007 , and after she told a teacher the following day , authorities performed a rape kit on her . even though the kit showed traces of semen , the sheriff 's deputies did not collect a blood sample from patrick morrison as requested . the payout by maricopa county , which was revealed on wednesday , comes after it emerged that morrison continued to assault the mentally-disabled girl , his niece ,
noah has known gabriel for at least four years and it 's believed they began dating early in 2014 . the comedian quickly became smitten with the beautiful brunette and took her around the world to be by his side while on tour . but following behind-the-scenes talks earlier this year with comedy central -- the producers of the daily show -- it was clear noah 's career was about to explode .
lily sharp , who lives in the uk , decided to prank her own mother . rather than put a whoopie cushion on her chair or balance flower on top of a door , she decided to amuse herself by faking her own kidnapping - any parents worse fear . as the joke appeared , lily certainly took the steps in order to make the prank as convincing as possible .
jill scott was red-carded for an apparent headbutt on arsenal defender jade bailey during her side 's 1-0 defeat by arsenal on sunday . the england international reacted angrily to a challenge by the gunners defender and was shown a straight red card . the 28-year-old tweeted an apology saying : ` great effort from all the girls , i want to apologise for the incident which led to me being sent off , gutted to let everyone @mcw
adrian schaffner is initially featured ascending the mountain on a button lift . perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog sintha . the dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed and points its face into the wind and the camera angle changes to show the skier 's descent .
vin los , 24 , gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world . despite facing heavy criticism about his unique ink , vin insisted that the sharpie-like tattoos on his face , neck , chest , and arms 'em body pop culture ' , create ' a myth ' .
sarah watson , 34 , had a brief liaison with the manchester united defender at a christmas party for the team . but the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of blackmailing premier league star marcus rojo . the high court has since overturned a gagging order against ms watson who claims rojo and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her .
former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan and girlfriend naomi bass recently got engaged on a trip to japan . the couple were holidaying in japan and were out for a walk one evening when bass mentioned how the beautiful setting among the cherry blossom trees would be perfect for a proposal . bass , 28 , told woman 's day she was so overwhelmed that she just ` kept laughing and crying ' .
paul simon topped the uk albums chart for the first time in 25 years . his album outsold those by the likes of ed sheeran , james bay and sam smith . his latest release , the ultimate collection , is believed to have been the catalyst in helping to propel him to the top of the album chart .
easter is over for the wild rabbits of greater sydney as councils and parks prepare another attempt to kill them off with strategically placed carrots . feral rabbits , which are deemed a pest in nsw , are liekly to br targeted with the calicivirus , also known as rabbit haemorrhagic disease -lrb- rhd -rrb- . the program has been implemented annually for the last nine years as a way of managing the pests and bringing the population back down
tv presenter and motorcycle racer guy martin wrote a review of the vanquish carbon edition supercar , which costs # 203,000 , after test driving it on the isle of man 's tt course . he wrote of how he pressed the accelerator ` flat to the floor ' before seeing the speedometer reach 180mph as he entered the village of sulby .
officers in mesquite , texas arrived to find hector valles , 25 , unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel . moments later , nielson and autumn soto finally unpinned him from the car and pulled him down onto the safety of the interstate service road . the level-headed officers tell the 25-year-old ` relax dude ' and ` c'mon man ' before realizing he 's out cold .
the extravagant device is made with 24 karat gold , rose gold , platinum and your choice of strap - including python skin . one version is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap . the most expensive edition model costs up to # 2,500 more in the uk compared to elsewhere in the world .
bryan stow was left severely brain damaged after two men attacked him on his way to the car park following a game . the father-of-two was left in a medically induced coma for several months while medics waited for the swelling in his brain to subside . last year , stow shouted ` play ball ' during a world series match between the giants and kansas city royals .
johanna powell , 37 , was reported missing on saturday after a cruise boat she was travelling in hit a rock and sank ` within a minute ' . the crew , tour guide and other passengers - including her friends - all swam to safety , but ms powell disappeared in the strong current .
poets house is a swish new hotel in ely , a three-minute walk from the cathedral . it is a hideaway in genteel ely and has 21 rooms , all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds . poets house incorporates smart bar and order two glasses of bubbly .
judy murray , 55 , has had a makeover since her appearance on strictly come dancing last year . but she could be outshone by leonore sears , 53 , who has long been admired on the tennis circuit by gentlemen of a certain vintage . ceremony in dunblane is being hailed there as the event of the year .
move is latest evidence of how nation 's favourite brands are cutting back on pack sizes without a corresponding cut in prices . ploy means shoppers are being subject to stealth price rises in what economists have dubbed ` shrinkflation ' . price at sainsbury 's has risen from # 1 to # 1.50 over the past year .
ed miliband pledged to crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers . new unit of 100 staff would work with gangmasters licensing authority . but nigel farage and james brokenshire dismissed miliband 's ideas . mr miliband said there was an ` epidemic of exploitation ' in the uk .
australian beauty and australia 's next top model judge cheyenne tozzi will host the launch . the event will be held at westfield miranda in nsw on thursday 16th april . the store is said to be 100 square metre and will be a welcome international addition .
five-year-old jerry tarkanian suffered a stroke at about 4am on friday . his parents said he complained of pain in his legs and was taken to university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas at 4am . danny and amy said he 's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement .
heather mack , 19 , could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother , 62-year-old socialite sheila von wiese-mack , whose body was then stuffed inside a suitcase . yasona laoly , indonesia 's justice and human rights minister , has offered mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for the child .
a 16-year-old who was born a girl has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty thanks to hormone treatment . the queensland teen is just one of many young australians who have to seek permission from the family court and prove they are making an ` independent ' choice before they can be granted second-stage gender-changing hormones . an official diagnosis of gender dysphoria , which describes people who are significantly unhappy with the sex and gender they were assigned at birth , also needs to
tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland 's speed-camera laws . he argues the spousal privilege principle , established in england 200 years ago , means a husband ca n't be compelled to provide information that incriminates his wife . mr morris is trying to avoid a $ 146 speeding fine in queensland .
a crowd of students from northwest prep academy descended on a gas station in memphis , tennessee on monday . orrden williams jr. ended up covered in bruises because of the unprovoked attack , and his baby was also almost hit by the teens . the students dispersed soon after , and on wednesday police made their first arrest .
wiley bridgeman , 60 , and kwame ajamu , 57 , were awarded a collective $ 1.6 million from an ohio court of claims on friday . the brothers served a collective 66 years in prison for the murder of cleveland money order salesman harry franks in 1975 . last year , the three men were exonerated after the case against them fell apart when the prosecution 's key witness edward vernon -- a 12-year-old boy at
gizzi erskine 's fussy feline loves poppadoms , tortilla chips and taramasalata . included bowls brimming with caviar and salmon roe , jellied fish heads , a seafood sculpture made of octopus , lobster and prawns .
passenger jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed . airport officials said he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat . but he was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered . he was found bleeding on the floor , cutting the man in several places .
kazi islam , 18 , sent texts to harry thomas , 19 , who had learning difficulties . he encouraged him to buy a knife to attack soldiers with , along with ingredients to make an explosive device , the old bailey was told . islam used ` cake ' as code for bomb in his messages , but failing to understand his ingenious ruse , the court heard .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park , central victoria at 9.30 am on good friday . it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . a widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the air wing , dog squad , local police and ses members .
dancing with the stars co-hosts surfaced for the first time after her nhl star boyfriend jarret stoll was busted at a pool party at the mgm grand hotel . stoll , 32 , who plays with the los angeles kings , was booked for drug possession and released on $ 5,000 bond friday .
dr frederic brandt , 65 , was found hanged at his home in coral gables , florida , on easter april 5 . friends said he had been left ` devastated ' by a character said to have been based on him in the netflix comedy show ` the unbreakable kimmy schmidt ' .
toby perkins , deputy chairman of the labour election campaign , revealed that his interns are paid just # 4 per day for working 12-hour shifts . party claims to champion the low paid , making them volunteers rather than workers . labour 's 2015 manifesto has sought to champion working-class britons by increasing the minimum wage to # 8 per hour .
dave rickard , 72 , and his wife brenda , 67 , were on holiday in caernarfon . daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea and was pulled under by a passing fisherman on a boat who hooked a pole through her collar . she has now recovered from the ordeal .
researchers have developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office . from this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish , such as haddock and plaice , could fall as the north sea warms . this could increase the price of fish and chips . with further warming predicted over the coming century , fisheries and scientists are studying the impact on so-called commercial species .
peter morris was devastated when his sister , claire , died in a car crash . only a year before , he had walked her down the aisle to give her away . it took two decades for the truth to be revealed - claire had died in 1994 . peter has gone in front of the cameras to talk about his sister 's death .
the woman was watching the pittsburgh pirates take on the chicago cubs on monday night when she was knocked unconscious . she was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind and careered into her head . the pirates said in a statement that she was unconscious and thanked her caregivers as she was wheeled out .
kelly rutherford , 46 , claims her children were illegally deported to france when a california court awarded custody to her ex-husband daniel giersch , 40 . rutherford claims that no other u.s. court has ordered children to live in another country when they have an able parent in the united states .
natalie swindells , 26 , eats four bowls of the cereal every day . she ca n't face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades . she now believes overeating causes more health problems than having a very restricted diet like her own . in a typical day she will have two bowls of rice krispies with milk for breakfast , followed by a slice of bread and butter for lunch .
peter kelly , 34 , was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river at 9.45 pm on tuesday as he fished with a friend . the two men were on the minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the wisconsin side . for the next three hours , kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers . after the stabbing , the attackers fled the scene and authorities are still searching for them .
the aggressor is seen on video as he throws and punches the old man along the side of route 95 near baltimore , maryland . that is when tommy solis , who filmed the incident , drove by with a friend , and tried to break up the fight . the truck driver tried to ward off his attacker , even swinging what appears to be a tire iron at one point , but still the beating continued .
isis prides itself on its well-oiled propaganda offensive , pumping out images , videos and even a weekly english-language magazine . co-ordinated by its alhayat media centre , the terror group makes extensive use of social media to keep in near-constant contact with supporters in the west .
the leaders of places with names like molossia , westarctica , vikesland and broslavia are coming together at the anaheim central library for microcon 2015 . these self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps , wave their own flags and mint their own money . many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty .
football-mad logan kehoe , 13 , was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when he died in what spanish police have described as an ` accidental drowning ' . emergency services dashed to the pool on saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing cpr on logan , they were unable to save him .
nigel farage was out in thanet south today after polls showed he had fallen behind the tories in his campaign to be elected to parliament . the ukip leader was in kingston and surbiton to campaign with cabinet colleague ed davey where he met seven months-old elise popperwell . mr farage has been pictured cuddling babies , brushing his daughter 's hair and even feeding an orphaned lamb .
incident occurred near bloomington , illinois , shortly after midnight on tuesday . illinois state associate head basketball coach torrey ward , meat processing business owner scott bittner and bar owner terry stralow have been confirmed as among the dead . the party had been at the ncaa championship game between duke and wisconsin in indianapolis .
liftoff of the 208ft -lrb- 63 metre -rrb- tall falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33 pm edt/2033gmt from cape canaveral air force station in florida . but poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2 - minute mark . if the weather holds out , spacex is hoping to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform in the atlantic ocean .
the case of shona banda , 37 , was forwarded on monday to the finney county district attorney 's office for a decision about charges . possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment . banda has been at the center of a social media storm after she went public with her story .
the ongoing channel islands heritage festival -lrb- 3 april --rrb- is a five-week hurrah of history , parades , concerts and food that will unite most of the archipelago -- guernsey , alderney , jersey , herm and sark . the islands have never before combined to stage a big event .
` the da pinchi code ' has only been spotted in east kilbride , lanarkshire . other marks could suggest the occupant is vulnerable or that there is nothing inside the property worth taking . police took to social media to warn homeowners about the ` housebreakers code ' . they also said there was nothing to suggest the markings in the area correlate to a particular meaning .
tommy connolly , a 23-year-old sunshine coast university student , was enjoying semester break and training hard in the hope of one day representing australia as a champion sprinter . he messaged his cousin angela * , 17 , to see how she was doing and soon found out she was homeless , illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant . mr connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the gold coast , let her move into his flat , took care of her
frances bean cobain is the daughter of the once ultimate rock power couple , courtney love and kurt cobain . frances made her knee-high suede booties the key piece of her outfit and they certainly make a grand statement with their luxe finish and eye-catching tan hue .
anil saxena , from mumbai , uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra 's stripes on the line to dry to a pair of hands knitting a green field . he prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques , saying : ` if the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed , i 'm doing my job well ' .
art , design and photography community boredpanda has created a thread encouraging parents to upload cute images of their babies . babies are seen in different scenarios and positions that have clearly been carefully arranged by their parents . one baby has been incorporated into a complicated harry potter scenario , complete with round-framed glasses , suitcases for hogwarts and a magic wand .
the auditions for the nationwide search for a brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen . but after the tv cameras subside , their show at the royal variety performance is over . bgt judges simonm cowell , amanda holden and alesha dixon have all said they are looking forward to finding fresh talent .
white havana cob called cody after he went for what turned out to be a lengthy dip in a bid to cool off in the warm weather . owner tracey hannant , from bexleyheath , south london , said her horse looked like black beauty when it emerged from the ditch .
aracely meza , 49 , and the boy 's parents believed he had a ` demon ' inside him . church member nazareth zurita said the toddler , whose name has not been released , fell and hit his head several times , but she hesitated to help him ` due to his demon possession ' . in the video , meza places oil on the child 's head while reciting prayers as she holds him in her arms .
scientists say a mercury-like body struck the young earth . the object would have been the heat source for our planet 's core . the same object could have been responsible for creating the moon . it also explains where some rare-earth elements came from . the study was published in the journal nature .
david cameron has been criticised for ramping up aid spending . spending on consultants has doubled to # 1.4 billion over the past four years . hundreds of ` team leaders ' working on aid projects earn at least # 120,000 a year once the costs of their expenses , security and accommodation are taken into account .
a man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck doing the early morning rounds in melbourne 's west . the man was collecting bins in footscray early on saturday morning when the truck rolled forward , pinning him between the vehicle and a pole . paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene . two others are fighting for their life in hospital .
` crystal clear ' footage was handed into the metropolitan police by a worker based 50ft from the crime scene . the worker had reportedly contacted the police non-emergency number - believing detectives would already have similar images of the # 60m raid . but even though police raced to obtain the cctv once the report was made , the force has refused to make the images public .
a tiny ten by six mile speck in the south atlantic island of saint helena lay undiscovered for around 14 million years . but almost from the moment portuguese explorer juan de nova was blown there by the trade winds in 1502 it assumed an importance out of all proportion to its size .
morrisons supermarket has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters . all guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients . scheme include blackburn , bolton , preston , bradford , west bromwich , birmingham , leamington spa and three in london .
james ward , 31 , of burnley , lancashire , was attacked with an axe . he also had several other fingers partially severed and surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head , legs , and back . mr ward is now in hiding and fears his attackers will kill him if he does .
jessica knight suffers from pica , a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances . doctors say they are unable to treat her . hardly anything is off the youngster 's menu , with the filling from a rocking horse , padding in an armchair and even carpet underlay taking her fancy .
bernard whalen 's new book ` the nypd ' is a tale of kickbacks , mob violence and secret kkk members . it charts the early rise of the world renowned police department from it beginnings in 1898 when the new york area 's 18 independent police forces merged into one . a variety of men led the force through its formative years , 21 in total .
amanda taylor , 24 , was apprehended in north carolina last sunday following a multi-state manhunt sparked by the murder of her former father-in-law charles taylor . taylor 's suspected partner in crime , 32-year-old sean ball , was found wounded on the blue ridge parkway after the woman allegedly tried to kill him .
hollywood is the app from the reality star , which uses her likeness and voice . users have to build a celebrity empire similar to kim 's . game requires users to create a character -lrb- customising a ` cute ' look is compulsory -rrb- , become friends with kim and then embark on social-climbing , empire-building adventures .
57 per cent of adults in the uk claim to use a discount store like poundland every week because the ` stigma ' of shopping in budget stores has ended . of those 53 per cent are in the top a/b social class , who on average earn more than # 35,000-a-year , a significant increase from the 37 per cent figure a year ago .
pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory . dr lara briden explains that endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside the uterus such as the ovaries , bladder or intestines . 90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time .
bernie madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $ 65 billion ponzi style fraud - which became the largest in financial history . a new book about the financier claims he had put pressure on an israeli model who was working for him as a stock analyst and dating his dealer silvio eboli to sleep with him . he is said to have met eboli at a christmas party in 1997 at the montauk yacht club with his son mark ,
edwin ` jock ' mee , 46 , allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged between 15 and 25 . the divorced father-of-five went on to rape one of the cadets at the mitcham barracks army careers and information office in croydon . it is claimed that he hold the cousin of his alleged victim 's alleged rape victim ' i hope she is as sweet as she looks ' .
a large gas pipeline exploded into a tower of fire on friday in central california , closing both directions of a major highway and injuring at least 15 people . it was not clear what caused the explosion at the fresno county sheriff 's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt . the explosion on a pacific gas & electric co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside highway 99 .
dane bowers , 35 , is accused of hitting his ex-fiancee sophie cahill in front of her son . the former another level star was charged with common assault in connection with an incident which took place in february . he answered his police bail last thursday and today scotland yard confirmed he is due to appear before magistrates in south london next month .
the 37-year-old said she 'd love to stay where she is for ' a long time ' . but the mother-of-two , who joined the programme in 2011 , said : ` it 's a funny business and the nature of the beast with females is that what you get is not down to you ' .
terry mccarty was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him . the 29-year-old , from hawthorne , nevada , endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him freddy krueger because of the scars on his face , body and arms .
sarah vine says the bbc need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a tv presenter to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear . she says that because women love cars just as much men with the hydraulic suspension that feel and handle like ocean-liners . vine says that all the most memorable moments in my life feature the internal combustion engine .
douglas murphy , 47 , from brooklyn , new york , bumped his leg against a bin bag while clearing up after a children 's picnic . a cut so small it was hardly visible , became infected , causing the rare condition necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug . surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg .
peter tait , headmaster of sherborne preparatory school in dorset , claimed parents have become ` dervishes ' about their children 's education . he said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child . mr tait warned that while parents naturally wanted the very best for their children , such interference could end up hindering their natural development .
the unnamed man , who died from variant creutzfeldt-jakob -lrb- vcjd -rrb- disease in may 2014 , was a naturalized u.s. citizen originally from the middle east . the report concluded the man 's illness resulted from his eating tainted uk beef before he moved to the united states in the 1990s .
a more modest sales increase of between # 60 and # 70m is predicted . most of that spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs . however , the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term . scores of companies are hoping to cash in on the second royal birth .
peter hiett , 49 , claims staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out any differences . he worked at feltham young offenders institution in hounslow for eight years and was commended for bravery . claims gangs controlled entire wings at the jail leaving staff afraid to visit some areas of the prison for fear of being attacked .
swan , which sold its first iron in 1933 , has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron , for # 279.99 . if you loathe ironing enough to splash out almost # 300 , then swan 's luxury model could be the one for you .
niamh geaney , a 26-year-old tv presenter from dublin , teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed twin strangers to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days . incredibly , niamh found her match in karen branigan , 29 , a fellow ireland native who lives just an hour down the road , making it easy for the pair to meet in real life .
stephanie scott was a ` favourite teacher ' to many students at leeton high school , local leeton parents have expressed anger over the loss of their children 's ` favourite ' teacher . a week before students are due to return to class after school holidays , mothers have taken to a community facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old 's murder has affected their kids . meanwhile jodie salerno posted : ` stephanie was my son and 2 daughters favourite teacher
gigi hadid , and seven other up-and-coming models , have channeled their inner ` beauty queens ' to pose up in some of the spring season 's hottest runway looks . the magazine 's global fashion director , carine roitfeld , personally chose the 19-year-old model along with jing wen , laura james , anna cleveland , ondria hardin , antonia wilson , kitty hayes , and paige re
zhao pingan 's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in xiamen city , south-eastern china 's fujian province . both of his parents were killed in the accident , but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last march , reports the people 's daily . pingan celebrated his first birthday publicly - about a month after his real birthday of march 18 - in his
dina nemtsova , 13 , made her debut in a photoshoot with russian fashion label yulia prohorova white zoloto . appearing alongside her mother and nemtsov 's partner , ekaterina odintsova posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design .
anthony barbour , 33 , from liverpool , takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase sefton park and one shopping centre . he uses a canon 1100d dslr with either a tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs and then uses photoshop to stitch and layer the photos together .
the ` fullips ' device , a sort of suction-thimble , has gone viral online . it has already been seen at west end parties and is going viral . the device works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus , and this draws blood to the surface of the lips , which swell .
lesley conman and kerry green 's daughters were sent sexualised messages . but police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed . ms conman 's daughter abbie , 12 , was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy .
nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain . but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office . in 2001 she dressed according to the angela merkel school of leadership -- a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity .
ashley jiron , owner of p.b. jams in warr acres , oklahoma , noticed someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant . she taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward , so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge . the notice read : ` please come in during operating hours for a classic pb & j -lsb- peanut butter and jam sandwich -rsb- , fresh veggies , and a
alison saunders ' position as head of the crown prosecution service was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases . but she was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating establishment cover-ups by deciding that labour peer lord janner should not be charged . it was the birthday of labour mp paul boateng , alongside janner .
prime minister will pledge if he is returned to downing street he will offer the public # 4 billion of lloyds shares still held by the government . individuals will be allowed to buy up to # 10,000 worth of shares , which were worth 78.7 p when the stock market closed on friday .
the $ 250 -lrb- # 168 -rrb- device recognises the electronic signature of different devices - such as kettles and washing machines - allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone . neurio feeds information about energy consumption of the devices it 's recognised back to an app , where users can make decisions about how to save power and money by turning gadgets off .
clarkson will not be hosting an episode of have i got news for you later this month . the tv personality was due to record the show , which he has hosted in the past . the recording would have marked his first appearance for the bbc since being dismissed for hitting producer oisin tymon in a ` fracas ' at a hotel over dinner .
joselyn alejandra niño is believed to have been killed , dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the mexican border last sunday . she achieved notoriety in january when a picture of her grasping a modified m4 assault rifle with an innocent smile began circulating on social media . in the comments next to the striking image , people urged her to sell the gun and buy another tv while others prayed for her .
the 44-year-old said she and alice arnold returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006 . miss balding has always made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage became legal in the uk . she has written in several newspapers in support of the legalisation of gay marriage .
virginia roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile us attorney . alan dershowitz said that he wants to have her thrown in jail . he said that if she repeated her claims she will have to give evidence under oath and that if repeated she will be perjured herself .
irish tourist barry lyttle , 33 , will now be sentenced in sydney 's local court . the maximum jail term is two years , rather than the district court , where people could face up to 10 years for that offence . his elder brother was charged with recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . lyttle 's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack .
hamish baillie , 47 , claims lord janner abused him during a game of hide-and-seek in 1983 . one of nine victims lined up to give evidence against the former leicester west mp . but he waived his right to anonymity to say the decision ` beggars belief ' .
dorian poe , 11 , from burlington , ontario , sent his favorite toy out on the global adventure , having been inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who , unable to live her own dreams of world travel , sent her teddy bear in her place . hoping to raise the same level of global awareness about his own condition , dorian decided to send his ganz webkinz bear out into the world , carrying with him a message of understanding and tolerance for those
six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets captured on cctv working throughout thursday night having successfully broken into the basement of the building . shockingly , the footage reveals they returned again on saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping . scotland yard tonight refused to confirm whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the mirror .
hannah bluck , 18 , had her dreams shattered after being diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia . the ultra-rare condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen . doctors have been baffled by the condition , which has never been seen before on a leg bone and usually affects joints .
motaz zaid , 20 , was with a friend in parsons green , south west london . group of thugs targeted them in apparent revenge attack for ` accidentally scraping a man 's car ' . mr zaid was bundled into a mercedes c220 estate and driven off . his friend , 19 , was left for dead in the quiet residential street .
zbigniew huminski , 38 , appeared before a judge on friday night . he was indicted for kidnapping , raping and murdering the nine-year-old . despite being banned from france for earlier offences , he was on his way to england on wednesday from calais when he struck .
samuel tushingham dragged his partner out of bed , slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her , a court was told . judge bridget knight described the 26-year-old as a ` caveman ' - but despite this ordered him to go on a relationship course instead of sentencing him to jail .
darren humphries , 37 , began throwing cadbury mini eggs at wife claire , 31 . magistrates heard he flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home to see their two children . he then picked up a packet of the chocolate treats - which had been bought for easter - and began throwing individual eggs at her head .
mother-of-six cher lair from apex , north carolina , did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker . as she lifts up a slice of pink sponge , she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement . after falling back in surprise , she then gets down on her knees repeatedly panting : ` oh my god ' .
the far-right afrikaner resistance movement -lrb- awb -rrb- is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of johannesburg to fight for a separate white state . by day , they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons , all while being told of the danger from ` the millions of blacks trying to kill you ' .
police in western australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen afl star ben cousins . officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about daniel kerr , a fellow former west coast eagles player . the pair both made headlines in recent months , for different incidents , and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files .
the unknown digger has been drawn into the centre of anzac day controversy after his image was used to front woolworths ' ` fresh in our memories ' ad campaign . little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat . he was a soldier of the first australian imperial force and his photograph was taken between 1915 and 1918 in sydney , before he embarked for service . the awm received a lot of responses from people with possible identifications but none have been
adam deacon , 32 , of bethnal green , east london , appeared in court this morning over allegations of harassment against the 2006 movie 's writer noel clarke . a number of abusive tweets were sent from deacon 's account from march 5 to december 19 .
lloyd meudell started taking images of the sea with a gopro after being an avid surfer his entire life . the 40-year-old grew up on the south coast of new south wales and takes most of his shots on kiama beach spanning to gerrigong beach . he admits the purchasers are not what you 'd expect .
arnold breitenbach of st. george wanted to get ` cib-69 ' put on a license plate commemorating the year he was wounded and awarded a purple heart . the utah dmv denied his request , citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations .
the mamma mia inspired restaurant performance is set to open in january 2016 . bjorn ulvaeus , of swedish pop group abba , has unveiled his new musical project . the musical will include all the abba classics from the show , and a couple of ones not featured .
the pound fell to near 1.46 against the us dollar , its lowest level since june 2010 . it was just after the last election when no party secured a majority . david cameron and ed miliband both facing the prospect of having to rely on smaller parties to form a stable government . there are fears it could sent pound plummeting by another 10 per cent .
jackson byrnes was told he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . the 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation . after seven days of desperate campaigning through facebook and the crowd funding page gofundme , the casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with $ 47,000 being raised .
coral jones , 43 , had letters demanding her other children be taken into care . she was branded a ` bad mother ' for allowing april to play in the street past 7pm where she was abducted and killed by paedophile mark bridger . bridger , 49 , was jailed for life in 2013 but despite the largest police search in british history her body has never been recovered .
bloomberg 's computer system is the world 's largest dealing platform . more than 300,000 screens went offline for several hours just after start of trading . trillions of pounds of trading had to be stopped or diverted . uk 's debt management office had to delay # 3billion sale of government bonds .
belinda bowman , 37 , lost her daughter lily after she contracted gbs . but a programme which offered screening to all expectant women at northwick park nhs hospital in north-west london resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants . current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be ` at risk ' .
rona fairhead was accused of being either ` incredibly naive or totally incompetent ' by margaret hodge , chairman of the commons public accounts committee . she has told shareholders she will stay on for ` a further one-year period ' before leaving the bank 's board entirely , according to the times .
tv was manufactured in 1928 - two years after logie baird first demonstrated a working tv system . wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube . it is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale by auction team breker in cologne , germany .
mohammed suleman khan , 43 , was sent to prison last april after defrauding the taxman of # 450,000 . his nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his birmingham home and discovered plans for his own mansion in pakistan . if he fails to hand over the cash he faces a further ten years in prison .
six children were left without a father after a cold-blooded execution-style shooting in melbourne 's southwest . the 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother 's altona meadows driveway at about 2am on sunday . he died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene . police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police .
ed miliband was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be nicola braithwaite . one of the group from knutsford spotted the labour leader 's bus when she popped outside the westminster hotel for a cigarette . after brief negotiations with his spin doctors , the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress .
uk exports to the rest of the world are surging ahead of those to the european union . previously they have beaten eu exports on a quarterly basis - or three months -- but never for such a sustained period . figures appear to vindicate david cameron 's ` mercantile ' foreign policy .
rand paul smacked around democratic rival hillary clinton at a campaign stop in new hampshire this morning . ` when hillary travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her and her entourage , ' paul said . clinton is now running for president .
nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under , according to the internet watch foundation . overall , experts from the regulator removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014 , soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year .
wade lange and his team living dead enterprises have been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week . the company 's website has crashed due to the demand from around the world . there are almost 50 types of garments dedicated to the movie , ranging in price from $ 45 to $ 100 .
sofia vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancée nick loeb despite his reported objections . comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs , which they planned to have children with before their bitter split .
marcin wasniewski , 34 , from foleshill , coventry , escaped death by millimetres . car ploughed into the back of a lorry on the a444 in coventry . emergency services workers greeted by twisted metal and scattered debris . he believes he was saved by jesus christ watching over him .
neill buchel , 39 , was kicked , punched and bludgeoned by elvis kwiatkowski and chas quye , both 36 , before being cut into ten pieces . the men were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit tv show and videos found on their mobile phones showed mr buchel being made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals .
boris johnson urged ukip voters to ` swing behind the conservatives ' . he said they are in ` increasing psychological conflict ' as they realise a vote for nigel farage 's party is a ` vote for ed miliband ' . mr johnson also visited ramsgate , kent , to support local candidate craig mckinley .
lucy scott , from edinburgh , had her first baby in 2012 . proceeded to capture every experience in a new mom : an illustrated journey through one mommy 's first year . the book looks at tricky situations such as breastfeeding and not being able to reach your phone to keep yourself entertained .
hillary clinton will announce her bid to become america 's first female president on ` sunday afternoon ' . the former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the white house on twitter , and then barnstorm the hawkeye state in what the associated press calls a series of ` small ' meetings with voters . separately , an iowa republcian party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to hillary are rounding up democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of
the 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue ford falcon ute into the doors of the harts range police station . fortunately the station , remotely located about 240km northeast of alice springs in the northern territory , was vacant at the time of the incident before the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car . territory duty superintendent brendan muldoon said police are looking for a 42-
police have released images of an unidentified man they are trying to trace to help them rescue a young girl who is believed to be being abused . the fbi confirmed it found images of a ` pre-pubescent blonde girl ' that appear to show her being sexually abused , which could have been taken ` in america or elsewhere ' . officials said one picture , which does not show any abuse taking place , features the unidentified man posing with her . investigators stressed the dark-haired man , believed to be
columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy of the discredited story sunday night . rolling stone bosses commissioned the review after the story , by contributing editor sabrina rubin erdely , was called into serious question . despite the uncompromising conclusions of the journalism experts , nobody will lose their job over the story .
figures from west midlands police also show a nine-year-old has been probed on suspicion of criminal damage . between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the region either committed , of were suspected of committing , a crime . they include 41 boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences .
ac/dc drummer phil rudd pleaded guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine . the 60-year-old australian hit the headlines last november when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people . the case has been adjourned until june 26 when rudd 's lawyer will apply for a discharge without conviction .
william ` wild bill ' wilson and his wife lillian karr wilson died just two minutes apart from each other this week . both lillian , 89 , and bill were alzheimer 's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes . on tuesday their connection proved strong as ever when one of their sons received a phone call at 3.52 am to inform him that his father had passed away .
shelley dufresnein from st charles parish , louisiana , took a plea deal on thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender . when she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message : ` my mood today , ' followed by three smiley faces . followers started congratulating her on the outcome , prompting her to respond : ` i 'm so relieved ' .
patrick kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from springville , utah . he specialises in hyper-realistic paintings , including intricate black and white portrait of a man called matt . his technique involves building layers of oil paint in order to achieve the intense level of detail .
jamie richardson , 38 , from lancing , west sussex and daniel taylor , 37 , from worthing , both pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a bermuda court . the two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term , with local sources claiming the pair are struggling to pay the fee as they have only $ 700 between them .
across the globe , more than 42 million children under five are overweight or obese . the rising tide of obesity extends into adulthood with 1.9 billion adults worldwide overweight , 600 million of which are classified as obese . but with experts desperately trying to find the answer , a poignant debate rages . should tv ads promoting unhealthy food and drink be banned until the watershed , or wiped out altogether to save adults ' waistlines too .
durham university scientists studied a ` clump ' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself . this is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe 's mass and having an observable effect on galaxies : without dark matter , our galaxies would ` fall apart ' as they spin .
harley street is in an affluent part of london and it 's famed for attracting business from those who do n't have to consider the cost . michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem . his mother , joy , is amazed her son is prepared to spend so much on changing his appearance .
labour 's deputy leader harriet harman and tory chancellor george osborne shared a sofa on the tv this morning . ms harman said they were only ` standing up for people at the top ' . she has repeatedly accused the tories of being ` completely out of touch ' .
destiny cooke and lajahia cooke , 17 , were brutally kicked , punched , stomped and shoved around by the mob . one girl ripped out her earring out before the girl 's mother threw a rock at her ear , leaving a gash that required 12 stitches . destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair .
kitchens sell houses . they are the heart of the home , the hub of dinner parties and usually the ` debrief of the day ' meeting room . after judging the kitchens on the block last week and taking into account what buyers look for in a kitchen , property buyers expert frank valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design .
nicola sturgeon will unveil proposals for british foreign policy , welfare payments , energy bills and english university tuition fees . several of her pledges overlap with labour policy , including slashing tuition fees in england from a maximum of # 9,000 a year to # 6,000 . others are calculated to drag a minority labour government to the left , including halting the roll-out of iain duncan smith 's popular changes to benefits .
sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers who risk their lives on a daily basis as they try to keep the rhino from poachers lured by the rising price of ivory . but even without his horn , keepers in the kenyan reserve of ol pojeta in fear for his safety .
nathan brown , 19 , was working with his father david , an experienced electrician , when he apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane . the shock caused him to fall 12ft first onto the roof of a toilet block below the crane . he was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries .
man from mozambique was taken to hospital in johannesburg where he tragically passed away . police are struggling to subdue machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops in the city of durban . president jacob zuma has called for an end to ` shocking and unacceptable ' attacks on foreign nationals .
snp leader said the ` direction of travel ' was towards independence . she set out demands for her to support ed miliband if labour falls short of a majority . but david cameron warned of ` frightening ' prospect of snp holding labour to ransom and demanding they ditch new roads and hospitals in england , wales and northern ireland .
rachelle owen , 16 , died after being struck by a train close to hoylake station , wirral , on friday night . police said the death was not being treated as suspicious . miss owen 's family said they were suffering a double tragedy following the murder of 44-year-old kay diamond .
kenji wardenclyffe captured the explosive moment during a melbourne protest against the ` islamisation ' of australia . a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight . the violent intent of the bald man was proven elsewhere at the rally .
georgina chapman , 38 , said she does not want the accusations tied to ambra battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business . weinstein , 63 , has emphatically denied sexually assaulting the 22-year-old model during a march 27 business meeting at his tribeca office . the socialite who worked with the couple said chapman wants to find a resolution to the allegations as soon as possible .
in recent years , visits to the nuclear explosion site have increased exponentially . in 1986 , reactor 4 in the chernobyl power plant exploded , sending radioactive particles into the air above the city of pripyat , north of kiev . at the time , the area was part of the former soviet union , but is now ukraine .
danielle and alexander meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son rafi , 10 , and daughter dvora , 6 , roam free in their suburban maryland neighborhood . but the scientists , both of them scientists , say authorities crossed a line over the weekend when they picked up rafi without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents . the parents have vowed to sue authorities responsible for keeping them in custody for six hours .
kevin bollaert , 28 , was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in san diego superior court for running a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming . the landmark case was the first time a person had been tried for a running revenge porn ring in the united states . jilted lovers and hackers could anonymously post nude photos of people without their consent , along with personal information about them , at a website
jury found chancey allen luna guilty in the august 16 , 2013 , death of christopher lane , who was shot in the back while running along a city street in duncan . defense attorneys acknowledged that luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in , but contended that he meant only to scare lane . the defense had asked that the jury be allowed to consider a second-degree murder conviction , a request that the judge denied earlier friday .
alfred taubman , who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities , hospitals and museums , died friday night at his home of a heart attack , according to his son robert s. . ` this company and all that you stand for were among the greatest joys of his life , ' robert said in a message to the company 's employees .
coachella valley music and arts festival runs for its second weekend from april 17-19 . visitors pay an average of # 187 per day according to travel money specialist no. 1 currency . likes of alessandra ambrosio and brooklyn beckham pay the highest-priced admission .
the shoe that grows uses adjustable buckles and a strap on the toe to expand by five sizes . kenton lee , from nampa , idaho , came up with the idea while working in nairobi after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small . pressure sensors in the shoe tell it when your foot is in position , triggering a tiny motor in the heel that pulls the laces tight .
tv queen lorraine kelly has managed to drop two dress sizes . the 55-year-old has been attending regular zumba classes with her instructor , maxine jones . the classes vary in price , but average at about # 5 . kelly also revealed her excitement about her new weight loss .
amid the horror of a nazi concentration camp , love blossomed against all the odds between an emaciated inmate and one of the soldiers sent to arrest her ss guards . sergeant norman turgel , 24 at the time , and teenage polish girl gena , 20 , was only kindled because of the generosity and kindness of the camp 's british commander major leonard berney . this week survivors and liberators of the notorious bergen-belsen camp gathered to
john daniels , 61 , from dunsfold in surrey , has decades of experience working with animals . he used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots . also experiments with some unusual animal pairings , making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate national pet day .
almost 40 per cent of people , including 66 per cent aged 18-29 , spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it , according to the survey of 1,000 adults by the garden furniture retailer alfresia.co.uk . despite the unpredictable climate , one in ten households are digging up their flower beds to make way for hot tubs and outdoor spas .
the coach erupted into flames on the a2 slip road to the m25 near dartford in kent this morning . the blaze sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway with only the driver on board . fire crews were sent to tackle the fire and were forced to close the slip road while they doused the flames from the vehicle .
tortoiseshell mimi was picked to star in a national tv advert . the 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world . mimi 's dad phil , 56 , bought the cat with his wife christine , 45 , when she was eight-weeks-old in december 2013 from a seller who lived in birmingham .
jessica cleland , from wallan , victoria , was 19 when she took her own life on easter saturday after receiving facebook messages from two teenage boys she considered friends saying they hated her . her parents said that jessica 's social media accounts were flooded with horrible sentiments the night before she died , and are now desperate to see a change within victoria 's government .
the nsw state emergency service anticipates calls across the sydney metropolitan , hunter and illawarra regions with winds of up to 100km/h expected over the next two days . the ses is preparing for damaging winds to hit large parts of new south wales as residents in victoria and queensland prepare for a week of colder weather .
some healthy meals are worse for you than demonised junk foods from the likes of mcdonald 's , burger king and pizza express , researchers have found . for example , asda 's piri chicken pasta salad contains 46.5 g of fat -- two thirds of the recommended daily intake for an adult -- which is more than the 43.3 g found in a burger king bacon and cheese whopper . meanwhile a marks & spencer chicken and smoked bacon salad sandwich contains 694 calories and 37
us giant morgan stanley said the prospect of a labour government reliant on the scottish nationalists would create the ` greatest uncertainty ' . its inevitable ` anti-austerity ' agenda could lead to an ` earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case ' . goldman sachs also raised concerns about the same outcome on may 7 .
sir bruce forsyth said watching his first wife suffer with dementia convinced him he wants to ` die with a bit of dignity left ' . sir bruce 's first wife , penny calvert , was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008 . he visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year .
damon albarn said modern pop stars are part of a ` selfie generation ' . he was once the driving force behind britpop in the 1990s and became known for his very public spat with oasis ' gallagher brothers . now blur frontman has returned to pick a fight with even more people in the music industry .
italian artist johannes stoetter painted two naked women to look like a chameleon . the models rested on a bench painted to match their skin and held the green branch in the air beneath them . stoetter can take weeks to plan one of his pieces and hours to paint it .
peter barnett , 43 , is said to have caused a loss of # 23,000 to chiltern railways . he travelled from oxfordshire home to london marylebone but pretended to have only gone from wembley , in north west london . barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between april 2012 and november last year .
new study has tracked the decisions of brides and grooms over five years . compared them to answers they have collated since 2010 . when it comes to honeymooning 18 % of us are now choosing to holiday in the uk . registry offices have seen an increase in bookings by two thirds .
dwayne harvard , 46 , had an argument with steven sutton , 36 , sunday night and struck sutton with his 2002 ford explorer . harvard was finally stopped at an exit in kittanning , pennsylvania , and has since been charged with aggravated assault , reckless endangerment and dui .
danielle busby looked tired but ecstatic as she appeared on today for an interview just a week after giving birth . olivia marie , ava lane , hazel grace , parker kate and riley paige are all still in an incubator at houston 's woman 's hospital of texas .
nick loeb has filed a lawsuit in california in a bid to prevent the modern family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through ivf . vergara 's representatives declined to comment on the allegations when contacted by dailymail.com on wednesday . the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in november 2013 .
boy 's infectious giggles can be heard after r2d2 followed him around star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california . clearly a fan , the boy was dressed in a star wars t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair to promote the new film the force awakens .
uss theodore roosevelt and the uss normandy left the persian gulf on sunday and are steaming through the arabian sea . the vessels are believed to be joining other u.s. ships that are poised to intercept any iranian ships carrying weapons to the houthi rebels fighting in yemen .
phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders , and seventeenth overall when his mother made the request in 2002 . but after years , he realized that his mother and family members were different - especially when money became involved . he wrote the book to make sure ` the next generation of athletes does n't make the same mistakes ' he did when he finally got paid the big nfl bucks .
the bloomnigton arrow was one of 102 found by retired couple brian and charlotte smith in bloomington , washington county , utah . dotted among scrubland , these huge arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the us - forming the first land-based navigation system in the world .
the toyal lotus technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking . german maker toyo aluminium 's technology won silver place in the 2013 du pont awards for packaging innovation and the german firm has teamed up with morinaga milk industry to bring it to consumers .
number of deaths every year in britain will rise by 20 per cent over next two decades . lives of unprecedented numbers born in post-baby boom come to an end . at same time price of funeral is rising thanks to higher costs for cremation . rising undertakers ' bills as funeral firms faced with bad debts .
ten houses in australia that wo n't sell after being on the market for up to two years have been revealed . among them includes a one-bedroom home in oberon , central west of nsw , which was listed 800 days ago for $ 299,000 . the price has since been cut by 50 per cent , the property observer reports . in queensland , a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price .
the duffel bag was found shortly before 8am near a building used by biogen inc. and a block from a police station , middlesex district attorney marian t. ryan said . all of the remains are believed to belong to one person , whose death is being treated as a homicide . the name of the victim also was not released .
diane morris , 46 , is engaged to mike holpin , 56 , who has shamelessly boasted of having children with 20 different women . ms morris has brushed off claims that her partner uses dating site plenty of fish to meet more women for casual sex , claiming the two are ` crazy about each other ' .
six23 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland in one month . officers called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires . cost of fighting blazes , which devastated wildlife , has risen close to # 500,000 since the month began . fire chief stephen rossiter said : ` the natural terrain of mountains is very dangerous underfoot ' .
the polished evergreen foliage of camellias makes for a great contrast to the brightly coloured flowers . they are easy to grow , but picky about soil . if yours is acid , free-draining and nutritious , they 'll thrive , but they mope in alkaline or neutral ground .
the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in cameron park , california . guinness world records has confirmed peter weber jr. 's feat , the sacramento bee reported . weber flew in both world war ii and the vietnam war , and also served as a korean war flight instructor .
british police helped australian officials foil a suspected lee rigby-style terror attack on police during first world war commemorations . a 14-year-old boy from blackburn , lancashire was arrested after he allegedly communicated with men over a plan to use knives and swords to hack officers to death in melbourne . when the alleged plot was uncovered by greater manchester police , they tipped off authorities who swooped on the terror suspects .
scientists have shown that using deep brain stimulation -lrb- dbs -rrb- , a technique already used to treat parkinson 's , can boost memory by causing new brain cells to be formed . ` pacemaker ' fitted with electrodes is inserted into the brain through holes drilled in the skull . now researchers believe it could be used to improve brain function and ward off diseases such as dementia .
britain 's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring - and the warm weather is set to last with the country predicted to be hotter than ibiza , athens and barcelona tomorrow . some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest april ever as britons cool off , with the balmy conditions set to continue . forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse in the second half of this week .
tasmanian-born designer alannah hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanomahill . if she had waited another three months the cancer would likely have spread and become terminal but thankfully she now has a ` very good ' prognosis . hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh and then after about a week doctors will decide if she needs anymore treatment .
alexis keslar , 18 months , was walking with her sons , eli and silas , along the canal bank on friday when she was distracted and the stroller tragically rolled away . police have said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult and she watched helplessly as the strong current swept her children away .
the car left a parking lot at the ports o ' call entertainment area of san pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at berth 73 of the port of los angeles . the car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor , where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water just off of berth 73 . two children pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition , authorities said .
plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho . the crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety . in statements posted on twitter , jet airways described it as a ` technical problem with the landing gear ' .
a company is offering the chance to dive 12,500 ft below the surface of the sea to explore the ship at the bottom of the atlantic . the once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service , bluefish . travellers will learn about the ship in a series of lectures in addition to the dive .
the migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the british raf base at akrotiri on the island 's south coast . normally , the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-carotene in their diet . experts believe a rare genetic irregularity known as `` melanism '' can generate more melanin than usual .
red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins . when higher concentrations of clear alcohol , such as gin , vodka or white rum , are poured onto the stain , the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet . these can then be soaked up using a paper towel .
beth hall , 24 , from cambridge , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lbs after being bullied at school . she began a strict diet regime at the age of 16 , living off nothing more than black tea and coffee . after years of turmoil , she was admitted to an eating disorder clinic . after making a full recovery , she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university .
families on high green estate in sheffield say they are being ` held to ransom ' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes and cars . cctv footage shows the youngsters shooting at properties , cars and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and bb guns through the estate . residents even claim one woman who confronted the yobs was shot at .
parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to syria should have their identities hidden . they include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now can not be identified to protect their youngsters . also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter 's passport .
john coyne , 56 , attacked his 25-year-old victim after a night of drinking . victim had been on a night out with friends after finishing work and ended the night at coyne 's pub in harrow road , central london . coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent and jailed at blackfriars crown court yesterday .
the cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes . kellogg 's makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to british families . its two main uk subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the republic of ireland where corporation tax is 12.5 % .
tony blair said he had ` decades ' still in him and joked that he would ` turn to drink ' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles . he said his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries .
joel wilkinson , five , was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy six months ago , meaning his muscles will slowly waste away . his parents , emma , 33 , and chris , 36 , noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk . now , they have decided to make his short life as full of joy as possible .
manuel garza jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing san antonio police officer john ` rocky ' riojas in february 2001 . he is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in texas this year . the u.s. supreme court had refused in november to review his case , and no last-day appeals were filed before his execution .
kieran loveridge was moved to goulburn supermax prison last month . the 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with port macquarie woman jody marson . ms marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the prison .
the 63-year-old star wars veteran played luke skywalker in the original star wars films . hamill said he had some reservations about the plans to move forward with a new star wars trilogy . ` it 's like i was drafted , ' hamill told a massive crowd saturday night at star wars celebration of his decision to reprise his role .
kristen lindsey , 31 , who lives in brenham , texas , allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow believing it was feral . but a local rescue center say the cat , believed to be called tiger , was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks . she also said in a comment , before she learned she no longer had a job : ` like someone would get rid of me . i 'm awesome ' .
katie prager , 24 , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in september 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs . her insurance company , kentucky medicaid , will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the university of pittsburgh medical center . her husband dalton , 23 , is pleading for help .
national grid has revealed the uk 's first new pylon for nearly 90 years . called the t-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons . but it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts . it is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes .
christopher barry , 53 , was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy after a row outside a block of flats in edmonton , north london , on december 14 last year . the boy , who can not be named for legal reasons , pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed mr barry as he got into a lift following a row . the teenager , who was known as jack , would not let the boy and his friends into the block of flats
the tech giant announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions . as part of the deal , apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a virginia-based nonprofit , the conservation fund . then epa administrator lisa jackson , now apple 's president for environmental initiatives , has spearheaded the new green focus at the world 's biggest company .
vera maresova , 50 , confessed to killing five women and one man . she was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last august . but has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014 . all of her victims were elderly and needed intensive treatment .
solomon khoorban , now 33 , forced himself on the teenager in the vip area . he then ordered his terrified victim to wait for at least 30 minutes . just two months later , the knife-wielding attacker raped a 32-year-old woman . he also told her : ` b ****** should n't be out at this time ' .
stephanie scott was allegedly murdered just days before she was due to walk down the aisle . new details have emerged about vincent stanford , who created an online alter ego to use in science fiction , gaming and fantasy forums . he wrote scripts for his favourite tv series , the science fiction show stargate , titled ` secret endangered ' about a fictional land ` under imminent threat when wraith survivors know about atlantis ' .
the mayor of new york is allegedly entering the race as a ` leftist ' alternative to clinton in the hopes that this will see him represent the party in the 2016 elections . this claims come in the wake of a television appearance last week , where de blasio refused to back her . the 53-year-old has yet to back clinton , despite the fact that he was campaign manager of her u.s. senate bid in 2000 .
harry weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman turned up for the premiere of his new broadway play finding neverland on wednesday . the play , which stars glee star matthew morrison and kelsey grammer , is based on the 2004 film of the same name weinstein produced starring kate winslet and johnny depp . the couple have been out together numerous times over the past few weeks as well , attending neverland rehearsals , celebrating easter
zodiac aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping quarters for cabin crew . the lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest . every bunk is equipped with a personal service unit -lrb- psu -rrb- offering crew with individual comfort features such as an in-flight entertainment and air conditioning system .
the video , which surfaced on reddit on monday evening , shows actor dennis quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie . ' i ca n't even get a line out until dopey the dick starts whispering in your ear , and you 're not even watching anymore , ' the 61-year-old actor screams . the incident is almost too good to be true and multiple commenters on reddit have speculated that the video is a prank .
peter gale was fired from nonsuch high school for girls in cheam , surrey . he was appointed to run the school , which counts singer katie melua amongst its alumnae , in september 2013 after the mysterious departure of its previous head , karin rowsell .
the internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger , regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the internet . the brain operates in a similar way , the researchers found . the discovery is the result of a massive , labor-intensive effort to organize 40 years ' worth of data from peer-reviewed research articles detailing connections in rat brains .
starkey , best-selling novelist kate mosse , award-winning biographer claire tomalin , explorer sir ranulph fiennes , private eye editor ian hislop and neil macgregor . event attracts more than 30,000 visitors to its idyllic venue in a wiltshire field .
jeremy clarkson , 54 , was fired in march after attacking producer oisin tymon . he has not publicly addressed his dismissal , apart from to say ` everyone 's upset ' . but presenter today gave his ` heartfelt thanks ' to those who sent their support . ms rippon , 70 , said she would be keen to return to motoring show if she were invited back .
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by the man . he was shown wearing a green puma sweatshirt , dark jacket and jeans in the hours before the incident when he also stalked three other women . west yorkshire police produced this computer generated image after taking a description of the suspect from his victim .
louise shepherd , 31 , from cobham , surrey , was hiking through madidi national park in north-west bolivia when a tree toppled onto her during a storm . her parents , peter and christine shepherd , said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday .
zipporah lisle-mainwaring has been accused of painting red and white stripes on her # 15million kensington townhouse . residents in the otherwise immaculate cobbled cul-de-sac said the colourful redesign was driving them ` mad ' and likened her to a child throwing a tantrum .
ethan czahor has launched ` clear ' which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer . users can search for keywords such as ` gay ' , ` black ' or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them . in february he was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for mr bush , the former florida governor and potential 2016 presidential candidate .
u.s. president barack obama and cuban president raul castro will have a substantive ` discussion ' tomorrow at a regional summit in panama city . it will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange . ahead of an anticipated run-in , if not a formal meeting , this weekend in at the seventh summit of the americas , the two presidents spoke by phone on wednesday for only the
the australian turf club would 've been packed with punters dressed to the nines scrambling for a seat . early racegoers susie pleasance and helen quarrel learned the field was absolutely empty . officials opted to move the $ 10 million program to monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the saturday event .
a third man has been charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' . the 18-year-old hampton park man had his preventative detention order removed , and the teenager was re-arrested . he will appear in melbourne magistrates ' court on tuesday .
warning : graphic content . survivor cynthia cheroitich , 19 , was rescued after al-shabaab gunmen stormed garissa university college on thursday . hundreds gathered in the sweltering heat to catch a glimpse of the men who are believed to be responsible . hundreds of people , some grieving for the loved ones they lost in the siege , gathered to look at the bodies .
tory election chiefs given letter-writing kit to target farmers , pensioners and women . women told they are ` vital to the success of the british economy ' . david cameron made a campaign stop at national grid training centre in newark today as he made a stop at newark .
elena curtin of portland , oregon , was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend 's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in november 2014 . she was set to go to trial in multnomah county circuit court this week , but prosecutors dropped the charge on monday because curtin was ` completely justified in her outrage ' . the ex and the boyfriend had gotten high at the apartment before and they have
japanese have taken their culinary expertise to a whole new level with their newest cooking series . the action in this cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world , and demonstrates how to make perfectly formed versions of classic foods . miniature space videos are filmed in the bijou area .
` i 'll own up to that , ' the kentucky senator told cnn anchor wolf blitzer yesterday , responding to accusations of sexism that bubbled up following his wednesday morning dust up with today host savannah guthrie . paul , who announced his bid for the oval office on tuesday , admitted that he needs to ` have more patience ' with reporters , even if he 's ` annoyed ' with them while maintaining that ` interviews should be questions and not editorializing '
the queen , who was resplendent in a fuchsia suit and a matching hat , was spotted crossing her fingers in the royal box . unfortunately for her majesty , her horse was narrowly pipped to the post - prompting a brief look of horror and a rueful smile from her owner .
the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including actress diana dors , singer bob dylan and actor marlon brando . in total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the fab four themselves - but because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together , waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead .
daria rose , 18 , immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in october 2012 . after a difficult high school experience , the hempstead teen has been accepted into all seven of the ivy league schools she applied to .
minnesota reporter ashley roberts was surprised on air during minnesota 's this morning show by a proposal from her boyfriend , justin mccray . the anchors then introduced a ` fashion expert ' to talk more about rings -- but the expert turned out to be none other than ashley 's boyfriend .
victor agbafe , 17 , is currently attending cape fear academy in wilmington . he also could go to stanford or duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well . on one of his facebook pages , he describes himself as a ` passionate , honest , open-minded individual ' .
manchester town halls have failed to recalibrate some of the 100,000 ticket machines in the uk - making it impossible for drivers to pay the exact cost of parking . in manchester , where 240 machines are still not upgraded , motorists without old-style coins must use # 1 and two 20p pieces for a typical # 1.25 hour 's parking .
daphne selfe , 86 , has starred in the campaign for vans and other stories . the model , from baldock , hertfordshire , was still commanding # 1,000 per day for her work . she said : ` the & other stories ' collection is truly relaxed and timeless .
graham leonard was returning to scotland after attending a manchester united football match . he grabbed the pa microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song for his fellow football fans after drinking beer and gin on match day . he then caused part of an airport to be evacuated after deliberately setting off the fire alarm on arrival in aberdeen . sheriff edward savage said he was keeping ` all options open ' .
it 's been a gargantuan undertaking , even by the formidable standards of the women 's institute . for days on end , two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed 5,000 women attending the wi 's centenary celebrations at the venue in june . but the wi has now been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve the cakes .
the michigan micro mote contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light , including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight . this line of ` smart dust ' devices includes computers equipped with imagers -lrb- with motion detection -rrb- , temperature sensors , and pressure sensors . they are the culmination of work initiated by blaauw and sylvester on very low-power processing for millimeter-scale systems .
tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in islington , north london . inside , the narrow house is only 5ft wide in some areas , a little over the size of a rugby player 's shoulders and its maximum width is 8ft 8in . estate agency blurb described the property as being ` well proportioned ' .
gerard t. ` the frenchman ' ouimette was suspected of having a role in up to eight murders , ` ran ' the federal prison in north carolina in the 1970s and even had booze , drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis . he was reportedly in control of a gangster network responsible for gambling , loansharking , extortion , and murder , among other crimes .
the girl was arrested after police raided a house in longsight , manchester . the boy was arrested on suspicion of engaging in conduct in preparation for acts of terrorism . both were bailed until may 28 and the girl has been bailed until 28 may 2015 . it is understood the family is from pakistan but has lived in the uk for many years .
a popular online audit tool , only 44 per cent of hillary clinton 's twitter followers are real people who participate on the social media platform . the white house worked overtime to purge most of them after a september 2013 report found that more than half of his followers did n't exist .
wellington 's iconic and bohemian cuba street was the centre point of all activity and drew in thousands of locals and tourists for the contagious and frenetic festivities . the massive scale festival -- the first of its kind in several years - saw lively street performances , circus acts taking over parks , performers dancing in shop windows and music stretching across the city .
police were led to cocoparra national park north of griffith , nsw . they were pointed to the site where stephanie scott 's remains were found . standford , 24 , was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions , news corp reported . her body has now been transported to glebe morgue to undergo forensic testing .
dusan bako , 18 , flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager 's phone . during a confrontation near a park in oldham , greater manchester , bako put his arm around the back of the girl 's neck and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach . one horrified witness said bako hit the girl ` like a boxer ' before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child . bako pleaded guilty to an alternative charge of causing grievous
eileen mason and margaret seabrook had been to a lunch club meeting . an ` evil looking ' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence . mrs mason shouted ` oh , no you do n't , ' and slammed on the accelerator . the would-be robber was knocked to the ground , and the pair sped off .
scientists at the niels bohr institute at the university of copenhagen and published in the journal geophysical research letters . evidence of water on mars dates back to the mariner 9 mission , which arrived in 1971 . it revealed clues of water erosion in river beds and canyons as well as weather fronts and fogs .
former secretary of state gave details of her daughter 's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir , hard choices . in the new chapter , she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans . in 2014 , she and her investment banker husband marc mezvinsky were expecting a baby .
olivia bazlinton , 13 , and charlotte thompson , 14 , died when an express train hit them at elsenham station , essex , in december 2005 . the friends had been using the station 's unlocked footpath crossing to catch a service to cambridge when they were struck by a through train bound for stansted airport . an inquest returned verdicts of accidental death -- but it later emerged that crucial safety reports had not been disclosed to the coroner .
queensland resident roxy walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday . the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message : ` darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 , love jenny ' . ms walsh said she will be meeting the pair this weekend to return the ring .
video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue . it then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes . the last domino gently hits an orange ball , causing it to roll down another positioned cue lying on the table . in less than 30 seconds the stunt comes to a close .
carol chandler , 53 , of wellington , shropshire , accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s . she was charged as part of operation winthorpe , scotland yard 's investigation into allegations of sex abuse at st paul 's school in barnes , south west london .
david totton , 36 , admitted driving a hired white peugeot rcz into the doors of club liv , a nightspot popular with footballers in central manchester , at around 3am on august 31 last year . he tried to claim the attack had been meant as ' a joke ' but a judge ruled otherwise . he was banned from every pub and club in manchester .
anarda de la caridad perez friman , 37 , said to have been ` suffering from post-natal depression ' when she allegedly stabbed john joseph shannon , 31 , the couple 's six-week-old baby and her daughter , four . mr shannon had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children , but police now believe perea , a spanish national of cuban descent , to be the culprit .
ana elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a class at the university of texas , pan american . the psychology graduate student , 27 , was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the mexican border . she was released unharmed the following day after one of the kidnappers introduced her to his mother who helped her escape to another location . on tuesday she will open up
the british children 's cookbook author annabel karmel has over 40 books to her name . she says pete evans ' controversial bone broth recipe goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend . ` babies need milk - it needs to be a formula or breast milk because it has the nutrients they need and bone broth will not give them what breast milk or formula does ' .
just over three weeks until polling day , 39 per cent of voters say they will back the conservatives compared to just 33 per cent for labour . shock poll comes after tories unveiled key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to # 1million . tories have jumped three per cent in the last month , while labour has dropped two points .
larry reid , 73 , was arrested about 12:40 p.m. monday on u.s. highway 95 near the edge of boulder city limits . mr. reid was also charged with battery of a police officer , resisting arrest , not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol .
dame barbara hakin , national director of commissioning operations for nhs england , is facing the threat of a new inquiry into claims she put patient safety at risk in a drive to meet targets . she was investigated by the general medical council , which concluded that there was no case to answer . however , it is now reviewing part of this decision and is appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went ` far enough ' in respect of patient safety .
lance corporal leonard keysor received a victoria cross for his 48-hour effort that saw him lob live , palm-sized iron grenades from the trenches of lone pine to save the lives of his comrades . the 30-year-old fought in the trenches at lone pine in anzac cove on the shores of turkey . in australia , he discovered cricket and it soon became a passion for the young man .
julie bishop donned a black headscarf during a meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani and her iranian counterpart mohammad javad zarif . social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom . political commentators and politicians have also voiced their opinions .
valerie rutty stole almost # 3,500 from irlam primary school in greater manchester . the 60-year-old altered invoices by increasing prices of work she had commissioned . cash was collected by children aged three to 11 and their families through non-uniform days and other fundraisers .
madonna posted the image of the iron lady on instagram today . she quickly deleted it just moments later after receiving dozens of abusive messages . some of her fans took umbrage to the photo , which madonna captioned with : ` thank you margaret thatcher ' followed by ' #unapologetic #rebelheart ' and a love heart . the singer , who has a large gay fanbase , offended fans who reminded her thatcher enacted legislation that banned ` promoting ' homosexuality in 1988 .
marks and spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 miraval rose . the # 18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple 's chateau miraval estate . wine spectator ranked the first vintage at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013 , making it the only rose to be included .
dr chris van tulleken claims branded painkillers are just using ` clever marketing ' to make patients spend up to ten times more than they would on unbranded products . uk over-the-counter medicines market is worth # 2.5 billion , with brands vying for attention with brightly coloured packaging .
terrier , named cookie , barked at joseph devaney , 23 , and kieron rolstron , 22 . they burst into the home of a young couple and demanded money . but as owners watched in horror , devaney brought down cookie 's head to stop it barking before making off in the victims ' car . cookie suffered serious injuries and had be sedated whilst he was given stitches .
man , in his 60s , named locally as 62-year-old richard clements . machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him underneath . family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him . mr clements had been chairman of stowmarket meadlands recreation club .
sheriff mbye mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl outside a kfc in birmingham . a 19-year-old man from birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody . detectives believe a group of other men were involved and are trying to identify them .
jessica edgeington , 33 , of villa rica , georgia , was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called ` swooping ' . divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition . it is the second death at the skydiving center this year , after navy seal william marston died after landing heavily in january .
timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing . also viewed himself as a ` paul revere-type messenger ' and even suggested his defense team should receive $ 800,000 from the government . the estimated one million pages of paper documents from stephen jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the briscoe center for american history .
brisbane based dj-duo mashed n kutcher did just that when they offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public . the black-and-white clip has spread like wildfire , clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week . the duo approach a busdriver and a 7-eleven clerk to have a bash on the keys before going in search of a singer . the mystery runner then launches into a moving melody , seemingly leaving the djs lost for words
jessica hardy , 23 , from hereford , was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm she tried to burn it off with acid . the mother-of-one said she could n't afford laser removal surgery to have the tattoo removed so when she heard about acid peels for the skin , she thought she had an ideal solution . but instead of removing her tattoo as she hoped , jessica applied the acid without diluting it with water or reading the
doug gregory , 92 , had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck by a car outside a petrol station . the ex-spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance but died two weeks later . he was awarded the distinguished flying cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over nazi-occupied europe .
father told how his daughter became hooked on cocaine and ecstasy . he said dealers made the drugs ` incredibly cheap and available ' to children . the father said he had initially dismissed changes in daughter 's behaviour as ` teenage moodiness ' . he has now written an open letter to his local council , south gloucestershire .
amanda burleigh was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of birth was wrong . since the 1950s , doctors and midwives started giving women a hormonal injection to reduce the risk of haemorrhage . they feared the drug -- since replaced with a safer substitute -- could harm the baby . but ms burleigh , a midwife at leeds teaching hospitals nhs trust , believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating with blood .
chelsea clinton became the first daughter of the united states of america , she was just a twelve-year-old from arkansas with a full head of voluminous frizzy curls . but over the years , her curls quickly began to fade , appearing more and more controlled as the years wore on . now , in a candid interview with elle magazine , chelsea has finally revealed what happened to her once-curly hair .
christopher stefanoni , 50 , says his nine-year-old son was moved into a lower little league team because his affordable housing homes threatened the ethnic makeup of the extremely white town . the town and the little league both deny that the goings-on of the little little league are linked .
gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in peru 's cotahuasi valley . each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies , with infants kept in small containers , and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing . archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs , recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as tenahaha .
a guest list of 120 people had been invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson-woolley 's wedding at the picturesque eat your greens venue . the venue is 2km outside the tiny town of eugowra , in new south wales ' central west region . these same guests were now 275km and three hours ' drive away after attending a heart-breaking ceremony at mountford park .
there were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles . sea turtles have flippers with just one or two claws present on each fore flipper . the commission also said that one can tell the difference between a sea turtle and a tortoise by looking at the animal 's feet .
the gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the m42 in derby . they held up a cash-and-carry in derby on september 26 last year . the white seat leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter . today dramatic footage has been released showing the car ramming two police vehicles as they tried to hide under a bridge .
clare else 's husband andrew was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic ephraim norman , 24 , after getting off a bus close to his home in croydon , south london , last year . the 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends earlier that night before the stranger pounced on him and launched an unprovoked attack . norman had stopped taking medication because it interfered with his sex life and had heard voices in his
stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons . but he was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior in hartlepool . photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the ship . newcastle city council said allegations were treated with the utmost seriousness .
the york county coroner 's office says 35-year-old donnell graham fatally shot his wife , shaquana graham and another man in a room they were sharing before turning the gun on himself early sunday morning . the woman was found shot in the head while the other man , kristopher pittman , had been killed by gunshots to the chest .
a university of cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy . by using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock . and the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce . dr paolo bombelli will present his research as part of the pint of science festival .
kathleen bailey , 70 , was given power of attorney over her terminally ill friend 's finances . but grandmother helped herself to at least # 1,500 and used money to finance trips to north wales . she was arrested at her home in ramsbottom and her victim died eight weeks later .
at least 15 fortune 500 companies , many of them worth north of a $ 1 billion , paid zero income taxes in 2014 . according to the report , household names like cbs , general electric and mattel all successfully manipulated the u.s. tax code to avoid paying taxes on their massive profits .
latest icm poll for the guardian had the tories ahead on 34 per cent . nate silver , who correctly predicted the winner in 49 of 50 us states in 2008 , believes that neither tories or labour will be unable to get enough support together for a majority government . lord ashcroft found a tory lead of four points -- with the party on 32 per cent , compared to labour 's 30 per cent compared to the lib dems .
the incident occurred wednesday afternoon at alverta b. gray schultz middle school in hempstead , new york . the parent , annika mckenzie , 34 , walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter 's math teacher , catherine engelhardt . she believed the teacher had ` put her hands ' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day , according to abc 7 . several students also became involved in the
ivana chubbuck 's client list includes eva mendes , charlize theron , gerard butler , halle berry , sharon stone and many others . within months , the singer was topping the charts with single ladies . despite her professional success , beyoncé was also at what she termed ' a pivotal point ' in her life .
footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling sunny bayne 's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly . the young rider from kentucky ca n't stop smiling at the animal 's silly antics . many viewers have deemed the video ` adorable ' and ` cute ' .
tom o'carroll attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation . the organisation , set up in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal , is campaigning against what it sees as the ` biased and unfair ' independent press standards organisation .
the crown princess cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in denmark on thursday . the tasmanian-born royal looked appropriately sombre in a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of denmark by germany . the crown princess stepped out solo for her royal duties , following a week of family celebrations honouring the queen margarethe ii .
bobby brown visited his stricken daughter bobbi kristina at the dekalb medical center in decatur , georgia , on monday . the 46-year-old signer spent time at the hospital where his daughter is being cared for . the daughter of whitney houston was recently moved from emory university hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on january 31 .
lelisa desisa , 25 , of ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours , 9 minutes , 17 seconds and beat his previous winning time by more than a minute . thirty-thousand runners cruised through a damp monday morning route where well-wishers drew ` boston strong ' in chalk on the pavement to remember the three dead and more than 260 injured in attack near the finish line two years ago . his countryman yemane adhane tsegay
google politics tweeted about former first lady and secretary of state hillary clinton 's announcement that she is seeking the presidency . many of the questions focused on candidates ' ages and heights , according to the website . the most popular question typed into google during that time period was asking how old clinton is . those included ` how tall is rand paul ? ' and ` how old is marco rubio ? ' .
woman , who was with three friends , disappeared under waters of cambridge . she disappeared under the waters several times , screaming for help each time . two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at punt hire operator . she was bundled into her rescuers ' punt by her friends and could be seen holding her head in her hands .
vincent viafore from poughkeepsie , new york , was on the rough hudson river near newburgh with angelika graswald when he was thrown in on sunday evening . viafore was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak . his partner fell out of the boat while trying to help him and was rescued by another boat travelling in the area at the time .
baylee almon-kok was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center bombing in oklahoma city on april 19 , 1995 . her mother , stepfather , brother , sister and cousins at home in leafy choctaw , oklahoma . but no one , she was the day after her first birthday . a day later , it had swept the world . two decades on , the shock is still raw .
swan nicknamed asbaby has been pecking punters on the backs area of cambridge river . he is believed to be his grandfather , asbo , who was moved to location 60 miles away in 2012 by river authorities after repeatedly attacking rowers . asbaby was seen at weekend attacking tourists , eating sandwiches , drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a woman 's handbag .
kristen jarvis , 34 , is moving on from washington after seven years of acting as the first lady 's go-to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks . jarvis admits she did not share michelle 's love of d.c. workout craze solidcore .
qasr al-farid - a rock-cut tomb and part of an ancient nabatean settlement - has been lying undisturbed for centuries . situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes , linking the north and south of the arabian peninsula . despite its misleading name , the fascinating four-storey monument was actually used as a tomb .
sheila elkan , 84 , lives in house that featured as leadbetters ' home in 1970s tv series . great-grandmother-of-five has resided at home in hillingdon , north-west london , since 1986 . comments come after cameron promised he would help deliver ` the greatest sunshine ' of a job , a home , tax cuts and a secure retirement .
alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to return to seattle-tacoma international airport monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help . the unnamed seattle airport employee revealed he might have slept much longer if it had n't been for the passengers ' bags . earlier , the terrified man called 911 and spoke to a bemused operator for 44 seconds before he was cut off .
mayall , who played tory mp alan b'stard in itv series the new statesman , died suddenly aged 56 last june . probate records reveal he had no will -- even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998 . lawyers have always advised that people should have a valid will to avoid tax pitfalls .
brayden travis , 18 , was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend 's house in st charles county , missouri in early march . his lungs and kidneys failed , and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage . doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state , his mother , kelly smith-miller , wrote on facebook . the post has been shared more than 337,000 times .
parents who choose not to vaccinate their children may soon be fully blocked from accessing welfare payments and childcare subsidies . social services minister scott morrison confirms the government is actively researching possible legislation changes . the hard-line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day - old perth baby riley hughes .
pennyhill park has heated outdoor hot tubs , hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated swimming pool . celebrities including nicole kidman , cameron diaz , justin timberlake , catherine zeta-jones , michael douglas , lewis hamilton and russell crowe have all enjoyed the venue .
the 84-year-old , who died on friday , talked about his cancer and the treatment he was undergoing with typical candour . benaud , who had n't returned to his commentary job for the nine network following a car accident in october 2013 in which he suffered serious injuries , had looked increasingly frail and had lost weight .
alice kovach-suehn , 56 , from apopka , was arrested last friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs . the victim told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and ` dog feces ' .
luke shambrook was found just three kilometres away from where he went missing at lake eildon national park - north-east of melbourne . doctors say they are stunned with how healthy the 11-year-old appeared , considering he had gone without food or water since good friday . luke is unlikely to suffer any long term effects from his traumatic ordeal .
a third of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather . three-quarters of women never wash their own car with drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt . rise of hand car washes blamed for a decrease in drivers washing their own cars .
researchers from germany , canada and us analysed answers to the hitler question , and others like it , from 6,100 people . they found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line , while women were more troubled by the act itself .
the nfl has reinstated adrian peterson , allowing him to participate in league activities starting on friday . this after a ban that has been in effect since september 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch . peterson met with the nfl two weeks ago to discuss his reinstatement , and at that point things did not look good for the star running back .
robert knowles , 68 , from plymouth , is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959 . the pensioner has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record , which includes 200 thefts and dozens more for other dishonest offences .
singer miley cyrus decided to challenge convention and leave her underarms unshaved - perhaps she 's onto something , as there may be health benefits to having an ample covering of fuzz . how body hair helps your skin heal . hair anywhere on the body is important for maintaining skin health , explains des tobin , a professor of cell biology at the university of bradford .
christine royles , 24 , of south portland , is suffering from kidney failure , organized fundraisers to reimburse dall-leighton for unpaid time away from work . someone else established an online fund that ballooned to more than $ 40,000 - it can be seen here . royles chose to go a different route .
alexis tsipras , greece 's prime minister , will meet vladimir putin in moscow . reports suggest kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts . visit will raise fears radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy .
roxy walsh , 34 , met with the ecstatic owners , joe and jenny langley , in noosa , on queensland 's sunshine coast on sunday . the snorkeler found the ring at the finns beach club in south kuta , bali on tuesday and decided to take to social media to hunt for the owner . ms walsh has also gotten the ring clean ahead of her meet with the couple .
mahendra ahirwar , 12 , from madhya pradesh , suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body . his weak backbone means he ca n't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position . his parents say they would rather see him dead than suffer the way he is now .
the 41-year-old australian woman had a medical emergency on new year 's eve after inhaling an earring into her lungs . despite this , she ignored the noise , believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device . doctors put a thin tube with a camera on the end known as an endoscopy into the woman 's lung , which showed the earring was covered in mucus .
the hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris-based tv5monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning . the channel 's director , yves bigot , said the attack was continuing this morning but can only broadcast recorded programs , not live content .
life expectancy for older women has fallen after decades of rises as unhealthy lifestyles and cuts to social care take their toll . the predicted life spans of women aged 65 , 75 , 85 and 95 fell in 2012 . by 2013 , the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks -- five weeks less than in 2011 .
margaret bates , from mottram , tameside , said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her daughter kelly-anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover james smith . smith , 49 , got life imprisonment and must serve a minimum of 25 years for his horrific crimes .
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim . she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .
niloofar rahmani , 23 , is the first female fixed-wing air force aviator in afghanistan 's history . she and nine other women from across the world were awarded the u.s. secretary of state 's international women of courage award last week . captain rahmandi and nine others were also awarded the coveted award .
the fad involves women tying a blue ribbon under the breasts and in a loop over the arms , tying them at the back , so every time they lift their arms , their curves become more prominent . the idea was inspired by a popular ` anime ' cartoon character whose ribbon-bound arms and chest has become her signature .
princess eugenie arrived at the for the love of cinema dinner in new york city on thursday during the tribeca film festival . her cousin of princes william and harry looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment . the 25-year-old royal has been living in the us for a year now .
ian gibson , 55 , was a lauded figure among u.s. safari enthusiasts , who would commission him to slaughter prized animals near his home in south africa . on wednesday , he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant in zimbabwe 's zambezi valley when the animal charged , and knelt on gibson until he died .
artist joerg duesterwald spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings . stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest near langenfeld , germany , yesterday by body-painting artist . his shoots are complex and he works hard to ensure that the camera settings and location are perfect .
roy day , 29 , and gerard lundie , 26 , targeted 13 homes over four months . but after duo left their dna at scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested . they were each jailed for five years and four months at birmingham crown court . they admitted once charge of conspiracy to commit burglary .
june whitfield 's next appearance will see her in a rather different role . the 89-year-old is set to make a guest appearance in the bbc soap next week . her character kat moon is suicidal after struggling to deal with sexual abuse she suffered as a child . her appearance comes after actor timothy west , 80 , criticised soaps for not valuing older characters and actors .
children of the 1970s and 1980s will likely remember the chunky , plastic fisher-price magnets that adorned fridges in family homes . but for some people , they had another unintended consequence ; the magnets forever changed the colours that people would associate with letters . study on synaesthesia - a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced colour when they hear sounds or read words .
tippi hedren , son of director noel marshall , is opening up about the infamous lion film the two made with their parents , roar . griffith , aged just 14 , leaps into the swimming pool in her sherman oaks , los angeles , home as she playfights with her enormous pet lion , neil . the film was originally released in 1981 and its 11-year production is infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew .
leanne kenny , 23 , from northwich , cheshire , reached almost 20 stone after repeatedly taking home end-of-the-line discounted junk food . it was n't until she broke down in a shop changing room when she could n't squeeze into their largest dress that she finally resolved to lose weight and cut out her unhealthy post-work snacks .
marli van breda was struck several times on the head and her throat in her family 's south african home in january . the 16-year-old was released from hospital last month after suffering severe brain damage . doctors say the former presbyterian ladies ' college student may never remember what happened on the fateful day she tragically lost her father , mother and eldest brother .
after next month 's general election , ministers could be asked to make sure easter day always falls between april 9 and 15 . in 1928 , the easter act was passed in parliament but it was unable to get the agreement of churches . it is thought that the roman catholic church did not object to the plans although they were never seriously discussed .
a number of people are currently paying around # 150 a week to live in flats in exclusive parts of mayfair and covent garden in london . the properties form part of affordable housing because of agreements with developers to provide low-cost provisions when new developments are built over a certain size . however the value of the housing stock has raised questions over whether they should be sold to fund more housing .
president barack obama announced today $ 200 million in additional u.s. humanitarian aid to iraq , but declined to say whether washington would provide apache helicopters , drones and other arms to baghdad . abadi is on his first trip to washington since becoming prime minister last september .
the hit us tv series house of cards features francis underwood , played by kevin spacey , and his wife claire . step two : ask the waiter for an extra-sharp steak knife . lunch is never just lunch when you 're dining in the shadow of capitol hill . it 's an exercise in power-broking and political assassination .
seven key tory policies would help get people on to the property ladder . pm said ` dream of home ownership is alive ' as he chatted to house builders . he said the ` greatest sunshine there can possibly be ' included helping more people but their own home , as well as getting a job and having dignity in retirement .
luke lazarus was sentenced on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father 's soho nightclub on may 12 , 2013 . the privileged son of andrew lazarus , the owner of the venue in sydney 's kings cross , was jailed for at least three years for the crime . the photo was posted on facebook on april 3 - a week after the owner 's son was convicted of raping a teenage girl at the club . the 23-year-
jake shaw , 21 , fell from the upper floor of the scout centre in switzerland . he had been volunteering as a climbing instructor at kandersteg international scout centre when the tragedy occurred last year . lincolnshire central assistant coroner paul smith concluded that jake 's death was an accident .
hannah moore , 20 , of broxburn , had suffered stretchmarks after twins . posted images in bid to boost her confidence and told followers : ` nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful ' . but two minutes later , mum of twins claims account was deleted because images were deemed to contain inappropriate ` nudity and violence ' .
drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , on friday . they got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up cash . video posted on facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing notes . police have warned that if anyone is caught with cash that was inside the truck - they could land themselves behind bars .
biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the mohamed naguib metro station . but then soon became to big to escape thanks to an elderly man called uncle abdo who fed him scraps of food every day . now , the feline in finally free thanks to a social media campaign .
chantelle doherty , 21 , was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man . she and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky . her friend martin lawrence , 27 , also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work . doherty has been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud .
audrie pott , 15 , fell asleep after drinking gatorade laced with vodka at a friend 's party in their hometown of saratoga . she awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body . her family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault and shared through text messages . the pair , who have not been named , admitted she was unconscious at the time and did not consent to their ` criminal acts ' as they
vietnamese binh wagner , 3 , and her identical twin phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to alagille syndrome . but when their adopted father michael chose her to receive his liver , which was a perfect match . now , thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor , binh and her sister are on their road to recovery .
sheriff mbye , also 18 , died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds . today an 18-year-old from the birmingham area was arrested at his home address on suspicion of murder . police were called to bristol road south in birmingham just before 5pm on friday to reports of a stabbing outside a kfc restaurant .
dante de blasio has been accepted into several top colleges including ivy league universities yale and brown . the mayor 's son , who is 17 and a senior at brooklyn technical high school will make his decision by the end of the month , sources close to gracie mansion said . despite his six figure salary as mayor and six figure rental income from the two properties he and his wife own in brooknes .
louise nesbitt was employed at perth mining exploration company dragon mountain gold . on january 12 last year , she mistakenly sent a text to her boss ' a complete d *** ' . she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents . she filed a unfair dismissal complaint with the fair work commission .
scientists found anti-fungal agent miconazole and the steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis . in laboratory tests , they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin , the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease .
nasa recently signed a contract with commercial spaceflight companies spacex and boeing with the intention to produce craft capable of transporting astronauts to the iss . expedition 42 commander barry wilmore and flight engineer terry virts recorded three spacewalks , known as extra vehicular activities , on gopro cameras outside the iss on february 25 and march 1 . the clip was recorded to give the future iss workers an idea of what they can expect when they go into space to maintain the
shannon dooley , 30 , has founded ` retrosweat ' - an eighties-inspired aerobics class in the style of jane fonda 's iconic workouts . described as ` freestyle aerobic workout ' , it has 12 dance tracks and dooley regularly mixes up the soundtrack to keep people excited each week .
ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls . party strategist said ` something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list . ukip won the rochester and strood by-election last november .
justin jackson , a florida man , has been accused of posing as oprah winfrey , executives from her tv network , reggie love and madonna 's manager in an attempt to trick people into giving him jobs , clothes , free food and jewelry worth $ 2.4 million . the latest claims say jackson pretended to be oprah and her representatives in the hope of getting more freebies - and even dreamed up new celebrity-linked schemes .
lisa courtney , of hertfordshire , has spent most of her life collecting pokemon memorabilia of all shapes and sizes . the 26-year-old has amassed so many during her 17-year hobby , she now holds the guinness world record for the largest collection of pokemon items .
two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years . the grey and white areas reveal higher peaks , while darker blues show deep craters . early theories claimed this mysterious region , roughly 1,600 miles -lrb- 2,600 km -rrb- across , was created by an asteroid impact . last year , nasa scientists proposed that the ocean of storms was in fact the result of the formation of ancient rift valleys .
maajid nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east london . footage shows the married father-of-one attempting to touch her arms and thighs . staff said he had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been ` outrageous ' . he is also a leading figure in the muslim community and head of anti-extremism charity the quilliam foundation .
youngster pelted israeli police with stones during rally in northern west bank . bemused officers , equipped with helmets and body armour , calmly watched as the child launched his own assault before racing away . incident raised fears that palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence .
delroy facey , 34 , is accused of conspiring with non-league player moses swaibu and others to commit bribery . facey is alleged to have contacted footballers about ` throwing ' lower league matches . he is also accused of offering him # 2,000 to corrupt greater manchester-based hyde fc player scott spencer .
david adam pate , 25 , from lancaster , north carolina , told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old ricky james 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in november 2013 . during the sentencing hearing , james ' two brothers described him as the ` devil ' , admitting that they wanted him to suffer in prison .
wandsworth council has announced it is set to remove the rule giving an automatic place to a pupil 's brothers and sisters . this comes after it was revealed that 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school , with more than 20,000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices . in the most oversubscribed areas , four in ten pupils are expected not to get a place at their favourite school .
video footage of one of the attacks shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey , as the water all around turns bloody . although killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent , this is the first time they have been seen around britain . scientists said the seals may have developed a taste for porpoises after sampling some caught in fishing nets and warned that people could be next .
kseniya soukeras , who is due in august , wants to name her unborn child michael , after her late father . her husband nicholas prefers the greek name spyridon , after his own father . the couple has turned to the general public to help them make a decision .
ryan wray , 26 , was formally charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse in relation to a series of alleged assaults that occurred between last october and his march 24 arrest . wray was tasked with keeping safe women who ` could no longer take care of themselves ' at parties at the off-campus frat house , the salt lake tribune reported . so far only the first alleged victim filed a statement with police .
alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 , on prince edward island last august . the judge called the brutal double-murder an act of ` hatred and misdirected vengeance ' . brent 's father , herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving .
the alarm clock , called wakē , rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound . the wall-mounted device creates a ` personal sunrise ' and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner . it uses a white led to slowly illuminate the area around a sleeper 's face to gently wake them up , with the aim of making them feel alert faster .
the potential goldmine in the weald basin , across surrey , sussex , hampshire and kent , could meet up to a third of britain 's oil demand within 15 years . this could reduce reliance on oil from the middle east and russia and could be a major boost for british industry at a time when the north sea supply is dwindling .
yazidi girl has recently been released after nearly a year as a prisoner . more than 200 yazidi women , children and elderly were released near kirkuk . they were piled onto minibuses that drove them to a handover southwest of iraq . but instead , instead , they were taken by isis militants and released .
the donor , who is known to church officials , sent the money along with a note . it said they wanted to help safeguard the church ` for the next hundred years ' . the cash will be put towards the abbey 's restoration fund . the church has been granted # 10.4 million of heritage lottery funding .
amy hughes , 26 , decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year . the sports therapist started her first marathon in chester on august 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in manchester on september 27 . incredibly , the challenge saw amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different trainers as she smashed the world record .
newcastle on a friday will do perfectly well but if it 's real wild life you 're after , then a british safari is extraordinarily rewarding . so here are a few suggestions they 're all easy to reach , require no deep knowledge , and the wildlife is as reliable as a wild thing can be .
pete evans has shared an incredible story about a woman who claims she no longer suffers multiple sclerosis . the 30-year-old woman , known only as hollie , wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in september 2013 . the celebrity chef also shared a similarly remarkable testimony by marg , another ms sufferer .
the search for jessica bialek is over after she returned to her home this evening . the 37-year-old had been missing since about 8:30 am on wednesday morning . her husband , sabino matera , confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30 pm . police have confirmed ms bialk returned home , and she is now speaking with officers about her disappearance .
st. louis blues forward ryan reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked face-first into the glass by chicago blackhawks defenseman brent seabrook . reaves calmly digs around his mouth until he grabs the loose tooth , pulls it out of his mouth and hands it to his trainer . it is unknown as to what period the check occurred in or if reaves returned to the ice , one tooth lighter .
researchers studied effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice using a high-tech mri scanner at the hadassah medical school in jerusalem . only 46 per cent of the liver had regenerated after two days . in older , pregnant mice around 96 per cent had . regenerated in that time .
the wmo hurricane committee deemed the name inappropriate . as the name of an ancient goddess of egypt , isis had been on the wmo list of names for hurricanes in 2016 . the hurricane committee also backed mexico 's request to retire the name odile because of the storm . the group stands accused of committing brutal atrocities against civilians by un war crimes investigators .
doug hughes , 61 , landed his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol last wednesday to protest campaign finance laws . he is now under house arrest in florida as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone . on monday , hughes called his 80-mile journey to the capitol ' a huge thrill ' and shared footage of the flight from virginia , across washington d.
julia van herck , 42 , from fulham , underwent surgery after ballooning to 23 stone after tying the knot with stefan in 1993 . she wore a size 26 to size 28 and would regularly comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas because she was scared her husband might leave her . fears proved unfounded and a health scare finally prompted her to lose weight .
the suffering of jalila is just one of a number of harrowing accounts given by women who have escaped captured by isis . the study undertaken by human rights watch found fighters were kidnapping women and children as young as eight , forcing them to marry and convert to islam . their actions amount to war crimes - and possibly crimes against humanity .
the creature , named hyalinobatrachium dianae , was found in the mountains of eastern costa rica and has a distinctive call . while most of its body is a brilliant lime green , the skin on its underside is see-though , making its organs easily visible . scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog , given that a survey of the region was conducted late last century , and reported their find in the journal zootaxa .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen at a woolworths supermarket at leeton , 550km west of sydney , on easter sunday afternoon . she was due to marry her partner of five years on saturday . police have launched a state-wide search for the teacher .
the ufo map was created by writer levi pearson , who used a ufo sighting dataset from the national ufo reporting centre and open source software from cartodb . it shows sightings of extra-terrestrials around the world in the last 76 years -- and seems to suggest we have more cosmic visitors than ever . the number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world , according to the map .
the mortgage wars will erupt again next week after hsbc announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix . experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described the move as ` astonishing ' . fifteen lenders had already cut rates across their ranges in the past week but more are likely to follow now .
three youngsters won a competition to visit mi5 's london hq . the children even got to attend a meeting with the security service 's director-general andrew parker . it comes at a time when the uk 's intelligence agencies are busier than ever before fighting threats from al qaeda , islamic state and russia .
emma hannigan had her breasts and ovaries removed in 2006 to reduce her risk of cancer after she was diagnosed with the faulty brca1 gene . the gene increases a woman 's chance of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent , and ovarian cancer by 50 per cent . despite the drastic surgery , the 42-year-old has battled the disease a staggering nine times , including four bouts in the space of a year .
youtuber dave hax 's new kitcken trick lets cooks peel potatoes without using a peeler . start by taking a sharp knife and running the blade carefully around the middle of the potato , without letting it cut through the potato flesh . when they 're ready , drain the water into another pan , leaving the potatoes in the first one .
zachary davis was fifteen when he bludgeoned his mother 's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling josh . on tuesday , a court in hendersonville heard how davis , now 17 , laughed as he killed his mother melanie davis in august 2012 , leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing . davis is charged with first-degree murder , attempted first-
nadine crooks , 33 , was stunned to discover she was expecting again . she stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome following the birth of her son joshua 18 months ago . doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again after cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries .
more than 700 asiatic black bears , over a third of those held in captivity in vietnam , have allegedly been butchered in the past year alone . farmers claim the extinction-threatened bears are dying from disease and old age -- but sources say owners are killing them to ` extract the last ounce of blood ' . vietnamese government faces a race against time to get them to a sanctuary in tam dao national park 120 miles away run by british charity animals asia
the organizers of the homophobic protest at mcguffey high school in washington county encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing ` anti-gay ' on their hands . the event was held last thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters .
water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called ` gray water ' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by governor jerry brown last week . those techniques may appear weird to some - like the toilet that doubles as a sink and used washing machine water used to water fruit trees - but these californians maintain it 's the inevitable future of water conservation .
flight lieutenant stephen beaumont took his cherished bear with him on every flight . he took it to defend britain from the aerial onslaught from hitler 's luftwaffe . the pilot gave his teddy , named bea , a raf tie and printed royal crest . it is now being tipped to sell for an estimated # 10,000 when it goes under the hammer .
ed sheeran , who is currently touring new zealand , took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday . ms knight had planned on being at sheeran 's concert in auckland having bought tickets back in october , but just two weeks later she was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia . the teenager had to endure countless chemotherapy treatments and a bone marrow transplant , which meant she was forced to give up her tickets .
richard rogers , a hawaii shipwreck chaser , worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii , aka liholiho , the second king of hawaii . every bit of it is royal treasure , rogers said .
the robot , named bb-8 , took to the stage at star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california , where it literally ran rings around the retro droid on its spherical body . jj abrams , the film 's director , confirmed that a real robot was used during filming , but did not reveal how it works .
sir david nicholson is the latest expert to warn that ed miliband 's plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going . he was branded the ` man with no shame ' after refusing to resign over the mid staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths . his replacement as chief executive simon stevens drew up a # 30billion rescue package called forward view .
nigel short , 49 , said women should accept they were ` hard-wired very differently ' and were n't as adept at playing chess as men . he made the comments when explaining why there were so few women in competitive chess . but critics immediately pointed out that he lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster .
the couple , who have two teenage daughters , met when fualaau was in her second grade class in seattle . she then taught him again in sixth grade . letourneau said they began to spend more time together as she helped him develop his drawing skills that school year and by the summer , their relationship turned sexual .
davion navar henry only , 16 , became the face of adoption and an example of all the struggles faced by many teenagers in the system when he stood up in a suit and told worshipers at florida 's st mark missionary baptist church . most of all , davion said he just wanted a family that would ` love him forever ' .
researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin e found in foods such as kale and almonds can mitigate the stress on immune cells . whenever a virus or other pathogen enters our bodies , a certain class of immune cells - the t cells , eliminate the virus by killing cells it has infected . but a week can pass before these t cells start to take their toll on a virus .
real health studios in colorado has developed a weight loss app called visualize you . it calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight . shown on the left is tv star james corden at his current weight , 210lbs -lrb- 95kg -rrb- , and on the right he is seen after digitally losing 60lbs . users are shown an original and a slimmer version , with a slider , so they can compare how they would look before and after losing
hillary clinton 's secret service-approved campaign van , nicknamed ` scooby , ' stopped in iowa on tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle that hauled the former secretary of state from new york to the american midwest . unlike on monday when hillary stopped at an ohio chipotle for lunch , she popped into a coffee house in le claire , iowa , for a cup of joe - and of tea . at tuesday
mohammed waqar , 23 , and mohammed siddique , 60 , are accused of assaulting the youngster at the uk islamic mission 's -lrb- ukim -rrb- jamia mosque in sparkbrook , birmingham . the boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons . it 's alleged on one occasion he suffered a black eye .
the letter was sent from white star lines to christopher moody 's family . it asks for # 20 - the equivalent of # 2,000 in today 's money - to return his body . mr moody , 24 , died after the titanic hit an iceberg on its maiden voyage .
nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen . when she could n't find it , she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it . finally , almost half a year later , the mystery was solved when the mother-of-three , based in sitka , alaska , saw a post on a facebook sales site .
kendall schler crept onto the go ! st. louis marathon 's course last weekend after the last checkpoint , did n't record any of her times electronically along the way . schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race -lrb- violation of race protocol -rrb- and her spot in the event has been vacated . her finish time that qualified her to run in monday 's boston marathon has now been erased , and
ben fogle is a regular at the martinhal beach resort in portugal . the high-end resort , which opened in 2010 , is renowned as one of the best in the algarve for a luxury family holiday . despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here and the golden sand being warm beneath your toes , the water is cold .
delonte martistee , 22 , and ryan calhoun , 23 , have been officially suspended from troy university in the wake of sexual assault claims . the two were arrested this week after police uncovered cellphone footage of the two assaulting an unconscious girl at the spinnaker beach club in panama city , florida . the unidentified victim believes she was drugged before the incident .
nine other worlds in total are now suspected to have some form of subsurface ocean containing far more water than is on earth . nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface . it followed claims by dr ellen stofan , chief scientist for the agency , that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years .
marisa curlen , 20 , was a sophomore at the harrisonburg college and a member of the alpha phi sorority . police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death , but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play . the fresh-faced blonde beauty who studied managment at james madison university was found unresponsive in her room friday .
cristina coria , a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child , helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband 's custom-painted blue 2003 chevy stepside . in order to make it happen , the houston resident got a little help from facebook . coria arranged to meet the suspect with her husband at a gas station parking lot near i-45 in houston , texas .
andras janos vass , 25 , was found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering felonies this week after grooming fellow hungarians online . vass brought men to america with the promises of easy work and high wages - then took their travel documents , threatened their families , and made them spend 20 hours a day on sex work .
more than 2,000 families have fled the iraqi city of ramadi after isis forces intensified their offensive on the city . the advance is widely seen as an isis ' attempt at an counteroffensive after being forced to abandon the important city of tikrit . prior to the current bout of fighting , some 400,000 iraqis were already displaced , including 60,000 in ramadi district .
people in california , for instance , are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central us . to create the map , researchers at yale university asked people if they believed global warming is happening . they were also asked questions such as whether they would support research into renewable energies and what they think about carbon limits . nationally , 52 per cent of americans are worried about global warming .
emmanuel sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench . anti-immigrant violence has spread across south africa in recent weeks and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots . the four men accused of his murder will remain in custody until a full trial , set to be held on may 4th .
unmanned aerial vehicle -lrb- uav -rrb- reported buzzing around manchester airport . flights were delayed or diverted while a police helicopter scoured the area . flights resumed after police search failed to turn up any evidence that a drone was operating in air space used by commercial airliners .
swiss scientists say they have detected the gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as antarctica and concentrations have been rising globally in the past decade . the gases are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide . the world needs to prepare itself for a rapid increase in the speed of climate change , scientists have warned .
the national guard was first activated in ferguson in august after missouri governor jay nixon declared a state of emergency when riots and looting broke out amid peaceful demonstrations over police brutality . many in the community accused the national guard of making an already tense situation worse . officers were told by superiors to change references to ` enemy forces ' instead .
the harry potter books have sold more than 450 million copies since the first was published in 1997 . by scanning the brains of participants as they read passages from the collection , researchers discovered that the common use of ` arousing words ' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion . the emotional potential of words is rated in terms of valence and arousal ratings .
prime minister has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy , the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family . he admits the comparison is ` not great ' with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from the 11-year-old . now in its sixth series , modern family is one of the biggest sitcoms to come out of american since friends .
california supplies more than three-quarters of the world 's $ 4.93 billion almond market . this has also seen local residents attack the bottled water industry . almond growers in california are at the centre of a row over water usage during one of the worst droughts in decades .
google introduced the app in february as a ` safer ' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to ` family-focused content ' . but the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it 's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials . they say digital media should be subject to the same rules as television , which limits commercial content on kids ' programming .
graham palmer , 52 , works out of middlesbrough station . he has been giving safety announcements and other messages in verse since last year when northern rail encouraged their guards to give their addresses a festive flavour . he even customises the self-penned couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through .
dallas nurse nina pham contracted ebola while caring for thomas eric duncan , the first u.s. patient to die from the deadly disease . pham , who remains employed at texas health presbyterian hospital dallas but has not returned to work , seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit . the hospital says it respected pham 's privacy and only acted with her consent .
zella jackson price , 76 , and melanie diane gilmore , 49 , met in-person at price 's olivette home . when price gave birth at homer g. phillips hospital so many years ago , she was told the infant had died . but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption by another family .
the atlanta hawks player made the statement through his club 's twitter account , saying that his injury had left him in ` great pain ' . sefolosha was wrestled over by officers and grabbed around the neck last week on the same night that indiana pacers player chris copeland and his wife were stabbed . the 6 ' 7 '' swingman was arrested alongside teammate pero antić for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene .
stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against influenza a strain h3n2 and influenza b strain b/phuket . the decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere as the vaccine was not a good match to fight against the two types of flu . high-risk groups - such as the very young and very old , and most indigenous australians - will be able to access free , government
tyrus byrd , 40 , was sworn into office in parma last week , but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force , the city attorney , clerk and water treatment supervisor . the officials all cited ` safety concerns ' in their resignation letters , the outgoing mayor says .
the mhox eye concept is designed to replace and even enhance the vision compared to a normal eye . the group plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions . while currently still just a concept , the project raises the prospect of what bio-engineering may make possible in years to come .
the revered writer , who penned shawshank redemption and the shining , slammed warner brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and tv mini-series . finally , three years later , things are back on track - this time with sony . the eight-book series written between 1970 and 2012 follows a ` gunslinger ' on his journey towards a tower .
cindy santamaria-williams , of stroudsburg , pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on easter sunday . she said she shushed three girls in the dark theater during fast and furious 7 because they were cursing loudly . police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said they will face assault charges if caught .
young fisherman in thailand reeled in the catch of the day after hooking a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod . but at this point it is n't clear whether or not he has hooked anything . the young boy crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side while reeling .
reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children and many of the schemes are hilarious and genius . one user 's mother used her son 's naughty behaviour as a cheap means to improve her house . every time he stepped out of line - she set him a diy task in her garden .
marilyn zuniga , a teacher at forest street school in orange , new jersey , controversially had her third graders write letters to mumia abu-jamal and then sent them to the cop killer as he was recovering in hospital . she has now been suspended without pay , pending an investigation .
a traditional wedding march played as the love-struck pooches were led down the aisle by their owners to ` exchange vows ' . forty-two dogs tied the knot at the wedding , which is complete with tulle wedding dresses and celebrity owners . organisers set up lavish flower arches and banquet tables in the park , where the couples showed off their outfits .
shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax if labour form the next government . he was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax into which millions of people have been dragged in recent years . businesses are already concerned about labour 's stated plans not to cut corporation tax .
the wonderland house in brighton sleeps up to 24 , with tea party sets , queen of heart themed bunk beds , or alternatively try the snug looking glass cottage with décor inspired by the fantasy story . guests will feel like they have stepped into the pages of the popular book , as no detail in has been overlooked in bringing the story to life .
the number of australians visiting bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year . indonesia institute president ross taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of bali nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns . mini marts would be the initial focus of the alcohol ban , which would be broadened but not apply to certain locations to protect tourism .
cleopatra was known for her love of perfume , liberally applying lotus and rose oil to her upper lip . she believed that smelling divine was the real key to a man 's heart . perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality .
the australian retail giant , who own just jeans , portmans , dotti , peter alexander , jacqui e , and jay jays , have so far refused to back down on their stance . peta australia has been petitioning the just group to reconsider their position after revealing the horrific treatment of rabbits at chinese angora farms .
barbie 's style-centric instagram account , @barbiestyle , launched last august , swarms of fashion lovers have become fans of her ` official style feed ' . racked recently got the behind-the-scenes scoop on all the outfit changes , international trips , and vip invites that go into producing the doll 's hugely popular page .
ophelia conant had managed to crawl backwards through a gap in the cot . but was left hanging mid air by her neck and was only saved because her mother was watching her on the baby monitor . furniture boss phillip dickens was today fined # 50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence .
grand rapids , michigan police have an arrest warrant out for suspect jalin smith-walker in connection to the monday evening fight . as of thursday morning authorities say they are still attempting to locate the young woman . in december she was arrested for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting .
stefan stoykov moved to the us from bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of english . now 18 , he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet -- and a further ten big league universities . he admits he can hardly believe it .
chloe jackson , 19 , appeared on today 's this morning to talk about how facebook makes her feel lonely . half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely at some point . a third of the under 34-year-olds said they found it hard to make new friends .
tories claim vladimir putin would be happy with ed miliband because he can not be trusted to keep our trident submarines . defence secretary michael fallon led a ferocious assault on the labour leader claiming he is a ` backstabber ' . tories also pointed to a survey suggesting up to three-quarters of labour election candidates oppose the replacement of trident .
fast food giant has installed metal studs outside leeds mcdonald 's . critics say they are uncomfortable to sleep on and installed on areas which used to be benches . but critics say it is only about anti-social behaviour , not anti-homeless behaviour . mcdonalds say they have received support from across the globe .
aluel manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the royal children 's hospital about 5.15 pm on friday , and greeted her distraught mother , akon goode , with a ` big hug ' . ms guode visited her daughter for the first time but did not stay the night in the hospital . her siblings - one-year-old twins madit and anger - died after their mother plunged into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne 's outer
the state of oklahoma has removed protection for gay people who use ride-sharing services uber and lyft . initially , the company services act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity . however , sen. jason smalley has rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination .
finder.com.au money and real estate expert michelle hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home . putting in new lights and light fittings can make a home stand out , just like this home for sale in sandy bay in tasmania . it 's expected to fetch upwards of $ 2.5 m .
jo burston , 43 , achieved a turnover of $ 40 million in her first four years of business . the australian entrepreneur 's ballsy attitude helped land her an investor in very unusual circumstances for her first business job capital . ' i was running a services company with an 80 million dollar turnover and realised i wanted more , ' says burston .
president cristina fernandez de kirchner promised to protect falklands from ` argentinian bullying ' . buenos aires responded by accusing three british oil firms of working without permission . legal complaint listed rockhopper exploration , premier oil , falkland oil and gas limited and us firms noble energy and edison international .
hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis . she has called for the new tips from former smokers ad , commissioned by the centers for disease control and prevention , to be banned . the 30 second ad features julia , 58 , who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old .
john frost says he ` would n't trust a nun with a crutch ' . other passengers try to sneak through red and green channels considerably more heavily laden . frost has had ` to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you ' . hospitals were put on the alert to look out for ` anyone who had trouble sitting down ' .
karen buckley , 24 , disappeared from glasgow club in early hours of sunday . cctv cameras filmed her talking to man outside club before getting into car . but fears over irish student 's safety were heightened yesterday after police revealed they had tracked down the man and he is not being treated as a suspect .
jobless keith macdonald , 29 , has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers . he was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he 's split from the unborn child 's mother . macdonald says he gets most of his women by chatting up on the bus .
the man , found on the streets of gniezno in western poland in february , told police that he has no memory of who he is or where he is . locals told police he appeared disorientated and was walking into traffic , so an ambulance was called to the scene . since then , he has remained in a psychiatric unit , but his memory has yet to return .
freddie gray , 27 , died sunday after he ` had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' following his arrest by four bicycle officers for an undisclosed violation . baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake vowed to ensure the city held ` the right people accountable ' after his early-morning death .
dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help nermin kancefer months after she moved in to his # 615,000 flat . he disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years . but the mother-of-one , 50 , insists mr sears had a change of heart after falling out with his family .
robin esser has worked in newspapers for 60 years . his best stories are from his days as editor of the william hickey gossip column . esser rang blenheim palace , home to the duke of marlborough . fearing a hoax , esser put the phone down without further conversation .
david cameron is said to have watched the great british bake off in the past which could explain these cake cases . many of the unusual trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites which often include a ` gift ' category . ukip have focused on a more wearable range of accessories .
us comic jay pharoah accidentally used two clips of another african-american comic when promoting upcoming guest on saturday night live . waleed aly apologised for the embarrassing blunder , admitting ` we stuffed up ' later on during the program . the project were promoting their upcoming interview with us comedian michael che .
charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after french air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month . easyjet told its hard-hit passengers to pay a # 10 fee . association of european airlines confirmed no other airline has attempted to charge for this and said customers should not be charged .
in essex and kent , crime victims are waiting up to a third longer for a response . in bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes . in cambridgeshire and south wales average 999 response times have increased by 17 percent . shadow home secretary yvette cooper said victims of crime were being put at risk .
robert ewing , 60 , is accused of murdering 15-year-old paige chivers . the schoolgirl disappeared from her family home in blackpool , lancashire , in august 2007 . ewing allegedly rang police anonymously less than a fortnight before she went missing to tell officers that a ` problem child ' had turned up on his doorstep having been thrown out by her father .
the omura 's whale was discovered on a remote exmouth beach in wa . it is the first sighting of the species in wa and only the second in australia . it left authorities confused as they struggled to identify the rare species . the whale has a sleek body shape and several unique skeletal features .
duchess of cambridge , 33 , wore # 35 asos polka-dot dress to seraphine shifts . kate , of which she was once a die-hard fan , has had to make way for it . l.k bennett , also a favourite , also remains a favourite .
mohammed nisar , 55 , had been driving sole trader adrian quinn to walsall train station when the passenger hopped out of the vehicle in a rush . he had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque from his inheritance following the death of his mother .
the orcasub takes you 2000 feet beneath the surface in two pressurised perspex viewing domes for optimum exploration . the streamlined vessel was built with the intention of allowing explorers to come eye to eye with the creatures of the deep without scaring them off . adventurers can explore up to 2,000 ft below the surface at a speed of 6 knots per hour .
erica ginnetti , 35 , a married mother of three from philadelphia , pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor . during her sentencing , montgomery county court judge garrett d. page reportedly asked ` what young man would not jump on that candy ? ' . page made the ` dangling candy ' comment as he chastised ginneti for sending the student explicit photos and videos of herself .
deputy labour leader has refused to rule out above-inflation increases . asked if the party would raise the levy on petrol , she told lbc radio : ` we rule out increasing vat , the basic or the higher rate of tax , we will not put up the national insurance rates ' .
austrian designers , maya pindeus , 24 , and johanna pichlbauer , 25 , have created a robot that takes the effort out of applying make-up . the device applies eyeliner with a long black brush , while an attachment smears lipstick on lips , before lighting up when the process is complete .
graeme finlay , 53 , is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship . he says he was ` ignored ' when he joined their table and so moved to another after looking at the menu . the couple were ambushed outside their room by a passenger who had earlier sat with them in the restaurant .
dave heeley , 57 , from west bromwich , ran the gruelling challenge over six days as he battled through sand dunes , dried river beds and rocks . father-of-three , known affectionately by his friends as ` blind dave ' , took part in the marathon des sables where competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can rise to 50 degrees .
the head of the royal college of nursing said nurses who had faced five years of pay freezes would struggle to comprehend the six per cent pay rise for their bosses . patient groups said the packages were indefensible when patients were seeing spiralling waiting times and cuts to routine procedures . main political parties promised an inquiry , saying bosses were manipulating the system .
martin richard , henry richard and jane richard wrote an op-ed in the boston globe , saying they oppose the death penalty for convicted terrorist dzhokhar tsarnaev . the richards say they are thankful to the government prosecutors for their ` tireless and committed ' work to bring justice . they are now asking them to drop the fight for execution and sign a plea deal to send the 21-year-old to jail for the rest of his life .
gemma , 34 , unveils updated fashion range for plus-size retailer evans . showcased collection at one of the high street chain 's flagship stores in manchester . revealed much of her triumph comes from inspiring voluptuous women to feel more confident in their curves . she said : ' i think that sums me up as i have curves and love my shape ' .
indiana has seen a ` significant increase ' in the number of cases of hiv more than two weeks into a short-term needle exchange program approved by gov. mike pence . there are now 120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county , about 30 miles north of louisville , kentucky . that 's up from 106 last week , said the indiana state department of health . health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they
sabrina osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in naracoorte at about midday on sunday . she was driving a friend 's car about 110km south to mount gambier in south australia 's southeast . the 25-year-old was nowhere in sight .
the eight-inch leather dildo with a wooden head was discovered during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship in gdansk , poland . it was found in the latrine and dates back to the second half of the 18th century . the artifact has now been taken away for preservation work .
taxpayers topped a table of most-loathed fees and charges in poll . atm cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges topped list . 48 per cent thought they should be free , while 31 per cent said they are too high . most atms are free to use , but those in places such as nightclubs .
noelle baynham was found by a friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door . it is believed the 61-year-old from winchester , hampshire , collapsed and died following an accidental overdose of medication . pathologist could not determine the cause of death because the dogs , who were trapped in the house , ate parts of her vital organs .
waitrose announced the early arrival of its first british tomatoes of the year . it is stocking large jack hawkins , aromatic red choice and tiny baby plums . strawberries are also already on the shelves - far earlier than normal - and english raspberries saw their earliest ever appearance in march .
abdul hadi arwani , 48 , a fierce critic of president bashar al-assad , may have been assassinated by the governing regime in his home country . the father of six was found slumped in a volkswagen passat with wounds to his chest on tuesday morning . his son murhaf issued a statement on behalf of the family , calling for witnesses to come forward and paying tribute to the political dissident who fled syria after being apparently sentenced to death by assad
the city of 100,000 souls on the shores of lake titicaca could leave you breathless for all the wrong reasons . situated on a vast plateau in the andes , it is higher than any alpine ski resort , and you need to go gently the first few days you 're here .
supermodel , 44 , and jourdan , 24 , unveiled as faces of burberry 's new eyewear range . second joint campaign for the catwalk stars sees them cuddling up on set and modelling the seasonal styles inspired by gabardine - a fabric invented by thomas burberry .
pump seed oil is thought to help enhance your mood , renew skin and even reduce menopause symptoms . experts say it 's time to replace coconut oil with pumpkin seed oil , which is being touted as the new must-have - and , of course , health aficionado gwyneth paltrow is already a fan .
teenager wanted to obtain abrin online without being found by traditional search engines . he was caught after an investigation was launched by the north west counter-terrorism unit in january . he will be sentenced later this month for the offence , which is contrary to the criminal attempts act 1974 and section 1 of the biological weapons act 1974 .
jia huaijin , 33 , hand-makes swords in rural china that sell for up to # 22,000 each . he uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords . mr jia would have been the type used by warriors in the han dynasty .
the attacker detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle outside a bank in jalalabad , afghanistan early saturday morning . the group , which included military personnel as well as civilians , were waiting to receive their monthly salaries . one witness said a man in a suit arrived on a motorbike seconds earlier , as others gather to try and help .
victoria beckham did it . so did kim kardashian . the offspring of some of sydney 's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of ellery , alice mccall and maticevski - highly-coveted tickets that many fully grown adults failed to snag an invitation to .
the uss theodore roosevelt and eight other combat vessels are suspected of carrying weapons to the houthi rebels in yemen . the cargo ships ' presence raised fears within the saudi-led coalition which is helping yemen 's government fight off iranian-backed rebels . the coalition of arab countries continued its aerial assault on the rebels today , killing at least 20 in the capital sana'a .
the knightsbridge flat , london , is on sale for a fraction of the price of neighbouring homes . the cost would work out at # 191,000 per year , or # 15,000 a month - which is around the going rate for renting a three-bedroom flat . it is one of two maisonettes being sold with three years remaining on the lease .
janek zylinski , the aristocratic son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after declaring he had ` had enough ' of the ukip leader . he says a duel with swords is what any self-respecting 18th century polish aristocrat and an english gentleman would do .
isabelle obert , a nutrition consultant , believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they meet . one in seven couples have trouble conceiving - and it 's often not clear why . she believes a diet rich in minerals , vitamins , essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman 's body for conception .
labour leader says the bobby on the beat is ` at risk of disappearing ' . rising numbers of serious criminals ` being let off the hook ' , he says . lord stephens is be investigated over cover-up of police corruption . comes after chaotic launch of plan to abolish non-dom tax status .
petri kurti , 13 , murdered glynis bensley , 47 , as she walked home in smethwick . cctv footage shows him stamping on her face so hard it left footprint on her cheek . co-defendant , zoheb majid , sentenced to 10 years behind bars .
jeremy clarkson , 55 , said receiving a cancer warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life . in an attempt to explain his state of mind at the time of the attack , he said : ` we were in the middle of a top gear series and top gear always came first ' .
the converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden . around 25 years ago , the distinctive toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today . the conversion took place at the same time homeden was being tuned into a block of flats providing the owners with a unique opportunity to buy some of the original features of the mansion . the blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to
jessica bialek vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30 am on wednesday . her husband sabino matera posted a heartfelt thank you on social media . the 37-year-old was home with a post on his facebook page . police launched an investigation into her disappearance and the local community pulled together to find her .
police have released an image of a bearded young man they want to speak to in relation to a suspected arson attack on a melbourne church . the dandenong fire was one of a string of suspected arson attacks on three catholic churches with links to paedophile priests . the church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased convicted paedophile father kevin o'donnell .
harry was out with his parents in cambridge on bank holiday monday . he was caught under a cyclist 's wheel and dragged along the path . angela buckler , 34 , said the female cyclist rode off without showing any remorse . police have urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident .
stephanie scott went missing on easter sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following friday . her father robert said it is especially painful that stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to . a guest list of 120 people had been invited to her wedding at the picturesque eat your greens venue in eugowra .
green party leader natalie bennett has been dating jim jepps for five years . the couple met five years ago when ms bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her , but now the green party stresses they do not ` want to be associated ' with his internet rants . mr jepps appears to have deliberately courted controversy with a series of controversial blog posts often related to sex , rape or paedophiles .
elon musk pursued a sale of his struggling electric-car company tesla to google in 2013 , according to an excerpt of a book published on monday . in march 2013 , musk contacted google co-founder larry page , which cited two people close to the situation . but page declined to comment on the matter , but told vance that a ` car company is pretty far from what google knows ' .
linda mclean was in her classroom at pine eagle charter school in halfway , oregon in august of that year when a masked man burst in with a gun , lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger . the 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her ` preparedness ' or that the gun was loaded with blanks . now , years after learning of the ` harebrained scheme , ' oregon live reports that mclean is
max maisel went missing on february 21 after his car was found abandoned . the 21-year-old 's body was spotted by a fisherman around 200 yards from a coast guard station on monday . the family , from fairfield , connecticut , have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999 .
the brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely to be convicted of such crimes , according to an nhs study . they also found the sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line . the findings show that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in risk between close relatives of offenders and men from the general population were genetically driven .
tim tebow , 27 , has n't played a snap in the nfl since being cut by the new england patriots before the 2013 season . tebow 's florida gators defeated bradford and the no. 1 ranked oklahoma sooners 21-14 . he will wear no. 11 with the team .
kate t. parker , from atlanta , georgia , was inspired to create her aptly-titled series strong is the new pretty . while pouring over photos she snapped her daughters ella , nine , and alice , six , playing sports and enjoying their childhoods . ms parker said the project became about capturing my girls and their friends as they truly are .
professor eric cline , director of the capitol archaeological institute at george washington university , claims that a series of droughts , famines , climate change , earthquakes , invasions and internal rebellions between 1225bc and 1177 bc happened in quick succession . pollen grains obtained from the bottom of the sea of galilee have also provided similar evidence that the region endured a 150 year drought between 1250bc and 1100bc .
the golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the elvis at the o2 exhibition from sunday . even during presley 's lifetime , the tuxedo carried a level of mystique . his manager colonel tom parker had it ferried to concert venues in an armoured truck and under armed guards as a way of drumming up more press coverage .
mick tabone , 74 , who previously owned and ran johnstone river crocodile farm and zoo in far-north queensland first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989 . for 20 years the farmer would sit on the enormous creature 's back while he chatted to him , and never once felt as though he was in danger . rangers had already been trying to capture gregory , who had apparently been killing cattle in eubenangee swamp near mirriwinn
grayson moore , 22 , is a math student at the university of utah and first came to terms with being transgender in junior high . he began taking testosterone hormones several years later after switching to wearing boys ' clothes , swap his name to grayson and start living as a male . he could face discipline from church elders if they are already a member of the religion .
the unnamed caller gave the operator a blow-by-blow account as he wandered behind rafi meitiv , 10 , and his sister dvora , 6 , in silver spring on sunday . the caller said he saw ` two kids that are unaccompanied , and they 've been walking around for probably 20 minutes by themselves ' . their parents have been cited multiple times for allowing their kids to roam free in their suburban neighborhood .
candine cahill was serving as the team 's mascot ahead of their match against north melbourne at adelaide oval on sunday . but just moments before she was due to walk out with the burly footballers , the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans . tex quickly stepped up to help calm satine down before taking her hand and walking with her onto the field .
westley capper , 37 , has admitted driving agnese klavina , 30 , away from the nightspot in the upmarket costa del sol resort of puerto banus . the overweight expat has never been publicly named - and showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned .
justin welby will say 148 christian students were ` witnesses ' to their faith and suffered ` cruel deaths ' . comments follow pope francis ' denunciation of ` senseless ' killings at garissa university college , in which christians were singled out and shot . three people arrested on suspicion of involvement in attack in north-east of kenya , bringing total number of suspects being held to five .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their evans , georgia home . the mom-of-five , who admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce , also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom . but earlier this week , her daughter defended her actions , saying : ` everyone makes mistakes ' .
charlotte li , 26 , from london , decided to design healthy selfie with her husband joe after they both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick . she said the idea for it came after an over-indulgent christmas left her feeling ` fat and unhealthy ' .
the faux-gothic victorian castle hotel mohonk mountain house is located in the heart of the hudson valley . it is located on the fringes of the monumental shawangunk ridge , a vast cliff band that runs down through pennsylvania to new jersey . the kids ' club is the best we have experienced .
jihadi attempting to launch attack on kurdish peshmerga forces near kirkuk . but as car approaches , car detonates like a firework , either due to explosives or fuel tank igniting . what 's left of car is then seen dropping back down into massive cloud of smoke . comes as iraq 's prime minister said his country needs greater support from u.s.
edwin ` jock ' mee allegedly told 18-year-old that her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him . he is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an army careers centre in croydon , south london .
gerry pickens , 28 , was fired by the chief of police in orting , washington , after just under a year on the town 's police force . he claims he was more used to drugs busts and violent robberies at his previous posting in atlanta , georgia - but took a pay cut and moved to quiet orting .
the former drummer and a founding member of the southern hard rock band lynyrd skynyrd , robert ` bob ' burns jr , died late friday in a single-vehicle crash near cartersville , georgia . burns ' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve , striking a mailbox and a tree . burns was one of five people who founded the band in jacksonville , florida , and played on its first two albums .
the niobe mural has been seized from bilal khaled , who is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the darduna family . the now homeless family in the impoverished islamist-run palestinian enclave says they were ` tricked ' into parting with the valuable collector 's item . it is now being held at khan yunis public library until this issue is resolved .
president robert mugabe arrived into south africa today for a state visit . but upon closer inspection , it was apparent he was sporting a new hairstyle . comical image emerged amid claims president of zimbabwe is lining up daughter to succeed him . it is not the first time an amusing image of the 91-year-old dictator has surfaced .
sir ranulph fiennes , 71 , completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race . he was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run . the explorer previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass , a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes .
doug hughes , 61 , spent two years planning his stunt , which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of congress . now under arrest , he has been chaperoned back to his home in ruskin , florida , where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing next month .
neil macgregor , 68 , has been at the helm of the british museum since 2002 . he said it was ' a difficult thing ' to decide to leave after 13 years . he previously ran the national gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster . the museum in great russell street is ` now ready to embark on a new phase ' .
richard ilczyszyn , a leading financial broker , could be heard ` groaning ' and ` crying ' by staff on the orange county-bound plane as it prepared to land . but rather than seeking medical help , the attendants allegedly left the father-of-three in the cubicle and , on landing , letting off all other passengers before calling paramedics . distraught wife kelly , who is a southwest flight attendant , is filing a wrongful death suit against the airline for failing to act .
tiger woods was on the ninth hole when he found himself 470 yards away from the pin with the ball nestled in pine straws . however when he followed through , the four-time champion slammed the club into a root , causing him to wince and grab his hand in agony . he later revealed his wrist bone had ` popped out ' of place .
labour leader announced plans to overhaul britain 's non-domicile regime . allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only . but it later emerged that labour is effectively proposing a time limit . tories pointed out that a five-year grace period would exempt up to six in every ten non-doms from the crackdown anyway .
facebook has come under fire after removing a video that shows aboriginal women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio . the video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on sunday . the show 's co-creator rachel clements called it a ` typical misapplication of standards ' .
david hibbitt , 33 , was diagnosed with advanced bowel cancer in july 2012 . underwent chemotherapy , radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel . now the father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan . puts class-b drug down to his miracle recovery .
kathy bush was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter ill on purpose in 1996 . in the first years of her life , jennifer was in and out of the hospital as she battled chronic illness that caused digestive issues and seizures . a health care worker later reported kathy bush to police , suspecting the woman of purposefully poisoning her with extra doses of medicine . kathy 's lawyer blames the investigation on menchausen syndrome by proxy - a syndrome by proxy
lindsey vonn was back at augusta on friday to watch boyfriend tiger woods play in the second round of the masters . vonn looked stressed at times though though though woods played a solid round , carding a three-under-par 69 . the former world number one has been under intense scrutiny after struggling badly with his chipping when last seen on the pga tour .
people in these three countries have an excuse -- they spend less time in bed , with the japanese getting an hour and a half less sleep . but while we might sleep longer , we do n't feel as refreshed in the morning , according to results from users of the sleep cycle app . the app tracks how well people rest at night by using the motion sensor in their smartphone .
jose luis proposed to his girlfriend on a set designed and built by new york photographer justin bettman on valentine 's day . the set was built on the edge of the water in williamsburg , brooklyn , where the couple had their first date . but zoom out of the picture and it was revealed that the couple was actually building these sets right on the street .
photographs captured at the site show an eclectic mix of people going about their day-to-day duties . fishermen and day-trippers are placed alongside soldiers , tanks and their fortified military installations . surfer shannon aston , from new zealand , said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in south korea .
mitchelle blair , 35 , from michigan , is charged with felony murder , premeditated murder and torture . court officers carrying out a march 24 eviction at the family 's apartment found the frozen corpses of stoni ann blair and 9-year-old stephen gage berry . blair used an expletive wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed .
temperatures set to peak today with temperatures in england beating most of the mediterranean . mercury expected to reach 25c -lrb- 77f -rrb- in the south east today and will beat marseille athens at 22c . temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but days will remain sunny until next week .
the driver , named in chinese media as mr zhang , arrived at his mother 's house and found that she was n't home . neighbours told him that she had left early that morning with the intention of meeting him . when he returned to the scene of the accident he found his mother covered in blood and dying .
first minister said she would regard an ` out ' vote in the tories ' proposed poll on eu membership as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the uk . she also revealed she intends to be in london on may 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the snp 's negotiating team .
david , 53 , and wife sandra , 52 , from plymouth , were harassmed by david 's sister anne weeks before the big day . anne informed them she 'd managed to cancel their nuptials behind their back . the couple subsequently took anne to court for harassment .
officer michael slager has been charged with the murder of 50-year-old walter scott in north charleston , south carolina . eyewitnesses said scott was involved in a brief scuffle on the ground with the officer who pulled his car over for having a broken tail light on his mercedes . police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is .
clint gee made the almost six hour journey from his home outside brisbane to wandoan in regional queensland . mr gee planned to place his mother , elizabeth hobbs , who died last year , with his father , alex gee who died in 1964 . he also paid a $ 342 fee after being upset with the council reduced its usual rate of more than $ 400 .
clarence taylor , 44 , faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in akron , ohio . on november 1 , taylor 's 45-year-old girlfriend called police , saying he had been missing for several days . it 's unclear why his friend did not cut him down initially .
prince harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the australian war memorial in canberra . he offered handshakes and high fives and gurned like a good-un , making himself an instant hit with younger fans . the prince is in australia to report for official military duty but he enjoyed his interaction with excited fans .
nicola sturgeon , 21 , posted a photo of a blue and black dress that looked white and gold from some angles . many viewers thought the dress was grey , while others insisted the colour was green . the snp stalwart 's dress divided opinion on twitter during last night 's debate .
the 34-year-old mom , who married rapper kanye west in may last year , spoke with elle.com about her daughter 's budding independence and style preferences . ` she just loves the process . she could not be more ultimately girly-girl , ' kim told the website .
daniel boykin , 33 , plead guilty to charges of unlawful photography , aggravated burglary , wiretapping , unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes . in apologizing for his actions in court thursday , boykin admitted to repeatedly filming the woman inside a bathroom at nashville international airport . investigators found additional images taken inside the woman 's home of air vents and shelves in the bathroom , which they believe suggested he intended to plant hidden cameras at some point .
shanay walker 's death was the culmination of ` repeated acts of cruelty ' . the youngster , who had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death , was found cold and stiff in her bed in nottingham last july . her aunt is currently on trial for her murder .
hidden cameras credited with 25 % spike in speeding fines last year . at least 112,000 motorists given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences . increase put down to introduction of ` smart motorways ' which use cameras . conservatives already moving to scrap controversial cameras if review reports back in the summer .
janet faal , 57 , was out with a friend in crawley , west sussex , as part of her rehabilitation when she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down a manhole . she now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face on the pallet and was left in a ` splits ' position as only one of her legs went down the hole when she slipped .
utah photographer , alan lawrence , created a photo series called ` wil can fly ' in which his 18-month-old son , wil , who has down syndrome appears to be flying . lawrence said he once believed having a child with down syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish . the father of five has taken the limits off the child and given him a one-of-a-kind ability to fly .
farouk younis , imam of mosque used by relatives of hassan munshi and talha asmal , said muslims must talk to other teenagers who ` might be looking at them ' . the 17-year-olds from dewsbury , west yorkshire , are believed to have travelled to war-torn syria after going to turkey on tuesday .
christian longo , who murdered his wife and three children in oregon in 2001 , believes he can no longer be redeemed for his horrific crimes . the father-of-three was sentenced to death for murdering his family , stuffing them in suitcases and dumping their bodies in coastal bays . he then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to the resort of cancun , mexico , where he posed as a shamed new york times reporter - before he was captured by
the president arrived at the alfred street baptist church in alexandria , virginia , on sunday morning with his wife and daughters for the festive service . rev howard-john wesley opened the service by welcoming the president , before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him . it acted as the warm up for the annual easter roll , during which barack and michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to uptown funk .
paula duncan , now 62 , revealed her battle with depression and attempt to take her own life in a sobering interview with studio 10 . the actress , best known these days as the bubbly face of spray 'n' wipe , has revealed her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression .
the daily visitors to the iconic icebergs club pool were forced to take their exercise back to the beach as their beloved pool was drained for the fashion folk . the empty pool was used as the unusual catwalk setting for the ten pieces presentation as part of mercedes-benz fashion week australia .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , from columbus , ohio , had been instructed by a cleric to return to the united states and carry out an act of terrorism , the indictment said . the justice department stated that he was also an islamic state sympathizer , and that his brother , abdifatah aden , was killed fighting with the group in syria in 2013 .
kenne worthen , 27 , allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at longview elementary school in phoenix last august and the relationship turned sexual in january . the father-of-one allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an ipod app where she labeled his profile with a fake name , ` jesse smith ' . some of the conversations were sexual in nature , while in another , the teacher told the student he was worried she would
obama insisted the u.s. would stand by israel if it were to come under attack , but acknowledged his pursuit of diplomacy with tehran has caused strain with the close ally . he added that it is ` personally difficult ' for him to hear his administration accused of not looking out for israel 's interests .
a new report from suncorp bank suggests australian 's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year . men spent twice as much as women on computers , digital accessories , mobile apps , and streaming services . despite the mounting costs , the report revealed over one third of households do n't budget for technology or wildly underestimate how much they will spend .
the new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three . people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes . about 62 miles -lrb- 100 km -rrb- above earth . it will launch from blue origin 's west texas facility near van horn , texas , southeast of . el paso . testing and development of the rocket engine , called be-3 , has been completed , the last major milestone before the liquid . oxygen - and liquid hydrogen-fuel
scientists quizzed more than 5,000 british teenagers about their drinking habits and films they had watched from a list of 50 , including bridget jones ' diary and aviator . those who had watched the most films were 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol . between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular uk box office films depicted alcohol use - but only six per cent were classified as adult only .
a large protest opposing the closure of remote indigenous communities in wa has shut down streets in central melbourne . several thousand people gathered outside the city 's main railway station at 4pm on friday . this comes as the queensland police service refuses to issue an apology to an indigenous officer after claims the word ` abor ' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant .
vijay chokal-ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance . the older brother of comedienne mindy kaling has controversially claimed he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he was .
the photos were released by rspca south australia on tuesday . the resident pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats . the cats suffered from high-temperatures , flea-allergy dermatitis and significant respiratory issues when they were seized in september .
lindsay jo rimer went missing after going to the shops in hebden bridge . her body was found in rochdale canal five months later , weighed down with a 20lb rock . the teenager 's sister kate described her family 's struggle since lindsay 's death as a ` life sentence ' .
samantha fleming and her newborn daughter serenity were last seen in anderson on april 5 . they left with a woman who said she was from indiana 's department of child services . the three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in gary on friday and will be returned to relatives .
labour leader was out campaigning in bristol this morning after going to ground over the easter weekend . while mr miliband decided to take the weekend off to spend time with his family , his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day . after a low-key day campaigning in his constituency in doncaster on saturday , labour election chiefs have reportedly calculated that it is better to keep a low profile outside of the live tv debates .
jason warnock , 29 , was named as the hero who rescued 23-year-old mathew sitko after he crashed his car on wednesday morning , causing it to hang off a canyon cliff in lewiston , idaho . but after saving the man , warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene . a photo of the moment he pulled the panicked man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him .
george was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in north wales and was found on a doorstep in west yorkshire five weeks later . owners steven davison , 71 , and his wife susan , 68 , from llanrwst in the conwy valley , could n't believe their luck when their daughter saw a picture of her childhood pet on the page .
images show a shoal of fish making way for the blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of heron island in queensland , australia . it is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal , but the fish naturally keep their distance , creating circles of clear water around the predator . software engineer scott carr was looking for a picturesque spot to have photos taken before his wedding .
choc on choc 's limited edition political chocolates collection comes in three different flavours . david cameron 's bar is studded with blueberry pieces , ed miliband 's comes in a red raspberry flavour and nick clegg 's edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb .
chelsea clinton is opening up about life in the public eye , being a new mother and whether or not she would like to see her own mother become president in a new interview . clinton , whose mother hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this sunday , said it is time the united states had a female leader .
scientists found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation . this could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars . however , further research is needed to confirm that is the case . the study was led by dr jason wright from the center for exoplanets and habitable worlds at penn state university in pennsylvania .
sofia vergara 's ex-fiancé nick loeb says he 's always ` dreamed ' of being a father . the 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last august over the two embryos . he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own .
judge m. marc kelly told an orange county jury that 20-year-old kevin jonas rojano-nieto ` did not intend to harm ' the girl he raped at his family home in june . the mandatory sentence should be 25-years to life .
clare balding has admitted she was on tv too much following her success presenting the london olympics . the broadcaster has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the bbc 's rugby league coverage to crufts . the 44-year-old married alice arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year .
abase hussen blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to join is . he conceded the teenager was ` maybe ' influenced by the rally organised by banned terror group al-muhajiroun . mr hussen told mps last month he could think of ` nothing ' to explain why she and two friends had decided to join .
system uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit . robots can then piece together the materials while in orbit , finishing off the spacecraft . nasa-back firm says it could dramatically reduce the cost of building spacecraft by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit . system is being developed by a company called tethers unlimited .
nigel farage made the remarks after being asked at his manifesto launch last week to justify the scarcity of black and asian faces in the ukip manifesto . it includes several photographs of the party 's top team although it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid .
alfie the yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home . he ran out of the woods in front of the inspector 's van and started barking . the near-miss , plus a lot of barking , made rspca inspector stephanie law pull over . he put up 400 posters near her home and launched an appeal on facebook .
the 69-year-old collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding ' . the winning duo - announced next monday - will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 .
queen letizia , 42 , teamed a white jacket with smart black trousers and heels for the service while her daughters wore pretty above-the-knee outfits . it is the first time princess leonor , 9 , and princess sofia , 7 , have been spotted at a public engagement for several months .
the egyptian-themed mansion , advertised as pharaoh 's palace on its website , promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in tampa . an august 2014 adult-themed party dubbed ` midsummer night wet dream ' got the mansion , bought by canadian millionaire gordon lownds , its first noise complaint . grey was also charged with violating the county 's noise ordinance , which was dismissed by a circuit judge on monday .
myer city stores in melbourne , sydney , perth , brisbane , and adelaide city stores on saturday april 11 at 9am can snap up the collectors ' items for the special heritage price . the dolls are newly produced but modelled on the original barbie doll that was first released at the new york toy fair in 1959 .
the final day of mercedes-benz fashion week kicked off with an explosion of colour in sydney . the australiana-themed romance was born presentation - always one of the highlight shows during mbfwa . design duo luke sales and anna plunkett presented their new collection ` cooee couture ' .
european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy . google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market . ruling means google may have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to brussels . investigation will centre on whether google imposes restrictions on phone makers that force them to favour their own apps , such as youtube .
the conservatives ' economic strategy won a stunning international endorsement . employment rose above 31million in the three months to february . david cameron said the conservatives had overseen a ` jobs miracle ' . britain had created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of eu put together .
the vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called tarp that 's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers . animal studies have shown that the protein can effectively stimulate the immune system to attack the cancer . then , should the cancer reappear , the antibodies will be dispatched to attack malignant cells .
senator bob corker , a republican from tennessee , said on sunday that congressional oversight ` does n't mean there wo n't be a deal ' . the 62-year-old politician continued : ` we just set in place a process to ensure that if there 's a deal that will stand the test of time , that will keep iran from getting a nuclear weapon ' . he said congressional scrutiny and approval of any nuclear agreement with iran is essential to help make sure
eye contact of more than ten seconds between two people means one of two things : you 're about to fight or have sex -lrb- well , you want to anyway -rrb- . prolonged eye contact produces intense emotional reactions regardless of whether it 's a fist or a pair of lips heading your way .
margaret and gary mazan had 14 red setters seized by rspca inspectors . animals had matted fur and had not been provided with a suitable diet . three of the fully grown dogs were found by inspectors crammed in puppy cages and the majority were kept in a squalid garden shed .
kim kardashian , her husband kanye west , their daughter north and kim 's sister khloe arrived in the capital yerevan on wednesday to a rock star welcome . the visit is their first to the country their late father , robert , fled for america and both kim and khlardoe have expressed their excitement at the chance to explore his homeland .
gang targeted supermarkets , convenience stores and electrical shops . they swiping # 2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at # 30,000 . also threatened shop workers with hammers , knives and screwdrivers . in separate raid , men stole store manager 's mercedes e200 which they used as getaway car .
natasha elderfield , 41 , is on trial at oxford crown court accused of the murder of her boyfriend robert dobinson , 33 , in abingdon , oxfordshire . she told police officers who arrested her , ` my god , it 's so ****** g funny ' , after stabbing him and leaving him to die on the banks of the thames .
jordan sharifi , 17 , was taken into custody on friday by police in mckinney , texas , who say he confessed to giving a gun to friend raymond howell , jr. . on thursday , raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . sharifi discovered raymond 's body in a rain culvert after the boy 's mother called to ask him if he 'd seen her son , according to an affidavit .
new training will commence at los angeles international airport , one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the american civil liberties union . the tsa said the re-training will stress ` race neutrality ' and that a special emphasis will be placed on the ` hair patdowns of african-american female travelers ' .
rebecca hannibal has pleaded guilty to supplying georgina bartter with ` purple speaker ' ecstasy pills . the 19-year-old died after taking ` one and a half pills ' she took on the night before the harbourlife dance festival near mrs macquarie 's chair in november last year . police allege ms bartter had an extremely rare adverse reaction to the substance she took . she has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug between october 27 and november
the number of christians in the us will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050 . muslims will remain the largest group in the world over the next four decades but christians will remain roughly the same but hindu and jewish populations will be larger than they are today .
v.stiviano , the alleged mistress of clippers owner donald sterling , has been ordered to pay his wife $ 2.6 million . lawyers for sterling had claimed that money used to buy v. stiviano a house , luxury cars and stocks was her community property the couple had acquired over six decades of marriage . shelly sterling 's lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when donald and shelly were separated and that shelly could n't seek them from a third party
awel manyang believes her younger sister and two brothers died when they were taken by a crocodile because the children associate the giant reptiles with water . the children 's father , joseph tito manyang , says awel remains in a serious condition but she remembers the accident . mr manyang was released from police custody on thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash .
jenny wallenda , 87 , the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers , died late saturday at her home in sarasota , florida . wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda .
matthew bird , from ashburton , new zealand , halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic . he said he was happy to give up is $ 70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $ 38,000 . mr bird has fathered three children and was previously expected to pay $ 1,300 a month in child support .
marie hunt of spring green , wisconsin , had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school . now a resident at meadows assisted living and memory care , the centenarian was presented with an honorary degree by river valley high school , 87 years after her fellow classmates graduated .
nelson felippe was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform in rio de janeiro . he proceeded to take a photo , and express his disapproval at the ` scene ' . the source of his outrage soon becomes clear in a post that cleverly spoofs conservative attitudes .
british physicist stephen hawking has sung monty python 's galaxy song . the song is being released digitally and on vinyl for record store day 2015 . it is a cover of the song from 1983 film monty v 's meaning of life . professor hawking ` runs over ' professor brian cox before taking to the sky .
lee garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out hudson , having heard rumors the star was gay , but had to wait an entire year until he heard from the star . ' i think he had me checked out , ' says garlington in an interview with people . ` i 'd sneak out at 6am in my chevy nova and coast down the street without turning on the engine so the neighbors would n't hear . we thought we
senior constable neale mcshane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of birdsville . the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states , but he told daily mail australia that nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling birsdville . temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees .
deaths in britain , which have been falling for 40 years , will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades . at the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast , thanks to higher costs for cremation , rising undertakers ' bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts .
demi moore is selling the manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex-husband bruce willis with an asking price of $ 75million . if the penthouse sells for that much , it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the upper west side .
posters telling muslims not to vote in the election were plastered across an area of cardiff . they read : ` democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of allah ' . cardiff council have begun removing the posters , dubbed ` chilling ' and ` threatening ' by locals .
the 41-year-old man is said to have posted a ` blasphemous ' status on his facebook page after watching a news bulletin about the war in iraq on television last july . if found guilty , the suspect could face up to seven years in jail , a fine of between dh250 ,000 to dh1 million , or both .
nicole mihai was told by new zealand immigration that once her visa expires , she must return to romania . she now faces a distressing battle with the immigration agency who insist chris ' future living arrangements ` are not their problem ' . the 34-year-old was awarded full custody of their son after a two-year relationship .
items on sale in poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets , new research has shown . the company 's success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains and taking sales away from britain 's four big supermarkets , asda , tesco , sainsburys and morrisons .
the lake in boulder , colorado , has been invaded by thousands of goldfish , which wildlife officials say started as someone dumping ` four or five ' of their pets in the water two or three years ago . the animals have now multiplied to over 3,000 or 4,000 , it 's believed , and are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases .
her majesty 's account @britishmonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers . more than double the 446,000 picked up by the prince of wales . king felipe and queen letizia come next and the duke and duchess of cambridge take fourth spot .
abbey clancy , 29 , joins foxes , 25 , victoria 's secret angel lily donaldson , 28 , and model alice dellal , 27 . the model , who is mother to four-year-old daughter sophia with footballer husband peter crouch , said she is proud to be part of the campaign .
ards borough council spent more than # 7,000 on three-course christmas banquet and disco for staff . staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor at the party . council chiefs paid # 5,225 for caterers for the dinner in december last year with hire of the venue costing # 265.80 .
feidin santana , 23 , visited the family 's charleston , south carolina home on thursday to meet with the slain man 's heartbroken parents , son and other relatives . santantana has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on officer michael slager as he fired eight shots at scott , 50 , on saturday . ` oh , thank you , god ! ' judy scott said , as she embraced saturday , as
tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts growth by blocking cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells , researchers found . it is the main drug given to women who have not been through the menopause and is usually taken for five years or longer after breast cancer treatment .
apple ceo tim cook showed off his personal apple watch to customers at an apple store in tokyo 's upscale omotesando neighborhood . the device was available for preorder online and to try out in stores by appointment , but not to take home . apple predicted on thursday that demand would exceed supply .
nsw teacher stephanie scott went missing on easter sunday . her burned body was found last friday around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park . reverend jonno williams is the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church at canowindra . he knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone .
her majesty , who looked elegant in a long blue jacket , was joined by prince philip and princess alexandra at the reception in trafalgar square . during the first world war commemorations , the monarch posed for a photograph with the calgary highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts .
kendra moad of kearns , utah followed her grandfather out of the house friday morning and into the driveway . he did not however see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck forward so he could move some garbage cans . the grandfather is not facing any charges at this time , but the case remains under investigation .
the complex of affordable housing , funded and designed by the star wars director , would provide homes to 224 low-income families . lucas dropped plans for a lucasfilm ltd studio complex on lucas valley road in 2012 . but it seems the award-winning director is determined to do something with the 1,039 acres of land on his grady ranch estate in marin county , california .
shaun worthington died instantly after his silver audi a4 collided with a truck on the a614 between burton agnes and haisthorpe , near bridlington , east yorkshire . his mother jane allen said : ` no mother should have to go through what i have and the devastation of losing a son ' .
the solar probe plus will carry four instrument suites into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles . during the closest passes around the sun , temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees fahrenheit . the closest three will be just 3.8 million miles from the surface of the star .
david miscavige , the controversial leader of the church of scientology , allegedly had his apostate father followed for 18 months for fear he might reveal damaging information . police records obtained by the los angeles times , the church paid a father-son team of detectives $ 10,000 a week to track ronald . the claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive hbo documentary going clear .
kendalia halle was built more than 100 years ago by german immigrants , who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state 's population . about 400 such halls still stand -- many unused and decaying -- but only two traditional texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis .
ten-year-old martha had been with her owner on the beach in leasowe in merseyside and was paddling in the water when she was swept out to sea . rnli crew were called and managed to find martha who was cold and shivering . they then pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her by the collar .
belinda , 56 , from essex , had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls . but the ` horrendous ' scars produced by the bungling surgeon have left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before . now belinda is to appear on tlc 's extreme beauty disasters .
listeners say the last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iplayer service . they branded the problem ` irritating ' and ` frustrating ' and said it was ruining their enjoyment of the programmes . it was raised by the bbc 's own feedback programme in february 2012 .
childhoodflower fields will be held in the idyllic setting of pippingford park for the second year running . the independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend . now entering its fourth year , elderflower fields builds upon the winning formula of a festival designed especially for families with children .
kuku kube is available for free on facebook , android , ios and on desktop browsers . on each board , one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour . the aim is to find this odd square by tapping it with your finger or clicking it with the mouse . scores lower than 11 are poor , scores between 15 and 20 is ` lower than average ' , and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is considered great .
khayree gay , 31 , was captured on friday at the security inn and suites hotel in lake city , south carolina , according to a report from the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives . gay , who is originally from feltonville , pennsylvania , is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a jewelers row employee on april 4 in philadelphia . the 53-year-old female employee of the national watch and diamond exchange in downtown philadelphia was leaving work earlier this
` untested and unscientific ' apps cause stress by making us worry that we are abnormal or unhealthy , says dr des spence . popular apps include myfitnesspal and apple 's health app . but dr spence warned newer apps that monitor your heart rate , blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry without providing any benefit .
the 43-year-old is the first presenter of the bbc dance contest to be nominated for the awards , something both sir bruce and co-host tess daly failed to achieve . it comes even though she was absent for almost a month while daughter matilda , eight , recovered after her halloween costume accidentally caught fire .
the story was written by queen victoria when she was just 10 years old . it tells the story of a 12-year-old girl , alice laselles , who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried . alice befriends a host of characters , including a ` poor little french orphan ' who has been half-blinded by small pox and is falsely accused of smuggling a cat into the school but clears her name and eventually triumph
sarah reign , 26 , from new york , supplements her day job as a security guard by gorging on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers . she says fans love to watch her eat so much , she decided to turn it into a job .
britt lapthorne , from melbourne , disappeared from a croatian night club in 2008 . her body was found almost three weeks after she disappeared . her parents believe she was murdered , her body weighted down and dumped at sea . it has now emerged a victorian inquest into her death will be closed .
belinda bartholomew , the girlfriend of roosters star aidan guerra , tried to buy a chicken to cook up for a game of thrones-inspired feast . she claims the man working at sam the butcher in bondi called her a ` f *** ing c *** ' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up . the butcher who was working at the shop on monday has hit back saying she is ` lying ' and trying to ruin the
rachel lynn lehnardt , 35 , from evans , georgia , was arrested on saturday night and charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor . the mother-of-five allegedly played naked twister with her daughter and her friends before having sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom .
nba legend kareem abdul-jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery at ucla medical center on thursday , april 16 . the 68-year-old had quadruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease . the 19-time all star and six-time mvp starred in game of death with bruce lee .
dave sim , 36 , rides his raleigh chopper on the l'etape du tour last year . the tour involves many hill climbs which are grueling even for professionals using high-performance road bikes . mr sim said his chopper is as close to standard as possible , but required a better seat and tweaked brakes .
singer janelle monáe said : ` this brought tears to my eyes . #walterscott reminds me of my uncle , family . can only imagine the pain his fam feels ' . rapper big boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words : ' #waltercott ' .
people once heard constantly on the streets , in songs , on the stage and in the workplace it has nearly disappeared . all children used to be told to whistle while they work by the classic disney animation snow white . however the rise of the mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now .
the blunder at the pensions office in essen , germany , saw a letter sent out the woman asking for # 3,351,978,190,661 . the bill is more than a thousands times the whole of german 's annual gross domestic product . the block would dwarf the burj khalifa in dubai , the empire state building and london 's shard .
yervand garginian , a 60-year-old bus driver from melbourne , filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional ` khorovats ' recipe . in the video mr garginian dismisses the australian-style barbecue of cooking ` oily ' sausages . his daughter elizabeth garginian posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times .
conchita wurst transformed into gustav klimt 's golden adele for the life ball 2015 poster shot by ellen von unwerth . the poster promotes the dazzling life ball event , where conchita will perform , as well as walk in a fashion show staged by jean paul gaultier .
in a survey of 1,000 people from across the country , 64 per cent of adults confessed that they end up spending more money when they shop with friends . the main reasons for this were said to be ` showing off in front of friends ' and ` succumbing to peer pressure and buying things we would n't ordinary buy ' .
baroness brady is also the government 's small business ambassador . she was appearing alongside cameron to announce creation of more trainee jobs for young people . mr cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years , if the tories win the election .
catherine grove , 28 , vanished in july 2013 , abandoning her car and belongings in fayetteville , arkansas , only to show up weeks later under heavy guard at the church of wells . over the years the church has been accused of sexual abuse , kidnapping and human trafficking , however they have strongly denied any wrongdoing . grove has now announced in a video that she will marry a church elder .
neil tuckett , 58 , has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells henry ford 's famous model t . he says his customers love the model t - the first affordable mass-produced car - because they do n't require road tax or an mot . each one selling for around # 10,000 .
the ring of death refers to an area made up of i-80 and route 101 . clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk , mountain lion , black bear , gopher snake , desert iguana - and where and when they were hit . in the region , marshy areas attract birds during migration and result in high rates of roadkill .
dr ros altmann would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges . she would also be in charge of financial education and government policy to reward and encourage saving . she will also steer through reforms designed to make it easier for customers to move to another bank , by allowing customers to take their account number with them .
colleen harris , 73 , was found guilty of first-degree murder on wednesday after the el dorado superior court jury announced their decision . colleen harris shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children , 46-year-old james batten , after claiming he had been abusive towards her . both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun , and in both cases she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember doing it
tracey taylor , 34 , caused more than # 13,000 worth of damage to luxury cars . she attacked her former lover and his girlfriend , punching him on the ear and pulling her hair after barging her way into her home in ratby , leics . two days later she returned to the property and broke in through the front door , hurling a vase of roses across the room .
sgt. bowe bergdahl walked away from the army and was captured by the taliban in june of 2009 . the former chairman of the joint chiefs admiral mike mullen claims three of the controversial soldier 's comrades . the men say that mullen , who served president obama and then secretary of defense robert gates six years ago , was certain that berg dahl had fled the army .
mark ward faville , of christiansburg , virginia , was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife anne , who died in 2000 . faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken , something that was supported by an initial autopsy . after the verdict was read , faville was taken away , and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse .
jodi arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison on monday . she shot ex-boyfriend travis alexander nearly 30 times in his phoenix home before fleeing and driving to utah to meet up with another romantic interest . she later changed her story and said it was self-defense .
tiffany gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush , junior luis velasquez , holding a bouquet of flowers . gay 's classmates cheered as she held back tears of joy . gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called prader-willi syndrome -lrb- pws -rrb- that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite .
cheryl prudham , 33 , is said to be planning to renew her wedding vows . she and husband robert are spending # 10,000 on a lavish ceremony in las vegas . the couple , who have only just got back together after a short split , were photographed this week visiting their local thomson travel agent .
hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri at the debut of a fat tuesdays bar inside the resort world casino in queens , new york . according to a casino worker , the fighting goes back to two women who clashed during the long wait for alcohol . bystanders uploaded cell phone footage of the ugly brawl , which broke out around 10.30 pm , to social media .
tunnel could be built under mount everest as part of grand new plans . chinese foreign minister wang yi visited kathmandu in december . new plans underline china 's increasing influence in nepal , which is home to eight of the world 's 14 peaks over 8,000 metres .
one house was filmed as it was carried along a street in dungog , in the hunter valley , north of sydney . similar scenes were evident in lake macquarie with this house floating dangerously close to street power lines . local resident jade marie identified the house as her aunt 's , according to higgins storm chasers .
sir john chilcot stopped taking evidence in 2011 , but will not report until 2016 . findings of long-awaited inquiry into iraq war unlikely to be unveiled this year . further delays will fuel claims those criticised over war are trying to bury bad news . newsnight 's diplomatic editor mark urban said he had been told inquiry will be delayed until after general election .
acetaminophen -lrb- paracetamol -rrb- is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever tylenol . painkillers not only dull physical pain , but can also dull your emotions . this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered .
henry rayhons , 78 , is preparing to stand trial for sexually assaulting his wife , who died last august , days before he was formally charged . the charges were filed days after she died . experts could not think of another rape case that happened because a previously consenting spouse could no longer legally consent to have sex .
photographs of the child , who was also beaten with metal rods and water pipes , have sparked outrage across china . his adoptive mother li has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse . the 50-year-old woman told the boy 's school she was ` strict ' with him and was trying to correct his bad habits .
ikea 's new service , wedding online , allows couples to get virtually hitched and have guests attending from all over the world . guests from all around the world can view the proceedings , as long as they have a webcam handy . one wedding is their more high society offering , which is located on a city rooftop .
mimi and joe lemay 's five-year-old son jacob was born a girl named mia , but the couple decided to let their child assume the identity of a boy . the couple assumed they were just raising a tomboy , before his parents bought him a blue ` doggy sweater ' that he wore for six months straight - often over girlier dresses and tutus .
couple took 14-year-old son out of sweyne park school in rayleigh , essex . they were originally fined # 120 for unauthorised absence from school . but court bailiffs visited on march 6 demanding # 1,230 fine . boy 's grandmother paid up to stop bailiffs taking property to cover amount owed .
michael keith spell , 25 , of parachute , colorado , was sentenced following a hearing before state district judge richard simonton in sidney . spell pleaded guilty in october to killing sherry arnold , 43 , after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012 . co-defendant lester van waters jr. was sentenced in december to 80 years in prison on a charge of deliberate homicide by accountability .
the 10 tonne ` fatberg ' was discovered beneath one of chelsea 's most exclusive streets after residents complained of a rancid smell . utility companies , including thames water , discovered the fatberg when residents and businesses on draycott avenue and walton street started to complain . now a # 400,000 repair is being carried out to repair the broken sewer and already 22 metres of new piping has been replaced .
lloyd dennis taught at a number of primary schools across hampshire . the 32-year-old has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children that include rape and sexual activity with a child . among the schools where dennis has taught is bishop 's waltham junior school and cadland primary in the new forest .
laurene jobs , 51 , called former first lady hillary a ` revolutionary ' woman . she said it 's not just because she 's a woman - but ` the type of woman she is ' . mrs clinton announced her intention to seek the democratic nomination on sunday . but she was blasted for her ` staged ' visit to a coffee shop in iowa .
henri morris , 67 , was caught in an fbi sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012 . she told them that her drink was spiked by the married businessman after they traveled together from houston , texas , to new jersey for work . the fbi arrested morris at bush county airport after the woman , who has not been named , covertly worked with them .
brian nicol , 32 , from glasgow , died while staying in a villa in nueva andalucia . his desperate friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him . officers said early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident . but they will try to establish whether he suffered a blow to the head or a digestion problems which meant he could n't swim .
philadelphia-based artist and journalist alison nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits . featuring well-known artists with their furry friends , the book allows an intimate insight into the private lives of many great artists . featuring the likes of henri matisse , salvador dali , georgia o'keefe and many others .
abdul hadi arwani was called to a job in the area he was killed with his son days before his death . the imam , who had links to the muslim brotherhood in the uk and abroad , pretended to have lost his keys . scotland yard is looking into whether the man was a hired killer .
vincent stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother 13 months ago . the 24-year-old man is charged with the murder of local english and drama teacher stephanie scott on easter sunday . ms scott was born in tasmania and lived in holland with his family before returning to australia as an adult . his neighbours in maiden avenue say the family were welcomed by the community but vincent made few connections .
ian joll was forced to crash land his plane on a dutch beach in 1940 . he had been involved in a strafing attack on a german aircraft on may 10 , 1940 . sq ldr joll and his gunner then trekked for miles where they met a fisherman . after several unsuccessful attempts to set his blenheim on fire he decided the only thing to do was shoot into the plane 's fuel tank .
labour will only be separated by 0.1 % , according to daily telegraph survey . david cameron and the tories at 31.8 % , with labour at just one tenth of a percentage point behind tories . more people trust conservatives to deal with ` cost of living ' , says icm unlimited .
nurhayada sofia disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors . she was out shopping with her mother and sister at the kenanga wholesale city mall in pudu , malaysia . cctv footage captured the tragic moment the six-year-old fell to her death .
lorenzo simon , 34 , and his girlfriend michelle bird used friend michael spalding for slave labour before simon killed him and dismembered his body . the 39-year-old 's remains were stuffed into two suitcases before bird and bird threw them into birmingham canal . police have now released cctv footage showing the pair dragging the cases along a pavement .
kim scott posted the poem on saturday morning , a day after the body of a woman was discovered in cocoparra national park . the 26-year-old english and drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner of five years aaron leeson woolley . ms scott 's sister describes their long-distance relationship as ` on this special day ... my little sister / is now a wedded wife / believe it or not ' .
nick clegg reveals balance of power lies where many long suspected : with her . he was given option of moving family into grace-and-favour government mansion but move was vetoed by wife miriam . couple revealed why they decided to remain with their three sons antonio , alberto , and miguel .
duncan bannatyne said ed miliband 's plan to scrap controversial ` non-dom ' status had won him over . he tweeted : ` this gets my vote i never thought any party would have courage to do this ' . comes after the hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the tories ' economic record .
three-storey building collapsed trapping three people in the rubble . accident left three homeless and one of sheffield 's main arterial roads closed . landlords naveed and rizwan hussain jailed for health and safety offences . judge michael murphy told them : ` it was only by the grace of god or good fortune that people were not seriously injured or killed ' .
dzhokhar tsarnaev 's aunt , maret tsarnaeva , and two other relatives told time in an interview this week in chechen capital , grozny , that they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the u.s. the bomber 's uncle , said-hussein tsarnaev , told the magazine that ` american special services ' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded . tsarnaev was found guilty on april 8
pupils applying to cambridge university may have to take an entrance test next year for the first time in almost 30 years . university said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit . documents presented to senior tutors say the university is ` being forced ' into changing its system of using as-levels to assess applicants .
scientists near flagstaff , arizona , have found fleas infected with plague . the plague , which killed millions of europeans in the 1300s , causes pustules on the skin and is still contracted by 2,000 people a year . human cases have developed from close contact with cats who have preyed on infected vermin and residents in the southwest .
prince william is due to accompany the queen and duke of edinburgh on an official engagement next saturday - the same day his wife is expected to give birth . despite the clash , the duke plans to do ` everything he can ' to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the gallipoli and anzac campaigns .
a woman who may be a ` possible dui driver ' led the california highway patrol on a slow-speed chase , and even stopped at traffic lights . the chp became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black suv on a freeway in orange county around 12:30 pm wednesday . the woman was ` weaving , accelerating and slowing down ' . the chase finally came to an end in pasadena when one patrol officer tapped the rear
the teenager from lahore in punjab province pakistan , had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with kerosene . he described how he was approached by the two muslim youths as they left friday prayers at their local mosque . they asked him what his religion was and then , when he replied he was a christian , they started beating him . the 14-year-old , who lives with his uncle , has said he did not know who had attacked
candice , elsa hosk , candice swanepoel and jasmine tookes are stars of victoria 's secret 's latest lingerie campaign . each girl carries the pink striped umbrella , which shoppers receive for free when they purchase two bras from the new range .
kyle knox was last seen alive at the foot of ben nevis on march 31 . the 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in fort william . the mercury had plunged to minus seven and winds of up to 70mph were recorded in the region .
baby girl , named april , might have been delivered at silcock 's amusement arcade in nevill street , southport , hours before she was discovered . merseyside police had released an image of the 6lb 9oz baby girl , wearing a pink playsuit , as they sought to identify her mother . sniffer dogs had been deployed in the area after the discovery in the disabled toilets of an arcade .
ceara lynch , 28 , from portland , oregon , takes the more traditional dominatrix idea a step further , not just dominating her customers but demeaning them . the entrepreneur says that making money this way -- which she has been doing since she was 17 -- has been a dream .
donald graham , 62 , killed heiress and property developer janet brown , 45 . ms brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found . graham stole # 300,000 of her savings , her land rover and porsche . he was last year jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for killing ms brown .
the person , who will not be identified until their arraignment on monday , was taken into custody after the bag was found on loughery way in cambridge on saturday morning . they have not been charged with homicide . instead , they are ` under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of human remains ' . it comes as additional human remains have been found in the common area of an apartment complex on 6th street , across the road
grant hackett 's father has revealed the sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat . neville hackett said his son had ` his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals ' two years ago . the 34-year-old made a come back last sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds .
court in cairo acquitted 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty . fourteen others were convicted on the same charges , with most also sentenced to 20 years in jail . but court cleared the defendants on charges of inciting murder over the deaths of a journalist and two protesters during the december 5 , 2012 clashes .
study carried out by harvard , columbia and duke university . found majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men . also discovered that despite some struggling with ` impulsive ' behavior , this was not picked up on background checks that could restrict their ownership . comes in the wake of a number of high-profile gun tragedies in the us .
qatar airways ranked the most reliable airline in the world . it scored a perfect 100 in the research by travel site wanderbat . followed by emirates and china eastern , the top three airlines showed how the gulf and asia are dominating the travel market . america fared even worse , with one airline making it into 17th place .
the man , known only as donor 7042 , carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 -lrb- nf1 -rrb- that can pass on a severe , life-limiting condition to his offspring . with demand for danish sperm soaring , the donor is understood to have fathered 99 ` viking babies ' -- across the world through the clinic nordic cryobank .
kevin gill , 45 , from naples , florida , thought his 13-year-old son could care for the reptile while learning about gators . but when collier county deputies were serving a search warrant on the family 's home for an unrelated issue , they told gill it was illegal . but after the deputies found the gator , the family kept in a tank , they took gill to jail .
azamara club cruises has two ships in its fleet , journey and quest . the size of the ship means it is able to access ports off-limits to bigger vessels . boarding the ship in somewhere as glitzy as monaco immediately imbued the journey with a luxury feel . there is also an unfeasibly wide selection of on-board eating places .
stewart will host his last show on august 6 after he revealed he decided to quit because he was becoming depressed watching cable news . he kept things lighthearted by talking about how sentimental it will be and joked that he would dress well for his swan song . he told viewers he hoped they would join him and announced a competition to get tickets to the final show .
raul castro passed away on friday morning while in his sleep in san diego where he was in hospice care . he was a self-made man , the embodiment of the american dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college . during his career , castro also served as an american ambassador to three countries including el salvador , bolivia and argentina .
dr donald dewitt , 65 , was arrested monday and charged with attempted sexual assault , child endangerment and criminal sexual contact . the prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at the highly competitive bergen county academies in hackensack was being held on $ 300,000 cash bail tuesday .
man seen unsteady on feet and swaying after day at races in aintree . barges into the 63-year-old who then stumbles backwards and falls to floor . he then walks off as people gasp and try to help the victim who was left lying on the floor . merseyside police said the man came forward to police late last night .
scott shirley , his wife mayo and seven-year-old son phoenix were travelling back to washington dc after a birthday trip to disney world , orlando . after boarding the plane , the shirleys were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet . when she raised her face to smell the liquid , that 's when she made the horrible discovery that the liquid was vomit .
thames valley police called army bomb disposal team after startled passer-by reported the 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher on top of the barge . perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man , his eyes staring grimly from holes cut in a balaclava shrouding his face .
robert hugel , who is assigned to the technical assistance response unit , found the victims , all in their 70s and 80s , just after 3 p.m. at the house in bellerose in floral park , queens . neighbors lined the streets and sidewalks in the suburban neighborhood next to long island 's nassau county . some cried as police officers and firefighters walked around the cape cod-style , two-story home .
jade walters , 21 , was horrified to discover family she loaned horse magic to had sold him at auction for just # 200 . magic 's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community , and an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites .
more than 6,000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms and public spaces at new york city 's library hotel . each floor is dedicated to one of the dewey decimal system 's categories , and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic . guests who do n't get their fill of book in their rooms can find plenty more options in a dedicated reading room .
in lederhosen and knee-high socks , adolf hitler lounges against a tree . the fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap , calling it ` beneath one 's dignity ' . several other portraits as comical as they are chilling have been discovered in a hitler ` fan magazine ' from the thirties .
lauren hill was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma after she became dizzy following a basketball game with her high school team in nearby lawrenceburg , indiana . the 19-year-old defied doctors ' expectations after she was told she would not live past december but died four months later this month . she played four games , raising $ 1.5 million for pediatric cancer and leaving a legacy of fundraising that will be continued after her death .
the girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a ` test of their composure ' . the challenge was part of the central china stage of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest , which has been running since 2005 .
kristen bell , the voice of frozen 's anna and the spunky star of house of lies , believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it . ` your child is 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have a severe reaction to a vaccine ; that 's a fact , ' she said .
the 56-year-old , who describes herself as a ` closet comedian ' , has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine while taking over the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday . giuseppe zanotti concealed wedge heel hi-top sneakers .
kibulu the african lion cub met donna wilson at the nsw zoo where he was born as a three-week-old cub . he still carries his teddy bear around with him and he loves to suck on people 's thumbs . kibulu is one of 23 lions in donna 's care at zambi wildlife retreat , a sanctuary for retired , old , injured and homeless animals .
zoe gregory , 26 , hijacked email account to issue threat to blow up school . she was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours , court heard . teenager told court how she was ` crying and distressed ' and struggled to sleep . even after she was released on bail , she remained under suspicion for three weeks .
jonny bucknell , 58 , was enjoying his meal in the council chamber . labour rival theo blackwell spotted him and alerted other councillors . he was forced to put down his cutlery when the mayor interrupted the proceedings to tell him off . now says he wants a rule change so he can eat a roast dinner at council meetings .
the sperm whale is the largest toothed whale . adult males reach 16-20 meters -lrb- 50-65 feet -rrb- in length . sperm whales are listed as an endangered species under the u.s. endangered species act . encounters between sperm whales and rov 's are quite rare .
daniel craig , who 's often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as the dapper , martini-drinking agent 007 - will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u.n. mine action service and political and financial support for the cause . the united nations said it destroyed more than 400,000 land mines and explosive remnants of war and more than 2,000 tons of obsolete ammunition .
for in real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie , skyfall . incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before opening credits rolled that would have ` turned his lungs out ' . but bond is not the only one to defy medical science . writing for total film magazine , the experts say many characters in other top films would also have struggled to escape alive from their injuries .
the dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in antioch , california , with injuries to its ears and stomach . it is believed the pet , who has been named fireman by its rescuers , was burned by chemicals at a foster home . supporters have also been asked to donate on the site beourpet .
eight-month-old puppy silver was banned from getting close to prime minister . but aides ordered that the jack russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away from the conservative party leader . owner sarah styler was taking silver for his morning walk when she spotted tv crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house .
will allen and his business partner are accused of reaping more than $ 31 million in a ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes . the securities and exchange commission announced the charges monday against william d. allen , susan daub and their capital financial partners investment firms .
digital delivery of music caught up with physical formats like cds as a money stream for . the first time last year , the trade association ifpi said on tuesday , it fell marginally from 2013 . the report also named the year 's top-selling album - the ` frozen ' soundtrack , which sold 10 million copies .
bbc co-host richard hammond has released a video documenting his ` bored ' lifestyle . the film begins with a scene showing the 45-year-old lying on top of a wall on his farm in ross-on-wye , cumbria . it comes after james may released a series of videos showcasing his jobless life .
researchers sequenced the microbiomes of yanomami people living in a remote amazon village who had not had previous contact with non-yanomami . they say the results show just how modern lifestyles and diets have changed us - and that the bacteria they found could be potentially beneficial to modern society .
bruno fernández has been dubbed the ` majadahonda ripper ' after police searched his home in a suburb of madrid , spain . the 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger , adriana giogiosa , 55 . neighbours said he ` regularly ' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police .
union calls for more research into how longer working hours affect staff health . one member highlighted how staff at a hospital in staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week , totalling up to 78 hours a week . in a stretched nhs , longer shifts are now more common , offering a cost-effective strategy .
hiroshi ueda , a photographer who worked as an engineer for camera company minolta , claims that he first invented the selfie stick in the 1980s . he said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in europe . the supersized stick is available on the website accessory geeks for just $ 23 -lrb- # 16 -rrb- .
amy , 24 , unveils summer collection full of pastel prints . says she loves pastels and florals - they were big at coachella recently . says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and ` definitely ' for real women . admits she works out to keep her curves .
tourists in santiago de compostela , north-western spain , have been erected . graphic signs telling visitors not to stop for a poo break have been posted . but no one knows who put up the signs , which show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line across it .
scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation -lrb- cmb -rrb- of the universe . in 2004 astronomers first found the ` cold spot ' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation . the research was carried out by the institute for astronomy at the university of hawaii at manoa .
just 25 % of people plan to vote for the snp , with just 25 % backing labour . there has been a surge in support for the conservatives in the months since the independence referendum in september . first minister nicola sturgeon insists she is taking ` absolutely nothing for granted ' .
worker caught urinating in field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire . worker , who can be seen in high-vis jacket , stood in middle of crops urinating . tesco said vegetables undergo ` extensive assessment and review process ' . passer-by said : ` we name and shame people for dropping litter in streets ' .
glenn mason , 56 , plundered accounts of nine pensioners including an 83-year-old woman and a 92 year-old man living near his branch in biggin hill , kent . he got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in july 2012 . his attempts to cover up his crime by transferring money using the identity of two of his colleagues , julie jeffrey , 50 , and james cato , 35 , led to them being
nick clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to ` chip in a bit ' to protect services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant . well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values , leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up . levy would be used in part to deter people from buying holiday homes in the first place , but the money generated could be used to support schools , post officers and other services
the bin man was filmed lifting bags out of dustbins along park road in glodwick before tossing them down an alley . residents confused over who had been dumping bags full of rubbish in an alley next to their street . cctv shows council workers arriving in same alley days later placing stickers on each of them warning residents they could face fines of up to # 50,000 .
dr oz , 54 , is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons . he joined the faculty in 1993 and was the first person to sign the letter . the doctors accused dr oz of pushing ` miracle ' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work .
prince abdul malik , 31 , and dayangku raabi'atul ` adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah married in an opulent ceremony yesterday . the lavish display of wealth is possibly the most opulent wedding of all time , but the couple are n't the first too say i do at a ceremony costing millions .
the study released on thursday by the centers for disease control and prevention found that about 30 percent of women who 'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months . about half fell in the 18 months to 5 year range . the older the mom was , the longer the spacing between a birth and her next pregnancy .
miliband had been back in britain for two months after a brief spell as a lecturer at harvard university in the u.s. ever the policy nerd , the son of a marxist professor waxed lyrical about economic theory . justine thornton , who was sitting across the table and whom he had never met before , became transfixed .
raymond townsend , a manager at us limousine on long island , new york , was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher geralyn ganci . the woman , who sat near his wife in their office , repeatedly refused townsend 's requests for sex , but kept a text from her boss where he said she lost her job . he also sent her texts saying that he ` had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me ' .
scientists in california have described how to create artificial auroras on earth . they said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles -lrb- 300km -rrb- up into space . it would then fire high-energy beams back at earth 's atmosphere . the accelerator being proposed would be three times stronger than anything like it before , producing a beam with particles 0.5 to 10 million volts . pulses of the beam would last just 0.1 microseconds . this would fire
a washington , dc-based company called united space structures wants to create a new space station . their giant cylinder could apparently replace the iss . it would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity , and would be 1,300 ft -lrb- 400 metres -rrb- long and take 30 years to build . the ` space mushroom ' was designed by bill kemp and ted maziejka from uss . it is created by spinning the station 4.22 times per
chancellor met his house-cleaning doppelganger at a campaign stop . he was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built . the blue version of the popular vaccum brand also shampoos carpets . mr osborne took to twitter to hail the henry the hoover factory .
casey veal 's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home at random . the culprit was 19-year-old harley hicks who bashed the baby more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery .
patricia sebastiao , 22 , is pregnant with her third child who is due in the nexrt few months but returns to crackland to feed her addiction . andrea , better known as loira , is the portuguese word for ` blonde ' . she has been a crack user for 4 years and has been living in this crackland for about 4 months .
stephen howells , 39 , and his girlfriend nicole vaisey , 25 , were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the amish girls and other children . they each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls , then seven and 12 , from their family 's farm roadside vegetable stand on august 13 . on tuesday , st. lawrence county district attorney mary rain said that the defendants were advised of the strength of the evidence and offered an agreement to
sheila secker , 78 , had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son . as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off . when the grandmother collapsed in her home in december she could not contact her family and died in hospital a few days later .
major general michael gambier-parry was captured with 2,000 of his men by rommel in mechili , libya , in 1941 . they were given to him by a british prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat . rommel committed suicide in october 1944 after taking part in the north african campaign .
thomas cain 's mother ora mae died in 1943 , and he was left thinking that there were no surviving photographs of her . but this footage shows the moment his enterprising granddaughter , andrea ferrell , gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative . in the video she hands mr cain her present , which dates from the 1920s and shows his mother as a teenager , while his family encourage him .
representative darrell issa asked secretary of state clinton whether she , or any of her senior staff , had used a personal email account ` to conduct official business ' in december 2012 . but issa was ignored until more than a month after clinton had stepped down in february 2013 .
first minister was forced to admit her mps would vote for fiscal autonomy as early as next year . such a move would leave a massive # 7.6 billion black hole in scotland 's finances , triggering either higher taxes , deeper spending cuts or unsustainable borrowing levels . miss sturgeon struggled once again in a tv election clash screened by the bbc just a day after she faced an audience backlash by refusing to rule out a snap second referendum on independence .
memo for members of congress states ` the uk may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the united states in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the us agenda ' . dated april 2015 and drawn up to brief the senate and house of representatives on the impact of britain 's general election .
joyce kuhl , a grandmother from south carolina who visited the orlando park in 2013 , claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools . she alleges the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint them to disguise the injuries . she wants to have her $ 97 ticket reimbursed , as well as tickets for millions of other visitors who have been to the park in the past four years .
former new england patriots player aaron hernandez has been sentenced to life for the 2013 killing of odin lloyd . sheriff thomas hodgson said he 's a master manipulator and would try to use those qualities to get what he wanted at the bristol county house of corrections . he will ultimately end up at the maximum-security souza-baranowski state prison .
nicola sturgeon had asked cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood to investigate the leaked memo . she said she would prefer david cameron to remain in number 10 . but she completely denied claims that she hoped cameron would win the election . she then called on ed miliband to commit to ` locking out ' mr cameron .
harvey weinstein 's wife georgina chapman gushed online about her ` wonderful husband ' - just days after he was accused of groping an italian model . in an apparent effort to push past the scandal , the british-born fashion designer , who turned 39 on tuesday , shared an instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her . ` thank you for my beautiful flowers !!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday , ' she
nyia parler , 41 , allegedly left her quadriplegic 21-year-old son alone in the pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible . on tuesday , police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west philadelphia and left him there , before going to stay with her partner in maryland . relatives , who had been contacted by the boy 's school when he did n't turn up to class on t
the 72-year-old 's long-term employer , the bbc , is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff . several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of operation yewtree . the probe also exposed abuse by paedophile dj savile , who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades .
amber phillips of los angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in california on tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients . ` the pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work , ' she said . her mother died from breast cancer in the summer of 2012 .
officials at queen 's hospital , burton , admitted they did n't tell relatives about the arrangement and a spokesman has claimed the use of a lorry is normal practice across the country . bodies were transferred to the mortuary for viewings , then returned to the truck , according to one hospital worker .
amie cox , 33 , of victoria made the ready admission of the sensory bond she has for son alex , 5 , over her older boy william , 7 . she said the bond with alex 's scent began from the first moment she held him after giving birth and that for the first six to 12 months of his life she did n't want anyone else to touch him or ` rub their smell on him ' . since revelations about how she prefers the smell of her younger son
shiraz nawaz , 36 , had been walking to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him . as he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole . despite his shock , the building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident .
dr peter wilson told a bbc documentary ashya 's chances of survival could have been halved by brett and naghmeh king 's decision to flee abroad with him . he claimed the chemotherapy was essential to reduce the chances of the five-year-old 's cancer returning .
kim jong-un allegedly scaled the 9,000 ft high mount paektu near the chinese border , before telling troops at its peak that the climb was like ` nuclear weapons ' . pictures released by north korean state media show the 32-year-old leader smiling on the top at sunrise before visiting troops at the base .
a study that found almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years . most involved electronic data and theft , including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives . the study did n't examine motives behind criminal breaches , or how stolen data might have been used , but cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients ' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services .
osborne has gone from being booed in front of his two children at the paralympic games to being credited with helping to turn britain 's economy around . the chancellor did not consider throwing in the towel but knew that he had to break out of the safety of his treasury office .
john and karen copleston claim neighbour paul phillips , 67 , ` constantly harassed ' them over a petty dispute after they moved a gate at the back of their # 210,000 house in poole , dorset . the coplestons claim the gate has been at the end of the shared path since they bought the property in 1987 . the couple say the gate is on the far right and took the matter to council planners .
video taken from a plane yesterday shows the falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform , before a gust of wind sways it to one side . the 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge , but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact . united launch alliance has unveiled radical plans to launch a reusable rocket named ` vulcan ' in 2019 .
leslie cooper , 36 , charged with murder of syrian imam abdul hadi arwani . he was found dead in his volkswagen passat in wembley last tuesday night . cooper , from brent in north-west london , was remanded in custody .
corinna skorpenske , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took to facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer , while defending her daughter harley jo , a student at ohio state university . the note , which was left on harley 's car , despite the fact that her official handicap tag was clearly visible , read : ` you should be ashamed ! when you take a handicap spot , an actual disabled person suffers . you were not raised as you should have been
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 . beat fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am . now mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule .
review attacked the six-part series as ` a work of fiction that adopts a narrow , revisionist and anti-catholic point of view toward the religious turmoil of the tudor period ' . latest remarks echo criticisms voiced by clergy in the uk , who tore into the series for its ` perverse ' depictions of the historical characters when it first aired .
young parents hafeez batthi , 33 , and his wife , khalida , 26 , have been described as ` hardworking , honest and kind ' by members of the local islamic community . the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train on wednesday afternoon . stacey eden , 23 , made a bold stand in defence of a muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a
wayne heneker recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in queensland during an interview with nine network 's a current affair . during the attempted armed robbery he realised that the man he had just killed was an ex-colleague . it was only after he fired the shots that he discovered the gunman was former colleague shameem rahman .
thomas buckett plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight and sustained life-changing head injuries . the 21-year-old had to undergo invasive surgery when he fell through the roof of a school after breaking in to the tuck shop and stealing food and drink .
women 's knees are held in such an awkward , bent position that their joints looked and performed like aged or damaged joints . physiotherapist and osteopath tim allardyce is n't surprised by the ` odd angle ' at which the feet are held . at 5ft 3ft 3/2 in heels , women 's heels are held at 3/3 in heels .
jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary threaten to remove kindergartner logan from class . the 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused . she claims her boy has been using them all year , but then a teacher 's aide complained .
freddie gray , 25 , rode in a police van with freddie gray on april 12 , according to a leaked police report . the report was leaked to the washington post under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous - raising questions about its accuracy and the favorable light which it shines on the baltimore police force .
new horizons spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with pluto . its arrival at pluto will be the first spacecraft ever to visit its primary target - with its pedometer measuring more than three billion miles -lrb- 4.8 billion km -rrb- . after passing the orbits of all the major planets from earth to neptune , new horizons is now beginning its final leg of its 3 billion-mile journey .
andrew sadek 's body was found in a river with a bullet in the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014 . his mother believes the answer is that her 20-year-old son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police . authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will .
women are most popular at 25 years of age , while men hit the friendship high a little later at 27 years and three months . social networks such as facebook and twitter now play a major role in nurturing new friendships . a third of adults -lrb- 36 per cent -rrb- make 22 friends via facebook , compared to 18 to 24-year-olds who make just four .
vladimir putin appeared on russian tv today to insist none of the country 's troops are positioned in the ukraine . the 62-year-old 's forehead , clearly visibly in previous pictures , have disappeared , while his skin look smooth , taut , tanned and younger than ever .
a man has been rescued twice from cockle bay wharf in sydney 's darling harbour . the man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers . before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards , landing back in the water again . the incident happened despite hoards of people pleading with authorities to install fencing around the water 's edge to prevent more tragedies .
jason rezaian , 39 , is the post 's tehran bureau chief . he has been detained in iran for eight months and faces trial for ` security charges ' . fars news agency did not reveal the source for their information , but the agency is considered to be close to the ultra conservative iran hard-liners .
a beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for # 3million in cornwall . it is already drawing interest from viewers who are enamoured with the series ' stunning setting . since the series started airing last month estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage .
parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 40 - as the day progresses . but by 9.47 she looks exhausted as she prepares the family dinner and does the laundry after a day at work . both images are then judged independently by people on the street .
craig and bonnie morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life . they put their house on the market in order to pay the fees . they have also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half . they hope members of the public will help them achieve their dream .
the infamous chilkoot trail in british columbia used by thousands of men during the klondike gold rush . keith wolfe smarch , a first nation master-carver , had abandoned work on a totem pole to guide me along the trail . he is descended from skookum jim , the first man to find gold in a remote riverbed in the yukon in 1896 .
the sigma alpha epsilon -lrb- sae -rrb- fraternity at clemson university in south carolina has been put on probation for two years . the ` cripmas ' party , held last december , had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas , t-shirts with images of the late rapper tupac shakur and fake ` thug ' tattoos . the incident caused a backlash as black students protested and said clemson
pope francis made the comments at a 100th anniversary mass on sunday . turkey told the vatican ambassador it was ` deeply sorry and disappointed ' . turkey accepts that many armenians died in . clashes with ottoman soldiers beginning in 1915 , when armenia . was part of the empire ruled from istanbul .
the male animal , which was eventually captured with a dart gun , was first seen by a local walking his dog in the park near the church of the holy apostles at 28th street and ninth avenue in chelsea . after the resident alerted two workers to the sighting , nypd officers arrived at the scene . however , the coyote did not surrender easily , sprinting across the grass and dodging the cops ' attempts to catch it . it was only captured more than an hour later when emergency services
archaeologists have found traces of compounds in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old neanderthal teeth found in el sidron , spain . neanderthals may have been using these plants as a form of self-medication , but now new findings have presented a different theory . they suggest they may have used them to make food more palatable .
a new york city bus driver is facing possible termination after video emerged of him looking at papers and driving with his wrists and forearms . she was ` shocked ' that the driver 's behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus , in which all the seats were full . the driver was seen with both hands on a piece of paper , believed to be a timetable for his route replacing the closed section of a subway .
a 37-year-old man was in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in eastpointe , michigan , police said . the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste . the man was held for questioning and the causes of the deaths have n't been released .
maggierizer only gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn nine weeks ago . the 37-year-old sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot , which she shared monday on her instagram account .
officials with the lamar consolidated independent school district say the eight-page handout was n't approved by administrators . the handout , entitled islam/radical islam -lrb- did you know -rrb- , made unsubstantiated claims like : '38 percent of muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed ' .
the odds were slashed further after a scottish punter placed # 2,000 wager on a new princess with ladbrokes . betting on the new royal baby 's date of birth has also been hotting up , with the 18th , 19th and 20th april the most popular choices . despite there being more than a week to go until the 25th , royal fans have already begun staking their claim to spots outside the lindo wing at st. mary '
a memorial service has been finalised to take place at the eat your greens function centre in eugowra , near ms scott 's home town of canowindra . reverend jonno williams , the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church , confirmed the venue to the abc . he told daily mail australia he knows stephanie 's family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone .
edward fride , the pastor at christ the king in ann arbor , michigan , suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license . in a pro-gun letter to parishioners , he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant there had been a ` significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response ' .
liam linford oliver-christie , 29 , was caught with the drugs under his floorboards during a police raid in west kensington , west london , in september 2013 . officers uncovered the haul and ` drugs paraphernalia ' with the help of a sniffer dog at his council flat . oliver christie today admitted two counts of possessing class a drugs .
british-born street artist plastic jesus put up seven ` no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around los angeles this week . he says he got the idea while driving down melrose avenue in l.a. a few weeks ago , when traffic was brought to a complete halt when one of the sisters walked out of a storefront and paparazzi swarmed to grab a picture .
scything expert chris riley , 56 , says his own physique is more like rocker iggy pop . turner set hearts aflutter when he stripped off to manfully mow a hay field with a scythe , an ancient cutting tool used for centuries prior to horse drawn and modern mowing machinery .
virgin australia launched complimentary food on all flights across the australian domestic network on wednesday . the latest introduction of free food will be part of a package that will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights . the food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and the duration of the journey .
sol campbell has joined forces with david harewood , tinie tempah and paralympic medallist / / / television presenter ade adepitan . the campaign , run by operation black vote , features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on april 20 .
the iconic sydney harbour bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on instagram . with 342,969 photos , it trumps the popular bondi beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos . others include the twelve apostles along the great ocean road in victoria , uluru which is also known as ayers rock in the northern territory .
dj neil fox , 53 , accused of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years . one alleged victim says fox repeatedly assaulted her at capital radio 's studios in leicester square . fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014 .
eric jackson took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest mass shooting on a u.s. military base , and returned to fort hood five years later with other survivors on friday to receive purple heart medals . some smiled over an honor they felt was overdue , but also clenched their teeth over needs in their scarred and injured lives they say the army has denied . jackson , a former staff sergeant . . . said , ` it 's kind of hard not to be bitter , but it
marks & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla -- or mango plum -- after years of work with specialist growers in thailand . it has been nicknamed the plango and it is expected to be a big hit . the fruit has a bright orange edible skin , which is firmer than a plum , and a sweet taste similar to an alphonso mango but with a softer texture .
xavier denamur sparked fury after he exposed france as a country of microwave cheats and even went as far as to compare it as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline . unesco has named france 's ` gastronomic meal ' a world treasure and the country still welcomes more tourists than any other nation .
ben parson , 34 , stunned girlfriend anna jefferson , 36 , by getting down on one knee after running 24 and a half miles . she feared her boyfriend was struggling when he started to slow down on hove seafront , because she was unaware of his proposal plan . ben ran onward towards the finishing line , still managing to get a personal best timing and completing his sixth brighton marathon in 3hrs 36min .
temperatures in the south could reach 23c -lrb- 73f -rrb- by wednesday , forecasters say . best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2 c at achnagart in scottish highlands . but incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today .
nikko jenkins , 28 , recently tried to carve ' 666 ' into his forehead but did it backwards . symbol is described in biblical book of revelation as ` the sign of the beast ' . however , with a series of upside-down 9s , he has fashioned himself an entirely unique - and irreversible - engraving .
ken broskey , 69 , of livonia , michigan , has stage 4 cancer , and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care . this so he can earn money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and two grandchildren can continue to live in his house . the company has donated $ 5,000 to the man , and is also donating $ 1 to a gofundme campaign set up for the man for every rider who enters uberpartnerken into
muhammed tahir , 53 , got off his train at mile end and picked a target . he then followed her onto a central line service and stood as close to her as he could . unable to leave the packed train , she tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his advances . he was charged with two similar offences in 2003 only to be cleared after the prosecution file failed to arrive in court in time .
the humanoid , known as ham , has been drawing in crowds with his incredible range of facial expressions at an electronics event in hong kong this week . the head , designed by american robotics designer david hanson , is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios . ham is currently on exhibit at the global sources spring electronics show at asiaworld expo - the largest event of its kind in the world .
in the hbo documentary thought crimes ` cannibal cop ' gilberto valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap , torture , and eat women online . for those hungry to learn about valle and his stomach-churning fantasies , the film will also be shown on hbo in may .
six-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms , five bathrooms , a gym , and a lift to take cars to the basement garage . it comes after ms forbes , 49 , made a handsome profit on the sale of her previous flat , in chelsea , in february . neighbours have expressed mixed views about the house , which was completed this year after a two-year build .
karen gaynor appeared at rotherham magistrates court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree . but magistrates took just 15 minutes to find her not guilty , saying that she had acted with good intentions . the 53-year-old mother-of-two was put on bail for seven months .
craig roberts , 36 , walked into post office in chadderton , manchester . employee shouted from behind the counter that he would have to leave his guide dog outside if he wanted to be served . he said he was left feeling ` angry and shocked ' after staff refused him entry .
excrement thrown at statue of british colonialist cecil john rhodes . memorials to south africa 's colonial past defaced by mainly young black protesters . vandals poured paint over scottish-south african missionary andrew murray 's statue in the western cape .
millie marotta , 36 , is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume animal kingdom . the beautiful black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals , plants and birds . the success of animal kingdom 's has come as a huge surprise , not least to millie herself .
violet price , 80 , had been missing from her home in moustier village since last week . her son , a businessman who lives in the area , was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party . a 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder .
pittsburgh-based pop-up store has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap , meaning that female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full . more active protest than business venture , less than 100 is not-for-profit and aims to highlight the disparity in salaries between the sexes .
karstein erstad found the worms on the surface of the snow while he was skiing in the mountains near bergen at the weekend . numerous reports have been coming in after he told his story . following mr erstad 's discovery on sunday , there have been similar reports in southern norway and sightings of worm rainfall in femunden .
jonathan krueger , the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the college of communication and information , was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. friday . police charged justin smith , 18 , with the murder friday afternoon , this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim . smith was also charged with robbery , tampering with evidence , and fleeing
david cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit # 8billion to fund the health service . this is the figure named by nhs boss simon stevens as the amount needed to help plug a # 30billion hole in the nhs 's accounts . the move is designed to demolish cynical labour claims that the tories would ` cut nhs to the bone ' .
freddie gray , 25 , died sunday after he ` had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck ' during an arrest in baltimore last sunday . three bicycle officers for a violation that 's been kept ` secret ' until today . official police documents filed monday said that the man was arrested by officer garrett miller for having a switchblade knife . gray , who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van , then lapsed into a coma and was
the mysterious island , por-bajin , was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern siberia . historians and scientists are divided , but suggest it was a summer palace , monastery , or an astronomical observatory . the plot thickens as the way it was built , along with the construction materials use , hint at chinese architectural tradition .
robert fidler , 66 , secretly constructed the mock-tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons and lived there with his family from 2002 . he unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit a legal loophole that prevents enforcement action against a structure if no objections have been made for four years . but the local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission . now , after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds , communities and local government secretary eric
tina fey was seen out with her husband jeff richmond and daughter penelope friday morning in new york city . this is the first time the emmy-award winning writer , producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of dr. fredric brandt on april 5 . the 30 rock star has yet to comment on dr. brandt 's suicide , though her husband did say the entire incident was ` very sad ' .
the heartwarming scenes were captured by professional photographer denis budkov , 35 , during a trip to kuril lake in kamchatka , russia . he sat and watched as the animal family have bear-ly a concern in the world as they play and snooze in the sunshine .
sandra bullock hid in her bedroom closet and sounded panicked and tearful at times as she guided police into her house after spotting an intruder last year . the oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic . the 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against joshua corbett , who is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in june .
nicola sturgeon today launched her party 's manifesto setting out demands for as the price propping up a labour government . but a new comres poll for itv news reveals 54 per cent want her kept out of the next uk government . 59 per cent of voters want the snp as a whole to play no part in running the country .
mohammed dahbi discriminated against actress kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer after ordering them to ` keep that behavior for the bedroom ' . he warned that if they ignored his request during the trip on september 18 , 2011 , he would throw them out . he was ordered to pay the couple $ 10,000 in fines .
professor giuseppe ferrari , head of the italian occult watchdog , made the revelation when speaking to a vatican-backed exorcism course in rome . he told those in attendance : ` there are those who try to turn people into vampires and make them drink other people 's blood , or encourage them to have special sexual relations to obtain special powers ' . such incidents are considered a form of demonic possession by the vatican .
khim hang , 22 , displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers . the collection , which adopted its own punk-look , showed a strong oriental influence - an obvious nod to his cultural background . this year also marks a record for hang who has been said to be the youngest designer to show at mbfwa .
ryan , 41 , phoned rhodri , 38 , and the two brothers are now reconciling . ryan moved on a long time ago but was adamant ryan had to make the first move as he was the one who had done wrong . affair was first revealed in june 2011 when ryan 's wife natasha admitted an eight-year affair with the former star winger .
tom ryan , 40 , was struck by a toyota while making deliveries on staten island . onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding . mr ryan was taken to belleview hospital before being transferred by air ambulance to the trauma unit .
nicola sturgeon has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in loanhead . she set out details of what she called a ` triple lock ' that exists on independence . lib dem leader nick clegg warned the entire country would suffer if snp chose to ` constantly ask everybody the same question ' .
a cache of documents , including the blueprints for an isis secret service and instructions on how to infiltrate and take control of local villages have been discovered in syria . earlier this month mailonline reported that isis militants are being led by a highly secretive group of strategists and officials that were once senior figures in saddam hussein 's army .
patrick o'melia , 39 , a deputy with the volusia county sheriff 's office , was flagged down while he was on patrol near deland in florida . when justin braddock , 34 , found unconscious in the front seat of a car he spent seven minutes giving him cpr and eventually revived him .
bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private with punters placing a flood of cash on the tories . one bookie alone has taken five bets for more than # 10,000 on who will win the most seats -- with not a single bet of this size on ed miliband 's labour .
the splatters of blood on the checklist for the very first us spacewalk were from an astronaut as he frantically battled to close the hatch door of the spacecraft . but the gemini 4 mission of june 1965 ultimately proved successfully , and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon for the first time four years later .
born bradley manning , the 27-year-old former intelligence analyst was convicted of espionage in july 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the wikileaks website . one month after being found guilty , manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named chelsea elizabeth manning . in february this year , after suing the defense department , he was approved for hormone treatment , allowing the former army private to make the transition
andrei lunev reportedly walked on tripwire while reporting on fighting . he suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds after stepping on landmine . incident took place in the wake of several exchanges of fire overnight . ukrainian and russian foreign ministers agreed a day earlier to end conflict .
larung gar buddhist academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns , who travel to the settlement of sertar . the red and brown houses are nearly identical , with one to three rooms per hut and no heating or toilets installed . local children gather after class on one of the banks in the hilly religious institution .
the us environmental protection agency said it is contacting people including employees at sirenusa resort in st. john to determine how many others might have been exposed to the pesticide . it was banned for indoor residential use in 1984 . the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma .
the 223ft explorer is an exclusive superyacht which comes with its own helipad , infinity pool and plenty for space for supercar and jetski storage . with space for 12 lucky guests on board , the concept yacht from british yacht designer tony castro is the ultimate toy for the extremely wealthy .
police called after teenagers started ` running riot ' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at southport holiday park , merseyside . holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fight , which they said started in the main hall before spilling out to an outside area . one man from liverpool , who was staying in a chalet with his pregnant wife and three-year-old daughter , said the argument appeared to start after a confrontation between two groups .
mary day fraudulently claimed # 16,500 of income support and disability allowance despite having # 27,000 of her own savings in the bank . the 60-year-old used taxpayers ' money to go on luxury holidays to the indian resort of goa for up to a month each time . day went on three trips to tourist hotspot goa in 2009 , 2011 and 2014 . she was caught following an anonymous tip-off to benefits officers . day has now pleaded guilty to five counts
the white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east tibet after researchers set up camera traps . officially named macaca leucogenys , it earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face . human males may be preoccupied by the size of their penis , but it is one of the largest in the primate kingdom .
david nellist , 38 , of keswick , cumbria , was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called coco ` screaming ' . he was sentenced to two months in prison , suspended for 18 months , ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of # 1,580 .
ed miliband has jumped ahead of the prime minister in personal approval ratings . tories have pinned much of their election hopes on turning the campaign into a straight choice between mr cameron and the labour leader . revelation comes in the wake of a furious political row over labour leader 's personal character .
almost three quarters -lrb- 73 per cent -rrb- of toasted cheese eaters have sex at least once a month , compared with 63 per cent who steer clear of the comfort food . as if bedroom prowess is n't enough , fans of grilled cheese are also more charitable and are more likely to travel .
dave hughes called radio broadcaster derryn hinch a ` w ** ker ' on monday night 's q&a panel discussing depression and alcohol . audience member lauren hayes asked minister for trade and investment andrew robb if he thought mr abbott 's ` display of irresponsible drinking was an attempt to become more popular with younger voters ' . but hughes interjected and said this culture had existed and people drank to get drunk .
chuka umunna said he was opposed to ` taxing for the sake of taxing ' . remarks highlighted divisions in labour 's top ranks over 50p rate . when george osborne reduced it to 45p , arguing rate was deterring businesspeople and ` wealth creators ' , labour railed against what it has ever since called a ` millionaires ' tax cut .
the harewood arms in wakefield , west yorkshire , is running a ` save the pub ' campaign in the run up to the election . the pub , known for flying the gay pride flag outside its premises , declared its support for nigel farage 's ukip over the weekend . landlord matt eason said the pub had received a ` marmite ' reaction of divided opinions .
lorraine valentine suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria -lrb- epp -rrb- which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or uv light . her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered , as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain . now , as temperatures in the uk are set to soar , she is desperate for a drug that can help her
nick cousins , 57 , and grace garcia cousins , 53 , held over alleged ` ill treatment ' . girl , 15 , fell to her death from multi-million pound flat in hong kong . couple also being questioned by police over claims filipino mrs cousins had overstayed her visa .
experts said training was ` heavily geared ' towards young people . this left them vulnerable when companies start ` shedding ' jobs . association of accounting technicians said death of ` job for life ' meant workers could no longer rely on loyalty to their company and experience to take them through to retirement with same employer .
jake castner , from ballarat in victoria , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts . he boasted on facebook : ` we do n't talk to police ! ' . the 19-year-old joked about the ` nightmare ' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences .
gunfights broke out and . vehicles were set ablaze in one of mexico 's biggest . cities along the u.s. border , after security forces arrested a . leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area . from mcallen , texas , ground to a halt on friday afternoon after . vehicles torched and shooting began , authorities said . three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police . were injured , the tamaulipas state
kelly watson started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co-ordination . despite regular trips to gps , it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young . after tests and a brain scan , she was hit with the horrifying news of early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday on june 23 last year . now she is terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter holly and said the joys of watching her grow
albert is from salt lake city and is a constant source of entertainment to his 44.1 k instagram followers . the grey cat was also named after his famous lookalike - albert einstein . the hit social media account is run by his owners mike and susan singleton in usa .
kent sprouse was put to death by lethal injection thursday night in texas . sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he was arrested more than a decade ago that he was mentally ill at the time of the slayings in 2002 and should be spared the death penalty . he was convicted of the death of ferris police officer harry marvin ` marty ' steinfeldt iii , who was shot outside the ferris food mart about 20 miles south of dallas .
shcherbakov family adopted the bear after it wandered up to their house gate . with scenes reminiscent of the fairy tale goldilocks and the three bears , the family matriarch cooks porridge for the little bear . she also feeds him milk from a refashioned beer bottle , and she told reuters that he loves snacking on sweets .
anna foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent , a court heard . the 30-year-old even flew to new york to shop in fifth avenue 's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made . but they were arrested and foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today .
the vision was captured at a known hoon hotspot in yatala on the gold coast , where police were alerted after spotting a driver doing burnouts . a 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on saturday night in an intense police chase that left one passenger with a broken neck .
new arrival 's grandmother has become a permanent fixture at home . nanny maria teresa turrion borrallo is preparing to welcome a second charge . fittings for both are thought have come from luxury children 's furniture emporium , dragons of knightsbridge , where moses baskets start at # 75 .
the president and former actor went off-script during a peace summit in geneva in the 1980s to ask the soviet leader for his support in the event of an alien invasion . reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students , and his subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them .
sage silverman , 32 , a los angeles-based writer and self-confessed ` gender rebel ' , has been a fan of modcloth 's designs for years . it was through these images that rye caught the eye of the label 's executives , who were quick to contact her about starring as one of the brand 's monthly fashion truth campaign stars .
cheryl rios , who runs the company go ape marketing , posted her views on her facebook page on sunday after hillary clinton announced she was going to run for president . ` with the hormones we have , there is no way -lsb- a woman -rsb- should be able to start a war , ' she wrote in her post . rios said that she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks that ` there 's an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman
a small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off . a female of average weight would need to walk for the full 40 minutes , whereas an 80 kilogram male could burn it off in 30 minutes . experts are advising that it is better to manage our energy consumption than to try and work it off afterward .
alison sharland , 47 , agreed # 10.35 million settlement with ex-husband charles . but husband charlie had lied about value of his share in appsense . court of appeal found that mr sharland had deliberately hidden information . mrs sharland will now take her fight to the supreme court .
the 17-year-old was one of the participants in the nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth . miss schumacher was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in what is known as the ` first go-round 2nd section ' .
kieron power , 54 , was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars . his wife had previously been given a # 110 ticket for stopping in the same place for 45 seconds behind a police car and van . mr power 's wife has paid the ticket for parking behind the bittoms centre in kingston after an appeal .
teacher mary kay letourneau , 53 , and her husband , vili fualaau , 31 , have spoken to barbara walters on ' 20/20 ' . the couple 's two teenage daughters , georgia and audrey , will join their parents for the interview . the interview will air on friday .
geraldine schultz , 67 , was blown from the home where she died in fairdale , illinois , to the town of harvard , 35 miles away . it showed her alongside her husband clem , 84 , and was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory . using a facebook group , murray posted a picture of the photograph , which eventually led to it being claimed .
audrey pekin , 19 , says she was raped twice on christmas eve in bali . henry alafu , who she had met a few days earlier when he lured her to his remote home , then assaulted her again in a taxi as she tried to flee . ms pekin was not put off by the lack of noticeable noise that suggested there was no party taking place , because her illness made it ` impossible to think ' .
brianne altice , 35 , was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges , including rape , sodomy , sexual abuse and sex with a minor . in mid-march , one of the alleged victims brought a $ 647,000 lawsuit against the utah school district accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the ` flirtatious ' teacher before she started a sexual relationship with him .
neanderthals may have eaten deceased friends and family either for food or in bizarre funeral rituals . similar marks have been seen at other neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives . this is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years .
tv director glen walford has been embroiled in a legal battle with worcestershire county council since her mother moved to a care home in 2006 . she has recently invested # 40,000 in renovations at her flat in london . the council has won the right to force her to use the equity in the house , where she intended to retire , for care home fees , which can be up to # 600 a week .
lee keeley , 38 , grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall . judge ruled against him in a civil matter at lincoln county court in january . the victim suffered a cut to her right ear , bruising and swelling to the ear . he appeared before another judge and admitted assault occasioning actual bodily harm .
` nail ' houses in china are known as ` dingzihu ' or ` nail houses ' because they stick out and are difficult to remove , like a stubborn nail . the owner of the house did n't reach an agreement with the local authority about compensation of the demolition . they strongly request the government punishes the criminals .
dawn williamson , 39 , was cured of her crippling snake phobia live on tv . therapists nik and eva speakman broke down dawn 's phobia with their no-nonsense approach , which involved ` proving ' to dawn that her fear was irrational . by the end of the show , dawn was able to touch a real-life 9ft burmese python as it stretched out across her lap , leaving hosts philip schofield and amanda holden gob-
google has announced a tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term ` find my phone ' on the site 's homepage . it works with all android phones that have the latest google app installed , and when the user is signed into their google account on chrome . it appears to only work when you 're signed into your google account . the same google account must be signed into on the phone . users will need to install the android device manager -lrb- adm -rrb
the 5-foot-5 , 95-pound actress posed with a lime-green challenger used in the movie and was interviewed by a blogger for a segment that was later featured on cnn 's ireport . in the interview , lafontaine gushed about how thrilling it was for her to join a major franchise like fast & furious .
andrew steele , 40 , has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last august of his wife , 39-year-old ashlee steele and her sister , kacee tollefsbol . taking the stand for the defense on day 2 of the insanity phase of his trial dr. doug tucker testified that steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law . tucker said that was the reason steele
budddhist wu yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at lingquan temple in central china 's anyang city . records show that his parents died he was 15-years-old , leading him to run away to became a monk in shanxi yanan qing hua temple .
only a quarter say it 's important to know about leaders ' domestic lives . only 25 per cent believe it is important to get to know party leaders ' families . findings may come as a shock to ed miliband , david cameron and justine in one of their two kitchens and in their witney home .
australian woman is on a campaign to reunite a lost ring with its owner . roxy walsh found the ring while snorkelling at finns beach club in bali today -lrb- april 7 -rrb- . the bali bible shared the post to more than 171 thousand followers .
jamie pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones . the 26-year-old sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family , county court judge sandra davis said . the judge also accepted his surname would attract unwanted attention and interfere with his rehabilitation .
marie surprenant was eight-months-old and weighed only 14lbs when she was admitted to the children 's healthcare of atlanta with more than 14 fractures , numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic . after her biological mother and boyfriend were arrested , marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by michele .
isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike . source said he was wounded by an attack from the us-led coalition . at first his chances of survival were deemed by his lieutenants to be low . however , he was left so weakened that his inner circle mooted naming a new leader .
christopher flowers , 84 , was driving down chili avenue in rochester on march 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt , causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames . he immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from his top . but the windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames so much that they engulfed his entire torso . but on sunday , hospital officals announced he has died from severe burns to his torso and neck .
jack mascitelli , from victoria , ran through byron bay naked during schoolies week for a free kebab . the prank backfired when he accidentally ran ` screaming and yelling ' past a group of police officers . the 18-year-old was fined $ 500 for offensive behaviour .
toshiba 's humanoid robot is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in tokyo . the robot , named aiko chihira , will only speak japanese - but she is also capable of sign language . toshiba is unlikely to engage in smalltalk its makers admit .
corry ` corey ' campbell , 21 , was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the ` tattoo terrorists ' . he was beaten , tied to a chair , and covered in offensive tattoos . valecce , an unemployed drug addict , had been staying in the basement of campbell 's mother 's house in mayfair , philadelphia , however that basement would become a torture chamber . campbell apparently discovered that pebbles had suffered a broken leg and had reason to believe valec
the house in the sea sits right on the beach in newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge . surrounded by water and isolated from the town , the tiny island is far from basic . the master bedroom is connected by a private staircase and includes a luxurious four poster bed .
ranette afonso , 42 , will marry marko conte , 30 , this october after they fell head over wheels in love and moved in together within two months of the fateful bump . ranette , who has a 21-year-old daughter with the husband from whom she is now divorced , said : ' i was waiting for my husband , who had popped into the bank , when i noticed a sporty nissan skyline trying to squeeze into a tiny space behind me ' .
kyle seitz , 37 , of ridgefield , connecticut , received two years of conditional release , a sentence similar to probation , at the hearing in danbury superior court in november . authorities say seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son , benjamin , to day care on the morning of july 7 , 2014 , and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work . temperatures that day soared into the upper 80s .
tonia vetter , a high-risk nurse and mother of five , was sitting in her car nearby , who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy , arley . it was bumper-to-bumper all up the i-65 in louisville for president obama 's visit to the city to tour a technology plant .
jesus salas aguayo , a former gun for hire and jarez cartel boss , was arrested on friday , bringing an end to the career of a criminal who was famed for dispatching his enemies with the use of dynamite . earning the nickname ` the liquidator ' for the brutal and ruthless methods that earned him a place on the dea 's most wanted list . in 2008 the sinaloa cartel declared war on the juarez cartel as it sought to take control of
thierry fremaux blasted celebrities such as rosario dawson and nabilla benattias who ` stop every two metres to take a picture of themselves ' . the cannes director said the ` ridiculous and grotesque ' pictures slowed the entire event down , causing problems for organisers . he said : ` you never look as ugly as you do in a selfie ' .
koral reef married her high school sweetheart that july and began to show worsening symptoms like headache , fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later . by october 2014 , reef would be dead . her mother is on a mission to educate the world about the dangers of balamuthia mandrillaris , for which there is no proven treatment .
teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at the hands of violent pupils as young as six , the nasuwt union said . last year , staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs , brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children 's throats . deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism .
a new series , chaos caught on camera , premieres on science channel monday , april 13 . a battle between a hungry lion and a buffalo in the mjejane reserve in south africa will be seen on the show . each natural or man-made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics , illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe or survival .
dmitry kaminskiy is a senior partner of hong kong-based firm , deep knowledge ventures . he says research into stem cells , tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the ` real absolute limit to human lifespan ' . already , a number of supercentenarians are candidates to best calment 's record , having lived to age 122.5 .
temperatures in the south is forecast to reach 24c today and 25c -lrb- 77f -rrb- tomorrow , surpassing the highest seen so far this year . delightful weather caused by warm air blowing up from the azores is creating conditions we might usually experience in july or august .
dr nadeem azeez , 52 , is thought to be in pakistan but was charged with manslaughter by gross negligence , along with fellow anaesthetist dr errol cornish , 67 . maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust is also accused of corporate manslaughter -- the first time a health trust has been charged with the offence since its introduction in 2008 .
abc program lateline revealed the telemovie will be shown in countries such as syria , iraq and afghanistan later in the year . the drama will reportedly have a story-line which involves the australian navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea . an immigration department spokesperson would not clarify whether the government will fully fund the drama .
uber driver emerson decarvalho allegedly ran down a cyclist who was shouting at him , leaving the biker with several broken bones , police and media reported . the incident occurred in the busy fisherman 's wharf area of san francisco when the cyclist rode up to the vehicle , yelled at the driver , banged on his window and pushed in his mirror . he was also charged with failing to maintain a three-foot -lrb- one meter -rrb- space between his car
elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . mrs sedway suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer . in the message , the mother of two explained that she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at lihue airport on kauai when an alaska airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield
corey edwards , from teignmouth , devon more than anything wanted to see his parents craig , 28 , and jemma , 21 , tie the knot . the five-year-old was diagnosed with a complex congenital heart defect at the age of seven months . since then has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments .
michelle o'clee , 39 , said her bigamist husband 's ` extraordinary lies ' were like something from a john grisham thriller . she said : ` in my head it was like dominoes -- flashbacks of everything and it all made sense ' . the ex-soldier was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy .
number of communications employees working for local government is more than two times that working across 20 central government departments . london has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across its local authorities , four times more than the entire editorial staff at the evening standard . manchester city council comes second with 47 staff and bristol and sheffield city come joint third .
maria twomey , 42 , of watford , became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike . she has now left behind her job in nursing and has joined the ranks of professional fitness models , hitting the gym for three hours a day .
richard williams , 54 , spent # 50,000 turning a canal narrowboat into a replica german second world war submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope . his ex-wife laurel howarth , 28 , was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded her majesty 's revenue and customs of # 1,017,505 .
the figure was paid by the shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust . it represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a freedom of information request . it also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in december last year . the trust has been criticised for wasting taxpayers ' money .
arman nejad , 23 , dragged the teenager into his house and abused her . the girl , now 18 , went to police in 2010 and was interviewed by officers . three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved , and detectives then dropped the case .
footage was taken of a routine skydive in everöd , sweden . it was taken four years ago and recorded on the helmet of one of the divers . as two companions circle them - the camera slips from helmet and makes its stomach-churning plunge to the ground . remarkably , the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height .
karen catherall , 45 , was viciously beaten and strangled to death by darren jeffreys , who she met only weeks earlier on dating site plenty of fish . the pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home in gwernaffield near mold , north wales . he was jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in february . police have since told the family that the mother-of-two made a 999 call from
shanna mccormick , 31 , whose weight had ballooned to nearly 28st , feared she would not live to see her wedding day . doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she did n't slim down and fast . now , the pair are engaged to be married and have bought a house together .
the loose women panellist said she was ` hounded on twitter ' after airing her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers . the 34-year-old mother-of-two said on loose women this afternoon : ` of course i do n't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops ' .
snacking is an important way to control hunger ; while we would like to think we reach for something healthy like carrot sticks , raisins or a handful of almonds , more often than not it 's salty crisps , sweet biscuits or cheap chocolate that we tend to munch on . femail has identified three tribes of snackers : snack amnesiacs , situational snackers and super snackers .
liana barrientos , 39 , of the bronx , pleaded not guilty friday based on charges that she married 10 men over the course of 11 years . one of the men was deported back to pakistan for making threatening statements against the united states in 2006 after an investigation by the joint terrorism task force . in court today , prosecutors said she married at least four people at the time .
stone tools were discovered buried in sediment along the west coast of lake turkana in kenya . it means that ancient human ancestors were creating tools hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first ` man ' . discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution as - if correct - the date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older than any others found previously .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , said as he was ushered out of the courtroom in daytona beach , florida . he is accused of walking into wayne county community college in goldsboro , north carolina on monday and killing his former supervisor , ronald lane , 44 , before fleeing on a motorbike . he was arrested more than 500 miles away early on tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a beach . he will be extradited back
walter the grey-headed flying fox bat , from sydney , picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner 's cup of tetley 's tea . the bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks , sipping on tea and eating snacks . since walter acquired the unusual taste , all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also began drinking the beverage , which has been nicknamed ' a hug in a
linden gledhill from staffordshire , combines his love of photography with a phd in biochemistry . the 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly 's wing pattern . butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers .
labour 's deputy leader harriet harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year . she said the policy would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families . more than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first go back to work after maternity leave .
mother-of-two gemma , 23 , has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both over to her mother debbie when they were four months old . debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all after discovering her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat , and because she suspects her of stealing .
margaret tyler , 71 , could be in for a long wait as the duchess of cambridge 's due date is more than a week away . mrs tyler was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of princess diana in 2008 .
shiva , 11 , was reportedly beaten to death for stealing another 's pencil and eraser . head teacher lalit verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as shiva after the stolen items were discovered in the boy 's bag at dwarika prasad school in railamau village .
knox was exonerated in november 2007 for the 2007 murder of british student meredith kercher . three weeks after an italian court overturned her conviction , preston says she is living out a bittersweet victory . knox 's biographer , douglas preston , says knox is suffering ptsd and seeking professional help .
alexander pacteau , 21 , appeared at glasgow sheriff court today . charged with murder after body of karen buckley was found this week . miss buckley , a qualified nurse , went missing following a night out . her body was later found by police at a farm six miles north of her home .
activated charcoal is thought to act as a ` detox ' with a green tea or a wheatgrass juice ? or pack your diet full of flax seeds and acai berry - all in the hope of improving your cholesterol , preventing cancer and promoting weight loss ? every day across the world scientists publish countless studies into the health benefits of various foods .
justine miliband first met the labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' . but he failed to tell his future wife that he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' - understood to be the former bbc economics editor stephanie flanders .
tori spelling was a trouper and stuck through her family brunch at benihana 's japanese restaurant in encino , california , tori , hubby dean mcdermott , their kids , liam , stella , hattie and finn . she shouted out in pain from a large burn on the back of her right arm . doctors said she risked severe infection and scarring if she did n't act right away .
internet star zoella , real name zoe elizabeth sugg , has enjoyed meteoric success after her blog and video posts amassed a huge teen following on social media . it comes after an investigation found that video blogs - popular with children aged 11 to 17 are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food and online gambling sites .
greg scott , 51 , a basketball coach at cass high school in georgia , was diagnosed with leukemia a day before he lost his brief battle with the illness . for the past eight years , scott had taught special education and social studies at the school and was the head basketball coach . but those who knew him , including his colleagues and players , say there was much more to scott than his love of sports .
the 61-year-old democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight counts of bribery for using his position to help a wealthy donor in exchange for nearly $ 1million in gifts and campaign contributions . menendez and melgen met at a fundraiser in 1993 , shortly after menendez was voted into the senate . the two quickly became close , with menendez being invited to fly on melgen 's private jet and visit his villa in the dominican republic on several occasions .
muslim engagement and development -lrb- mend -rrb- was said to have boasted that they can act as ` kingmakers ' when the country goes to the polls . the group , which wants to let british muslims fight in syria without fear of prosecution , has bragged that it is in talks with both the conservatives and labour .
na chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house by herself . the five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property . neighbours rushed to help after they spotted the girl hanging in the air with her head trapped between the bars .
siyanda ngwenya , known as adams , allegedly attacked the female contestant . pair were last seen on tv kissing and cuddling in bed before cameras moved away . alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims and told female contestants that she did not consent to having sex .
victoria 's secret angel alessandra ambrosio is recovering at a hospital in los angeles following a ` medical procedure ' for ` constant headaches ' . the brazilian supermodel -- seen partying at the coachella festival in california on sunday - underwent the procedure on tuesday .
andy jordan from made in chelsea has enjoyed the best hotels around the world , but also enjoys a stay at travelodge . sat in andy 's london flat at the start of the bank holiday a travel edition of ` would you rather ' kicks off proceedings . he says he prefers action holidays to lying on a beach .
the daily mirror published sensational pictures of the hatton garden raiders 21 hours before scotland yard released them in a bid to appeal for information . tabloid claims it handed the images to police , who were ` delighted ' . but yesterday afternoon detectives insisted they already had cctv footage , which they claim was recovered ` at the earliest opportunity ' .
samantha harris was one of the most prominent faces during mercedes-benz fashion week australia in sydney this week . the 24-year-old stunner at the biggest week on the country 's fashion calendar over the past two years is lauren feenstra .
ashy bines is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago . the debts , which were due last may , include income and tax , a fine and $ 295,955 worth of interest . ms bines and her husband steven evans have reportedly sold their shares in abbbc to platinum investment group .
benjamin carr , 22 , harboured a burning hatred of mother-of-five pennie davis . he ordered fellow drug dealer justin robertson , 36 , to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier . but carr was caught after the killer accidentally left his car keys beside her body and was forced to call a friend to pick him up from the isolated spot .
the fortress was built in 1393 and managed to repel all attacks by the invading mongolian armies . among the works being carried out at wanquan castle is the restoration of the fortress 's dilapidated outer wall . the restoration work will also include the ongoing protection of surviving structures .
robert downey jr has helped raise more than # 1million for a british hospice . the actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to los angeles . his offer was up for grabs via $ 10 -lrb- # 6.80 -rrb- raffle tickets and raised money for children 's hospice julia 's house .
the western lowland gorillas have been spotted roaming around the zoo 's congo gorilla forest exhibit with their mothers layla and kumi . the duo have been welcomed by the other 17 gorillas in the enclosure , including ernie , 32 , who is father to them both . but that has not stopped them from winning over crowds at the zoo as they explore their new home .
viktoria 's crestfallen reaction was captured on camera by her father . barles charkley posted the brief video to his facebook page on saturday . it has so far garnered more than four million views , to his page 's captioned : ` are you sad ? ' .
the jedis are all but extinct , the old republic is in turmoil and the threat of the death star is looming in ` rogue one ' . gareth edwards who directed godzilla debuted a tantalizing trailer to preview the mysterious film , which is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core ` star wars ' saga . set chronologically between the third and the fourth movies in the saga , the film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the death star
joe and anna greenwood stayed at camping la chappelle in argeles-sur-mer on france 's mediterranean coast . the children spent plenty of time in the pool , playing with the many new friends they made . but over the next 10 days we threw ourselves at the mercy of campsite life .
tasters at jacob 's creek sampled different types of wine with 10 of the nation 's most popular snacks and light bites . sauvignon blanc was found to be the perfect pairing for salted popcorn and a scotch egg goes down a treat with a drop of fiano .
the collision happened about 3pm on norfolk southern railway tracks near downtown meridian , according to lauderdale county coroner clayton cobler . the 57-year-old woman drove around functioning gates and flashers and collided with the southbound amtrak crescent . no one else was in the vehicle .
luke brett moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception in goulburn district court . the 27-year-old was able to overdraw $ 2.189 million over three years . moore moved the funds to paypal and national australia bank accounts .
tom richards , 25 , was arrested yesterday morning in swansea . he was held in a cell for 11 hours as police continue their investigation . comes after westbrook , 41 , made claims on social media that her younger lover had been violent towards her , posting a photograph of her bruised hand .
google is said to be in talks with hutchison whampoa , the owner of the three network , to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost . industry sources said the firms are discussing a ` wholesale access agreement ' that would help google create a global network . customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls , send texts and use data as part of their plan , regardless of where in the world they are .
boy , 12 , was walking in subway underneath major road in newbury , berkshire . two boys approached him , doused him in flammable wd40 before threatening to set him alight . victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment . police are now hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight .
the monkey interactes with a tour guide who squirts water at it from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down . as the monkey continues to approach , the man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk -- as if aware of what the monkey may do next .
cleveland browns quarterback johnny manziel was spotted at a texas rangers game tuesday night days after leaving rehab . he was joined by his girlfriend colleen crowley and sipped water throughout the game . this as offseason workouts with the team will begin next monday , april 20 .
paul monk , 54 , from essex , was wanted by spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of francis brennan . he was also wanted by the metropolitan police on drug offences and had been named on a list of fugitives published as part of operation captura campaign .
former prime minister john howard found himself standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre . felicity waterford was waiting for her daughter at the sydney conservatorium of music . the pair pulled off and into the conservatorium to change the tyre when ms waterford approached them . she said the driver had it all taken care of before the former pm agreed to a selfie .
cuomo is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the december announcement that the us and cuba would restore diplomatic relations . today , cuomo met with cuba 's top officials for u.s. relations along with executives from jetblue , mastercard , pfizer and other new york-based companies .
former atlanta public school educators , convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest u.s. test-cheating scandals . judge jerry baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests . he also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals . the sentencing will resume on tuesday .
nigel farage met hungarian ivan loncsarevity at a hinge factory in essex . mr farage was quick to insist he did not want to send eu migrants home . he wants an australian-style system to set targets for the level of skills needed for someone to come to britain in search of work .
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day . the 35-year-old from woolacombe in devon is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on thursday . if he is successful mr carr will beat the current record held by australian ultramarathon runner tom denn
the queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard at buckingham palace last week . he lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle . unfortunately for him , the entire incident was caught on a tourist 's camera .
actor believes controversial church is targeted ` because it 's not understood ' . words came in an interview with good morning america to promote his new thriller the forger about the world 's most infamous art plagiarist . but amid questions about the 61-year-old 's penchant for oil painting , interviewer amy robach brought up going clear .
filmmaker michael könig from cologne , germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity . it was made by stitching together footage from nasa 's solar dynamics observatory over five years . it uses footage recorded by spacecraft between 2011 and 2015 . other fantastic sections show bright , active regions on the sun 's surface as magnetic fields send it into turmoil .
british army fired approximately 10,000 rounds from their sa-80 assault rifles during the eight-year afghanistan conflict . each round cost approximately 50p , according to a freedom of information request by the daily mirror . soldiers went through an estimated # 5,000 worth of ammunition for their assault rifles every day .
environmental health were called to sutton arms , in elton , stockton . inspectors discovered evidence of rodent infestation in food storage area . two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis and six of them had clostridium perfringens - a common cause of food poisoning . owner michael alan flegg , 68 , pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences .
researchers in the us examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40 . half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast , lunch and dinner over 12 days , while the other half had drinks made with the artificial sweetener aspartame . the women were given a difficult maths test and then underwent mri scans to measure the response of their brains to stress .
ellia beasley loved the song so much she decided to have a tattoo on her belly in 2012 featuring the lyrics ` scream your heart out ' . but the aspiring model from new milton , hampshire , lived to regret her decision after the band 's lead singer was exposed as a serial paedophile and child abuser .
lord janner , 86 , was dpp between 2003 and 2008 . he was able to escape prosecution for eight years until the cps controversially announced earlier this week that he is now unfit to stand trial due to alzheimer 's . alison millar , head of the abuse team at law firm leigh day , is through a civil legal claim .
isis thugs use sledgehammers and ak-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues . in the slickly produced seven minute footage , jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues in the unesco world heritage city of hatra . militants also recorded cracking boulders into ancient city pillars , while eerie music plays in the background .
the clothing store , which carries us sizes 14 to 28 , has been applauded for the new campaign . writer amanda dobbins says lane bryant 's ads do n't show plus-size women of different proportions , but rather a subset of overweight women who still have ` correct ' proportions .
sergeant dan urman 's father eitan urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground , he slipped on the ice . as part of the planned surprise , eitan and his wife ronit , of scottsdale , arizona , had been invited to drop the puck before a coyotes game on saturday . but when it was announced there 'd be a special guest bringing them a ceremonial puck , the couple turned around to see
the amsterdam falafel shop in washington dc , us , is the first in the country with a pot-pairing menu that matches cannabis to food . owners arianne and scott bennett devised the rather sophisticated toppings best eaten when smoking different strains of marijuana . the menu includes julienne vegetables , salads and various dips .
joel parker , 33 , was about to get off the sunshine bus in st johns county , florida , on wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a snickers bar . when the driver declined the offering , parker threw the candy bar at his head instead , police said . the driver was not injured but called the police and parker was arrested for battery .
clorox has apologized for a social media misstep after the household products company sparked outrage by tweeting ` where 's the bleach ' in reference to last week 's introduction of new 'em oji ' cartoons for iphones . the maker of clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean . but the corporate twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing
joseph t. brennan jr. of norwell , massachusetts was arraigned from his hospital bed on monday , pleading not guilty to possession of an infernal device . this after authorities searched the residences following an incident on saturday night in which he accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette . the blast left the man with minor injuries and he was admitted to brigham and women 's hospital in boston .
joanne whitehouse , 44 , applied for her daughter alice to go to st john fisher 's rc primary school in middleton near rochdale as her only preference . her sons joel , nine , harri , seven , and ollie , six , already attend the school and she believed there would be ` no issue ' with her daughter gaining a place . but when the school allocations were revealed this morning she found out her youngest would have to go . ms whitehouse 's
web-based company homestay.com lists options for single people , couples and families in cities . at best , homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you understand their country or district . rent posh private apartments in some of the world 's most glamorous cities while the owners are out of town .
the wrinkle preventing pillowcase 's special blend of hydrophobic fibres are said to fight wrinkles like a face cream , redirecting moisture back into the skin . they say the machine washable silky pillowcase also helps skin stay smooth , thanks to its 22,000 densely woven micro-filaments .
dias costa , 49 , slashed the face , arms , and necks of the raiders . all of the men are currently in intensive care in hospital . the burglary took place in the cerro norte neighbourhood of cordoba . mr costa and his wife christina , 48 , were asleep when the men broke in .
woods ' children were n't around this time , though . and without them , ski champ vonn looked less like the beautiful stepmom and more like a girlfriend concerned for her struggling beau . vonn 's sympathy should come as no surprise , not only because she is girlfriend . she 's also come roaring back from her own terrible injuries .
mailonline travel guides you through the decades to find the best offerings from each era . airbnb rentals offers places that cater to interior decor of all tastes . the landgate cottage in rye demonstrates this to a tee , while the cottage in kendal features dark wood beamed ceilings and natural accents .
huw thomas suggested on an online forum in 2006 that england flags were for a ` simpleton ' or a ` casual racist ' . he posted his views on a welsh language website called mais e writing during the 2006 world cup : ' i agree it is totally sickening the number of english flags to be seen around wales ' .
julie andrews performed a tribute to the sound of music to mark its 50th anniversary . in los angeles there was a standing ovation when lady gaga came on stage at the oscars . each year , 300,000 people come to salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film .
viewers have slammed saturday night live for a controversial sketch that made light of a teacher raping her 16-year-old student . during the clip he refers to the attack by his teacher as ` the best day of my life ' - immediately sparking outrage on twitter . an attorney , portrayed by host taraji p. henson , asks the boy how long the illicit relationship lasted , to which daly replies : ` five glorious weeks m ` amm ' . he adds that he did n't
kirkwood community college 's outpost in rural iowa serves hundreds of students , including some who are still high school juniors and seniors . corey jones , a graphic design student , is among those chosen to question mrs. clinton in a roundtable setting on tuesday . ` she 's going to push some emotional thing on us , ' predicted student hallie corum in between classes .
jack andraka is just 18 , yet his newly-published memoir carries a blurb from barack obama . he was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban maryland with his elder brother , luke , and parents , jane , a nurse , and steve . the andrakas encouraged their boys to think about how the world worked : school runs were fiercely competitive as jack and luke tried to turn a microwave into a ray gun . at school , jack won prizes for
the tragic incident took place in princess anne - a community of 3,260 in somerset county , maryland . police said no foul play was suspected in the deaths . tynijuiza todd , 15 , and her 12-year-old sister tykira are believed to have perished in the carbon monoxide poisoning .
jack rowe was found face down in his family 's swimming pool last july . the three-year-old had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water . coroner ruled the death as accidental after hearing how he ` never went near ' the pool , according to relatives .
green party leader natalie bennett defended her ` vision of a fair economy ' . extra spending would see an extra # 6,600 for every taxpayer in the uk . child benefit doubled , tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 % . party also pledged to pump extra # 12billion a year into nhs from day one .
max is part corgi , part husky , and is looking for a new home in basildon , essex . he was found as a stray , little known about his life before being abandoned . the trust is in no doubt that the trend is partly due to fans wanting to follow the stars of game of thrones and twilight .
teasers for the itv programme show the duke and duchess of cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little ` common ' . the 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm . the plotline plays off newspaper headlines which dubbed his mother kate the commoner .
lisa and james tuttle moved with their five children to norfolk in 2005 . they thought their big house would be a peaceful and idyllic family home . but their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs marley and lily were shot after escaping on to their neighbour 's farmland where they were accused of killing his birds .
chris roberts , a computer security researcher , attempted to board a united flight from colorado to san francisco to speak at a major security conference there this week . the researcher was stopped by the airline 's corporate security at the gate . he was questioned for four hours after jokingly suggesting on twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy .
a video posted on social media site vine shows the girl surrounded by her fellow festival goers at texas-based country music festival chilifest last weekend . seconds after the college student shows a clenched fist - or a ` rock ' - to the three officers , one of whom chose ` scissors ' as his option . the crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration while the victor is left completely speechless with relief .
robert gentile , 78 , appeared in federal court in hartford , . connecticut , on friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent . his attorney , ryan mcguigan , contended federal bureau of . investigation agents really want to see what gentile knows about the . theft of $ 500million in artwork from boston 's isabel stewart . gardner museum 25 years ago .
one in ten of us will develop a kidney stone , and the numbers are rising . they are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys , which eventually build up into a solid lump . renal colic is caused by the stone blocking the ureter , the narrow tube that carries urine from the kidney to the bladder .
union barons handed ed miliband more than # 1.6 million in the week to april 5 , with 84 per cent coming from just three trade unions . conservative donations totalled just over # 500,000 in the first week of the campaign , with about a quarter coming from donors with links to hedge funds .
emma walker slipped into a dangerous cycle , her weight plummeting in a matter of months . within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone . mother kim waddington said she wants to help other anorexia sufferers . she is now a healthier eight stone .
all nippon airways is set to unveil its latest livery in honour of the star wars films . the small round robot appears in every episode with his multi-lingual sidekick c-3po . the cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels in the shape of those on the little droid .
dr dorin scladan removed the 11lb -lrb- 5kg -rrb- growth from the woman . madalina neagu , 42 , arrived at a hospital in with severe pain in her abdomen . medics at botosani county hospital prepared to operate to deliver the child . but after carrying out tests , they were shocked to discover she was n't pregnant at all .
rodney stover , 48 , was arraigned on thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday 's attack in the bathroom at the turnmill bar on east 27th street . stover allegedly grabbed the victim , a long island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar . when the 23-year-old victim had entered the bar at about 7.50 pm on saturday , her attacker , thought to be
the 22-year-old , cao yu , held off the man in a public square in guizhou province in southwestern china earlier this month . the man was holding two knives , stabbed her in the shoulder and right hand after she confronted him while on patrol . the young policewoman , who was found ` bleeding all over ' , is now recovering in hospital after the horrific incident .
the thief entered a branch of lloyds bank in new milton , hampshire . threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over money . then fled from the station road bank with a ` significant ' amount of cash . police say a 56-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of robbery .
army-veteran william snyder , 34 , has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering following the discovery of his wife 's body on saturday . she was last seen alive on easter sunday . she has admitted moving the body from their home and also having fabricated a ransom note seeking $ 60,000 for his safe return .
nic newling , 28 , killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses , which helped put his life back into perspective . the mental health advocate struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18 . he was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication before finally being diagnosed with bipolar disorder . nic said the time he was eight years old , he had planned his whole life out in his mind with the intention of becoming a vet
meet byron schlenker and his teenage daughter who both hold records for having the world 's widest tongue . byron 's buds measure a whopping 8.6 cm across - the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iphone 6 . his daughter emily , 14 , is not far behind at 7.3 cm and hold 's the record for the widest female tongue while her father has the men 's crown .
police launched hunt after five-year-old was taken from southampton general hospital by his parents last august so he could be treated abroad . couple were found in spain but released without charge . freedom of information request revealed staff and officers claimed # 12,712.97 in overtime over six days .
gaioz nigalidze , the current georgian champion , was expelled from the dubai open chess tournament when he was found using his phone in the middle of a match . the two-time national champion was exposed when his opponent lodged a complaint when he grew suspicious about his frequent trips to the lavatory .
gordon jack , 47 , was taken to hospital when emergency services were called . he collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of andy murray 's wedding . mr jack , a father-of-three , collapsed while taking pictures of the event . first minister nicola sturgeon sent her condolences to the wife and children .
jim ratcliffe wants to build a futuristic beach house on a site he owns overlooking the solent . the 62-year-old businessman who is based in switzerland claims the new house , if built , will be his only uk residence . the high-tech planned mansion will be virtually ` carbon-zero ' and uses renewable energy such as solar power .
campaign group collective shout has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan ` wunderbra ' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins . the same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption ` make mein a dubbel ' . collective shout claim the advertisements reinforces sexual objectification .
many britons have given up on their dream of owning a home amid high house prices and poor pay rises , a study shows . it found that just four in 10 renters -lrb- 43 per cent -rrb- aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home , compared to almost half a year ago . according to research from halifax , three-quarters of uk renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house .
ryan giroux , 41 , pleaded not guilty to one count of first-degree murder and 22 other charges at a hearing at the maricopa county superior court on monday . he has convictions in three states totally more than eight years for burglary , theft , armed aggravated assault and a marijuana violation . giroux is reported to be a member of the hammerskin nation , a notoriously violent racist skinhead group connected with the aryan brotherhood .
matheryn naovaratpong , from thailand , is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved . doctors diagnosed her with ependymoblastoma , a rare form of brain cancer that afflicts the very young . the disease has a five-year survival rate of 30 per cent .
kejonuma leisure land , in tohoku , japan , attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors per year from around the country . with an amusement park , campsite and driving range , the once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors officially in 2000 following a drop in visitors .
cook county judge dennis porter , cleared 46-year-old officer dante servin in the march 2012 shooting death of rekia boyd , 22 . moments before he announced the verdict on monday , he asked loved ones who might be prone to outbursts to leave the courtroom , fearing there would be an emotionally-charged response . the victim 's brother martinez sutton then screamed : ` you want me to be quiet ? this m ***** f ***** killed my
skiathos is known as the film location for mamma mia ! and i had feared there might be endless reminders of the day when meryl streep 's donna found love . with no airport , most people fly to skiathos , followed by an hour 's ferry ride .
teresa sheldon , 38 , charged with murdering son tommy and attempted murder of another child . tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in hursley , hampshire . two passers-by spotted the blazing hatchback and rushed to help when they spotted the little boy still inside the car .
an upcoming documentary describes yelp as the internet 's equivalent to the mafia , and the publicly-traded company is doing everything in its power to discredit the film before it is released . filmmaker kaylie milliken is the filmmaker behind billion dollar bully . milliken says she 's already interviewed several small businesses who believe they 've been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise . ` businesses feel extorted , ' milliken said .
the brief cellphone clip came to light as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the march attack in panama city beach . so far , authorities have arrested a pair of students from alabama 's troy university who were allegedly seen in a cellphone video last month sexually assaulting a 19-year-old girl on a crowded beach . sheriff frank mckeithen described the graphic video as the ` most disgusting , sickening thing ' he had ever seen .
the health department continues to investigate how 34 people in six states contracted the hepatitis a virus , all of whom consumed the same brand of frozen mixed berries . patties foods said no hepatitis a or e.coli were detected in any sample of its recalled and non-recalled nanna 's mixed berries 1kg product during its own testing .
the reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup , jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up . countless teens , both boys and girls , have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on twitter and instagram . surprisingly , given the sheer number of teens attempting the feat , it appears the results are far from desirable .
samantha barzanchi , the head of the arbil health department , said saturday that two ethnically kurdish turks were killed and eight wounded . the last major attack was a suicide car bombing near the us consulate in arbil in november . islamic state also claimed responsibility for two car bombings in baghdad that killed at least 27 people on friday .
dr oz , 54 , is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons . the harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty in 1993 . the doctors sent the letter to lee goldman , the dean of health sciences and medicine . he said : ` he 's a quack and a fake and a charlatan ' .
riley filmer , 14 , turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term at mcclelland college , in melbourne 's south-east . the secondary school 's policy outlined in the 2015 personal learning journal states girls are to wear ` black leather lace-up school shoes ' for both summer and winter uniforms . ms parker claims her daughter needed a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs .
the product , phynova joint and muscle relief , contains sigesbeckia , a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis . before having hip replacements for arthritis he used another herb , devil 's claw , as a remedy for joint pain . dr mike dixon , a gp in cullompton , devon , says he is a ` fan ' of herbal medicines because they are ` safe , help to encourage self-care by patients ' .
two-thirds of new uk fathers are now over 30 , researchers say . this increases the risk of epilepsy , autism and breast cancer . men aged over 35 had a 50 % lower chance of conceiving over a 12-month period than men 25 and under , even after taking into account the age of the would-be mother .
police are investigating the theft of about $ 70,000 worth of bull semen from a farm in southern minnesota . the canister was worth about $ 500 , and the vials of semen were worth from $ 300 to $ 1,500 apiece . the theft happened sometime between april 1 and april 7 .
moya gerber , 24 , was travelling in her vehicle through kruger national park , south africa . she spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a cape buffalo . after a few moments the buffalo managed to escape being eaten by the lions . ms odendaal , who is a teacher at laerskool lothair , uploaded pictures to instagram .
mark gentle , from farmington , maine , found his son carter sobbing because he thought that the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery was ` ugly ' . the concerned dad posted a snapshot of the little boy 's chest to his facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support . mark , who only expected likes and comments from his friends , told today that he and his wife sarah were amazed when the photo received 200,000 likes .
joseph koetters , a former english teacher at the hancock park school in los angeles , is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student . the lawsuit alleges that when koetter was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year old student , which began in the 2000-2001 school year . the former teacher was arrested in february and charged with two counts of oral copulation of
former us spy also acknowledged there had been a ` f *** - up ' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against al qaeda . but in an outburst of arrogance , snowden said such potentially catastrophic blunders were a ` fundamental ' price of liberty .
the driver , sam smith , begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him . he feels trapped because he ca n't make out which direction it 's moving in so does n't know how to escape . mr smith says the truck felt like it was going to lift off the ground .
tesco operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses . but after a disastrous year new chief executive dave lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale . four have been sold and the final one , a hawker 800 , will be gone by the end of next month .
sam holtz , a 12-year-old sixth grader from lake zurich , illinois , beat out 11.5 million entries to win the annual espn tournament challenge on monday . this as he selected duke to win ncaa title game , which they did by overcoming the favorite wisconsin badgers 68 -lrb- 63 -rrb- . for that prize , sam would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18
governor of the bank of england mark carney was spotted on a day off from helping to run the economy jogging in london 's hyde park . the keen runner was wearing a nathan speed 4 fuel belt , which also features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs .
the datai hotel in malaysia has all the colour and wonder of the emerald city . it was given world geopark status by unesco in 2007 . the hotel is 20 miles off the coast of the andaman sea , 20 miles from the malaysian coast . it is an archipelago of 104 islands .
ayyan ali , 21 , charged with attempting to illegally transport more than $ 10,000 cash limit out of pakistan on march 14 . she was last seen in public wearing an ` uncharacteristic ' black burka outside court as a horde of fellow models gathered nearby . ali has been in a rawalpindi prison since .
denise van outen is the latest big name to sign for eastenders . the actress is to play max branning 's new love interest , carin smart . mum-of-one denise admitted that she 'd previously turned down offers from the soap , firstly because of other work commitments and then because she was a new mum .
the crisis in a&e has led some people to blame a lack of gp appointments . since the summer of 2013 , a number of gp surgeries in london have been piloting seven-day opening , as part of the challenge fund initiative - funding for which was recently increased from # 50 million to # 100 million .
gaston pinsard , 96 , was sentenced to 18 months behind bars . he admitted carrying out the assaults more than 50 years ago . judge branded the historic case ` distressing ' and ` unpleasant ' . pinsard joined the army after leaving haut de la garenne , guernsey .
michael slager , 33 , is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in charleston county jail without the entire cell block being cleared first , according to his lawyer . on friday , his wife jamie , who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant , and his mother karen sharpe were allowed to speak to him . on tuesday , slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old walter scott last weekend .
the announcement was made on the company 's blog by microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations , mary ellen smith . the positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington and the program will be run in partnership with specialisterne , a danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in it .
christopher annan , 24 , and tyrone wright , 20 , took part in gun attack . victim , 35 , was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 december 2012 . hitman jamie marsh-smith , 23 , a fearsome hired gun who had earned nickname ` freddy ' after the nightmare on elm street character .
yulia simonova , 52 , wanted to hire a hitman to torture and kill damian vanya , 15 . she asked a friend to find someone willing to torture or kill him . but police set up a sting operation after he dumped her for a classmate . one of their undercover officers filmed the exchange , where she said she wanted the boy to slowly bleed to death before she ` finished ' him .
mark lippert , 42 , suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist kim ki-jong at a breakfast function in central seoul last month . the envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery .
scientists at the shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the hands , which are each governed by 24 motors , 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors . the arms can chop , stir , whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat , whether it is a simple home-cooked supper , or an elaborate concoction designed by a world-class chef .
the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the concrete jungle on thursday . the british royal , who is currently working in new york , showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black bowler hat , black leather top and a black cream miniskirt .
london mayor warns against allowing nicola sturgeon 's snp to dominate uk . likened it to ` asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner ' . snp leader vowed to use surge in support for her party to dictate direction . polls suggest up to half of scots are planning to vote snp .
four children were playing in and around a parked minivan saturday evening when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside . two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help . the other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out . no criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire .
lauren halliday and steven smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the randolph hotel . the ceremony went ahead at st edmund hall in the city . eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel , which featured in tv 's inspector morse .
sisonke msimang , 41 , moved to australia with her husband and children in the last few months . she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights , race relations and government accountability in south africa . but upon relocating she said she 's been faced with the realisation , that much like her native south african population : ` the deepest and most abiding forms of racism ' .
hillary clinton 's now-iconic scooby doo van made an appearance in council bluffs , iowa on thursday for a closed-door meeting with state democratic party officials . footage broadcast by ketv-7 in the nearby city of omaha , nebraska , showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe , greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle . the secret service typically does not comment on security arrangements for dignit
kit harington plays the character jon snow on the hbo programme . the 28-year-old londoner joked to host seth myers that belfast is ` wonderful for two or three days ' and emphasized that he has spent five years filming in the city . tourism bosses have leveraged the show 's popularity to draw visitors .
laura scurr , 15 , from whitley bay , was left on a heart machine after she collapsed through starvation but has now spoken out about the pressures on young girls to be a size zero . she became so obsessed with having the perfect figure she would hide food down the side of her bed , lying to her mother about eating and sometimes surviving on just a piece of fruit a day .
the manhattan district attorney concluded a criminal charge against harvey weinstein is ` not supported ' . italian model ambra battilana , 22 , told police the hollywood producer groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca film center office in manhattan on march 27 .
sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' . the family of one suspect said they were last year told to stop their son communicating with the extremist recruiter , who groomed melbourne terrorist numan haider . police said the threat was ` fully contained ' .
the 20lb lamb is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him , all weighing the average weight of 8-10lbs . ben is n't the biggest lamb ever born in this country but jean morris from the farm said big ben was comfortably the biggest they have ever delivered .
vladimir putin gave the go-ahead for the deal , with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the s-300 missile equipment ` promptly ' . the move is likely to anger both the u.s. and israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers .
nathan dailo , from sydney , uploaded a video to his youtube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son seth to drift off in just 42 seconds . the clip that has now received almost 26,000 views sees the father gliding a piece of white tissue paper over his son 's face repeatedly until he nods off .
the long-necked dinosaur was one of the largest animals to ever walk the earth with its legacy captivating children 's imaginations the world over . but despite the ` thunder lizard ' being deep rooted in popular culture , for more than a century scientists have believed the infamous dinosaur never existed . the researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout europe and us . instead of the traditional method of plotting how similar each species is to the others , they instead used a
scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon posed with a rather sceptical face , and mr miliband superimposed over london rapper plan b . this is thought to reference how the labour leader posed a direct message to the prime minister , saying : ` david , if you think this election is about leadership , then debate me one-on-one ' .
the london trial of olaparib was led by researchers at the institute of cancer research and the royal marsden hospital . they found 16 out of 49 men with advanced prostate cancer responded to the drug , also known as lynparza . it stopped prostate cancer growth , generating lower tumour cell counts in the blood and improved responses in medical scans .
malcolm brabant spent two years in and out of mental institutions after a yellow fever vaccine . he was warned the possible side-effects could be dizzy spells and a headache . yet within 24 hours of having the jab , malcolm had been reduced to a sweating wreck , gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks and a spell in hospital .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world . the same jury that convicted tsarnaev will hear testimony on . whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for . his crimes , starting next tuesday , the day after the 2015 . marathon takes place .
jordan speith is in prime position to win the masters at augusta . the 21-year-old has begun the last day of the hallowed tournament after setting a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par . he is playing alongside british contender justin rose in the final round .
nicola sturgeon refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years . opponents claim she had ` broken a promise the size of ben nevis ' . but she today left the door open to a second referendum on scottish independence . she said : ` we have always said it 's a once in a generation thing ' .
bbc bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their tvs , and are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem . but revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee , because viewers are currently able to use the bbc 's online services without paying for them .
the queen , 88 , was spotted trotting through windsor great park aboard her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma . joined by a groom on another of her fell ponies , the queen cut a relaxed figure as she enjoyed her ride but as is her wont , eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves .
hillary clinton claimed on wednesday that all of her grandparents ` came over ' from other countries , but only one was born outside the us . clinton made the statment to underscore her support for changing the status of milions of illegal immigrants . both of clinton 's maternal grandparents , named della howell and edwin howell , were born in illinois .
edward snowden is being ` exploited ' under a deal he made with the russians to guarantee him asylum , a leading spy analyst has claimed . andrei soldatov , who runs a website which is an online watchdog of mr putin 's intelligence agencies , accused the former us spy of not being ` transparent ' and said he was being ` secretive ' .
hodor hodor is the brawny , simple-minded stableboy of the stark family in winterfell . his defining characteristic , of course , is that he only speaks a single word : ` hodor ' over and over again . he may have expressive aphasia , according to jordan lewis , of penn state medical school .
jeremy clarkson was guest of honour at charity auction in cotswolds . he joked he was ` trawling the job centre ' for hosting job when he spotted opening . hundreds of fans paid # 15 a ticket to watch former top gear presenter oversee auction . he was accused of punching producer oisin tymon following day 's filming .
seven-night game of thrones is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series . the programme has already filmed in some of the most picturesque places around the world . with most of the upcoming series shot in southern spain , travel referral service zicasso is looking to attract all die-hard fans .
pierre fulton was in the passenger seat when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken tail light . when scott fled , fulton and another officer stood by the mercedes watching in shock as slager chased him into a park and shot him dead . now , slager faces murder charges and national scrutiny .
ellie grant , 22 , was appearing on itv 's this morning to discuss how she suddenly developed the condition - and how she had found love with fiance jordan . pair hit the headlines earlier this year after being labelled the perfect match because whenever she becomes rowdy , he simply switches off his hearing aid .
kylie jenner is the youngest member of the kardashian-jenner clan . she has been one of the biggest tween stars with a ticket to every a-list event in town . kylie 's exact dress is still up for grabs at nordstrom for $ 315 .
the archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great british adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness . some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of scott and the polar party of edward wilson .
the baby-faced boy from memphis , tennessee , poses with guns , cash , and bags of what looks like marijuana . in many pictures he laughs and points the gun at the camera in an apparent attempt to look menacing - as adults laugh in the background . the child 's tweets have prompted backlash from other twitter users and members of the community .
students at wellington college , in berkshire , spent the last year studying a different classic book for their imminent as-level exam . the mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text . sources close to the school said students were left devastated by the blunder .
the rainbow caves are found near the mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles -lrb- 72km -rrb- south of the regional capital of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky . photographer denis budkov , 35 , trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment . he also decided to add his own take - by lighting flares and breathing fire to turn the normally blue hues into dark reds .
the billionaire founder of amazon was seen snapping away at stalls in the marketplace using both his amazon phone and camera . bezos , who is worth $ 34.7 billion from his online marketplace , blended in with the throngs of tourists at the campo de ' fiori on tuesday .
raymond lee fryberg jr. was arraigned in seattle on thursday , nearly six months after his son jaylen fryberg killed four students at marysville pilchuck high school . fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a beretta pistol in january 2013 . according to the criminal complaint , the order was against him in tulalip tribal court in 2002 by a girlfriend
jesse norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election . west mercia police said it was investigating reports of a breach of the representation of the people act 1983 , which bans election candidates from providing food , drink or entertainment . detectives are expected to speak to mr norman after he was photographed with trays of baked goods on april 2 .
the justice department said tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of freddie gray , 25 . baltimore police officials , meanwhile , released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old . the protets erupted just as the justice department announced it had launched an investigation in the mysterious death .
visitors are being invited to book a trip to russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the siberian tiger , one of the world 's most endangered animals . the trip to durminskoye reserve in khabarovsk lasts seven days in total with guests spending time in the wild environs .
asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , and their sons essa , four , zakariva , two , and yahya , one , were caught on camera on a cross-channel ferry . they left their home in slough , berkshire , without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members . police say mr malik had told his family he wanted to ` go and live in a muslim country ' and the family left
hillary clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the white house : the nation 's largest lesbian political action committee . lesbians4hillary , co-chaired by pioneering tennis great billie jean king , said ` hillary clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion ' .
the south african , whose announcement as jon stewart 's replacement surprized many last month , was spotted taking in a baseball game in new york on monday . the quartet were all present at citi field along with jerry seinfeld , larry david and broadway star matthew broadrick .
sean heslop , 47 , was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust after claims about the affair came to light last month . family member claimed he was ` the happiest he 's ever been ' as he was looking forward to becoming a father this summer . the former pupil became pregnant at the end of last year after leaving school and starting at a london university .
cheryl heineman , 45 , was arrested wednesday at central avenue elementary school in kissimmee , florida . her suspected accomplice and lover , 20-year-old jack lindsey , is facing the same charges . the arrests came at the conclusion of a six-week investigation that was launched in early march .
lenny mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint on a flight to new hampshire on thursday because he fell asleep and was snoring . the woman , dubbed ` psycho pen lady ' by another passenger , was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight out of chicago .
two prototypes of the cyg-11 seaplane were tested over the sea off the coast of haikou in hainan province in china . the aircraft uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide . the vehicles takes advantage of an aerodynamic phenomenon known as the wing-of-ground phenomenon - where lift is increased and drag decreased when an aircraft 's wings are close to the ground .
in an interview with town & country magazine , the 68-year-old said he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning . ` i 've told hillary that i do n't think i 'm good -lsb- at campaigning -rsb- anymore because i ca n't be mad at anybody , ' he said . the clintons had long spoken of their desire to have a grandchild - a dream which came true last year when their daughter chelsea gave
elon musk tweeted : ` ascent successful . dragon enroute to space station . rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival ' . the impact of landing , however , caused it to tip over . spacex said it will post a video in the next few days , but images tweeted by musk reveal that the booster landed successfully .
niamh geaney , 26 , and karen branigan , 29 , discovered they looked so alike that they could be identical twins earlier this week . but the irish pair are n't the only unrelated twosome to boast real life doppelgängers - and the celebrity world is no exception . whether actresses liz hurley , 49 , and jacqueline bissett , 70 , or model david gandy , 35 , there 's no shortage of hollywood
children at horace mitchell primary school in kittery point were read i am jazz , a book about a child ` with a boy 's body and a girl 's brain ' . some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans .
the five women - li tingting , 26 , wang man , 32 , zheng churan , 25 , and wu rongrong , 30 - were arrested the weekend before international women 's day . they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport . the vague charge of ` provoking trouble ' has been increasingly used by chinese police under president xi jinping .
three studies have provided different theories for what happened after earth was struck by a mars-sized object called theia , 4.45 billion years ago . this is known as the giant impact hypothesis , and the other favouring the ` shower of debris ' model . in the latter theory , a team of scientists at the university of maryland said the impact of theia with earth was so violent , the resulting debris cloud mixed thoroughly before settling down and forming the moon . but one mystery has persisted ,
families with one parent earning # 50,000 would pay tax on child benefit . earners over # 60,000 lost out altogether when coalition announced . measure brought in two and a half years ago as part of government 's austerity programme . conservatives say they would cut # 30billion of spending if they win a second term .
jcno jeans , popular at nineties raves , are threatening to make a comeback . the bucket hat is characterised by its wide , downwards sloping brim and limp structure . originally a staple of fishermen and farmers , it soon found its way into popular culture and temporarily dominated the music scene .
at least six men were arrested in california and minnesota by the fbi on sunday after a joint terrorism task force investigation into youths traveling to join isis . a spokesman for the us attorney 's office said the arrests were made in minneapolis and san diego but there is no threat to public safety . spokesman ben petok did not give details about the charges and said more information would be released on monday .
family of britain 's iraq war dead expressed their disgust last night . publication of sir john chilcot 's inquiry had already been pushed back . bereaved parents said they were disgusted that their suffering was being dragged out to give leading figures in the inquiry , like tony blair .
lizzie cochran , a pre-med student at columbia university , has launched a kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs . the designs include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns , a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio , muscle cells and rabies .
the homes and residences of colonel muammar gaddafi have been reduced to rubble . the once feared bab al-aziziya compound , situated in the capital city of tripoli , resembles a wasteland . during his rule , libyans would be nervous just walking anywhere near the fortress-like seat of the gaddafi regime .
us ambassador for poland apologises for comments made by fbi director . james coney claimed poland shares responsibility for holocaust with germany . piece sparked outrage among polish politicians and media . comey 's april 16 opinion piece said poland played role in nazi genocide .
the six , whom authorities described as friends who met secretly to plan their travels , are accused of conspiracy to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . the complaint says the men planned to reach syria by flying to nearby countries from minneapolis , san diego or new york city , and lied to federal investigators when they were stopped .
dashcam footage has emerged of cars enveloped by a raging wildfire on a road in eastern siberia . at the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero , then intense blue flames emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash . moments later a jeep races past on the right with the back of its roof on fire , the situation far too hazardous to the driver . the initial cost of the damage caused by the wildfires has been put at around $ 96million -lr
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , managed to hitch a ride from a woman to florida after his motorbike broke down , police said on wednesday . the woman did n't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $ 500 , the report by volusia county beach safety officers said . among his self-administered tattoos are the word ` brotherhood ' on his left cheek which is linked to neo-nazis .
the threat against flight 826 from cologne bonn to milan 's malpensa airport was received on sunday evening . the tower in cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the airbus a320 , which was taxiing toward the runway at the time . instead of taking off the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport where passengers and crew were evacuated .
sophie ryan-palmer , 12 , fabian bates , nine , and chloe balloqui , three , are patients at great ormond street hospital , london , the leading british centre for treatment of child cancers . immunotherapy involves powerful drugs being given to kill off all a patient 's cancer cells and destroy their bone marrow .
lorna mccarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death . she sent a series of messages to friends and family on september 27 . one to her daughter saying she did n't know ` what he is capable of these days ' . she urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day - but it was never received .
douglas mark hughes , 61 , created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in washington . hughes steered his one-person gyrocopter onto the west lawn of the us capitol on wednesday , april 15 , 2015 .
lix bussey , 23 , from durham was hit by a car as the pair made their way back to their hotel after a night out . she was a teacher at bowburn infants school , bowburn , county durham , and had studied at northumbria university before securing her first job in teaching . her family said she was devoted to the children she taught and that they have been left devastated by her death .
three men are filmed catching a bronzer shark in new zealand . they drag the creature in to shore and then pose for photos with the creature . one of the man stands at the water 's edge with a fishing line in his hands . the first fisherman is dragged deep into the water within seconds .
the agreement was announced on tuesday by a judge in an orlando , florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided . lolita grayson 's attorney refused to comment after the hearing . she had claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990 .
coleen rooney and nadine coyle have joined forces with cancer research for race for life . the ladies ditch their usual sharply-dressed style for a game of thrones-style makeover - complete with flowing tresses and defiant stares . the race raises money that goes towards research into over 200 types of cancer affecting both men and women .
politicians are criss-crossing the country wooing voters ahead of the election in 27 days ' time . more than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted , according to new analysis of safe seats . of 303 tory seats , 186 are considered safe , compared to 10 per cent in scotland , where the snp is expected to make sweeping gains .
the prevention of terrorism act passed in kuala lumpur yesterday . it officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial . but it also allows for the authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire - something that will be decided by a government-appointed terrorism board .
jobless total fell by 76,000 to 1.84 million in the quarter to february . office for national statistics said more than 31 million people were in work . ed miliband and nicola sturgeon clashed in tv debate last night . cameron said recovery would be ` put at risk ' by a ` stitch-up ' .
a 28-year-old australian rebel fighter has been showing off his new pet on social media . the photo shows a beautiful young tiger cub in the hands of a freelance rebel fighter , known as ahmed shaheed . the fighter did n't confirm that he had bought the tiger cub from a small village , near the syrian city of aleppo , where he has recently been based .
three 's feel at home covers 18 destinations in europe , australia , the united states , asia and the middle east . it also covers france , italy , austria , switzerland , ireland , denmark , norway , sweden and finland . it now applies in 18 countries .
royal mint announced it will mark the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of prince george in 2013 . silver coin will be minted with the one penny 's royal shield design and the new effigy of the queen , which was unveiled in march .
lord janner signed letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges . crown prosecution service has faced widespread criticism since announcing last week that janner would escape prosecution over child sex allegations . but now it has emerged that the peer was apparently well enough to sign his name in april 9 note to lords authorities .
sam pearce , 24 , of milton , massachusetts , initially came to new york city to peruse a career in education , and soon after arriving in the big apple he landed a job teaching english to eighth graders in brooklyn . but just a few months after landing the job , the green-eyed brown university graduate was ` discovered ' on the subway by another model .
a 22-year-old marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 mdma tablets . police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the venue . around 6000 people attended the all-night rave which ran from 10pm on saturday until 6am the next morning . a 23-year old peakhurst man was also taken into custody after he was allegedly located with over $ 2500 cash on his person .
google claims the latest update to its android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts . it even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send . google says its handwriting recognition works by ` building on large-scale language modeling , robust multi-language ocr , and approximate nearest neighbour search for character classification ' .
experts believe the molalla log cabin was constructed as early as 1795 - a decade before lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean . the cabin 's intricate construction is not consistent with pioneer building methods , suggesting it was instead made by foreigners . the way the logs are tightly interwoven , secured without nails and leaving no gaps to fill , is similar to russian log cabins of the same time period .
sugar or sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants . as a result are anti-inflammation , boosted sleep and improved sports recovery . reports have suggested that an increased intake of tart cherries could help to reduce certain post-workout side-effects , such as muscle aches , inflammation and weakness .
arthur and mo kreitenberg have created a robot , called the germfalcon . it uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin . the seats , tray tables and blankets on an aeroplane are breeding ground for bacteria including e.coli and mrsa . there are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned .
jennifer pagonis , 29 , from chicago has androgen insensitivity syndrome -lrb- ais -rrb- , a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000 which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen . the brunette - who currently works for a non-profit addressing the legal rights of intersex individuals - immediately phoned her mother to discuss her suspicions . two decades ago , there was little information about ais and pagon
captain robert lewis wrote a letter following the bombing in which he recounts : ` my god , what have we done ? how many did we kill ? ' . collection also includes a hand-drawn diagram , the pilot of the plane that bombed hiroshima was told to arrive at 30,000 ft , drop the payload two miles short of the city . previously unseen documents used to plan the dropping of the world 's first atomic bomb on japan on august 6 , 1945
mailonline travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist and answer some of travellers ' frequently asked questions about planes . starting a plane is ` a little more complicated ' than starting a car , said captain piers applegarth , a representative of the british airline pilots association . flight attendants eat the same meals that are provided to passengers if the airline bothers to feed them at all . to reduce the risk of food poisoning , the captain and co-pilot usually
the official number was issued to hernandez as he started the rest of his life in jail , at cedar junction state prison in massachusetts . he is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations . sources said the brute , found guilty of murdering odin lloyd , was using the dangerous drug for at least a year before the victim was shot dead .
former marine jesse kidder was in a patrol car chasing michael wilcox . the 27-year-old accused killer then started sprinting towards kidder . the officer had been warned by dispatchers before he arrived at the scene . kidder surrendered and lay on the ground with his hands outstretched .
sharon winters was searching for her soulmate online when she met kevin hawke on an online dating site . the 33-year-old stabbed her in the liver , spleen , lungs and heart with a four-and-a-half inch knife . hawke was jailed for 17 and a half years after he admitted the murder in july last year .
sophia adams , 21 , has beaten 1,000 other hopefuls to land a modelling contract with london agency bridge models . the trainee police officer will be joining the brand 's curvy line-up and starring in their spring/summer 2016 catalogue shot in the mediterranean .
almost all family doctors polled said they do not think their own practice should open on weekends . the government has tried to encourage gps to offer out-of-hours appointments through a scheme known as the prime minister 's challenge fund . among 34 practices taking part in the scheme in central london , the number of patients going to a&e dropped by between 8 and 10 per cent .
the internals reveal samsung used more of its own chips to power the new galaxy s6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor s5 . samsung is not only using its own exynos mobile processor , as had been widely reported , but also decided to rely on its in-house semiconductor business to source other parts .
the two-storey brick hospital outpatient building in zhengzhou , central china , is being rolled every day on giant metal ` wheels ' . the large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and requires more than 1,000 wheels to make the daily ` walk ' possible . engineers aim to ` push ' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new , designated spot , away from the demolition zone .
nicholas dematteis , 39 , flew into the rage while at restaurant bocca east . he demanded a free meal around 4pm after waiting an hour and a half for his omelette . he then allegedly grabbed the manager 's neck and hurled him into an elderly woman who was standing on the street .
the reigning box office champion might have slowed from its blockbuster debut , but furious 7 maintained first place for the third weekend in a row with an estimated $ 29.1 million . this brings the fast car sequel 's domestic total to a staggering $ 294 million , well above the $ 202.8 million that fast & furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013 .
ukip leader nigel farage said it was a ` reasonable proposition ' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking . he also revealed he is finding the election campaign ` knackering ' . david cameron has urged ukip supporters to ` come home ' to the tories .
eating peanut kernels without their skins can improve gut health and the ability to ward off bugs like e.coli , according to research by the university of maryland . flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of lactobacillus rhamnosus , the type of friendly bacteria more commonly associated with yoghurt drinks .
the woman , who calls herself zhu diandian online , has raised her beloved five flowers since it was a piglet and the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs -lrb- 13st -rrb- . but that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two , with ms zhu posting pictures of them snuggled up in bed together .
t-shirt with built-in spf religiously slathering on sun cream on a hot day can be a time consuming process , but lifestyle guru gwyneth paltrow has an answer . the swim tee by land 's end provides upf 50 sun protection and the fabric is supported by the skin cancer foundation .
the story of katherine of alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades . it features steven berkoff , edward fox , joss ackland and nicole keniheart alongside o'toole . director michael redwood said peter was not the type to let illness interrupt his career .
the worst weather in five years continues to whip nsw , some savvy social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures . from a boat parked between two cars by someone who ` knew what was coming ' to a man making the most of the wind by using his umbrella as a sail while he skateboards down the street , sydneysiders are still managing to see the funny side of the storm . snapchat 's sydney story also shows the soaking conditions endured by
customers who buy one of the products before the #snackholidays promotion ends on april 21 will find a voucher code that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within europe . the products are being sold at participating carrefour city shops , in selecta vending machines , and at an mk2 cinema in paris . once customers enter a code on snackholidays.com they can book one-way flights to barcelona , lisbon or dub
researchers found people enjoyed their wine more while listening to ` paired ' music , rather than while being sat in silence . intensity of nessun dorma , performed by luciano pavarotti , is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee . meanwhile , the high-pitched piano in billie holiday 's autumn in new york can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding .
the san francisco property was teeming with black widows , rats , feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on april 4 . just a week after removing the rodents , realtors have priced this property at a cool $ 2.5 million . the 1904 victorian build in bay area will be sold at a live auction by tim hawko of zephyr real estate .
manjinder virk will play pathologist dr kam karimore in the itv police drama . in 2011 , executive producer brian true-may described the show as the ` last bastion of englishness ' because it had no black or asian characters . midsomer murders began in 1997 and is watched by more than 6million viewers a week .
joseph o'riordan was sitting on polegate town council in east sussex . he grew suspicious his wife , amanda , was having an affair and hired a private investigator to follow her . the couple had been married for ten years when he discovered his wife was in a relationship with a man named in court as nicholas gunn .
journalist sabrina rubin erdely has been silent since december , when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the wake of several factual errors . in the story , jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity phi kappa psi two years ago . but a recent investigation by the charlottesville police found no evidence to support her story - including the fact that the man who brought her to the fraternity the night of the alleged incident does n't seem
colby ramos-francis was born with a small , heart-shaped growth over his eyelid . but it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand . his parents claim nhs doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery , leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad .
noor ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband , businessman robert ellis at their home in bali last october . his body was found wrapped in plastic , dumped in a ditch in a rice field near sedang village . mrs ellis faced court on wednesday charged with the premeditated killing and explained that he was now ` in heaven ' .
jenny-lee , 28 , was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy . although doctors at sydney 's prince of wales hospital in randwick told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy , she refused both options . her mother heather has told the daily telegraph that her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child . instead she blamed local doctors for her daughter 's unnecessary death , claiming they should have tested her for
luke munro , 19 , and dylon thompson , 21 , burst into londis shop in october last year . owner , his wife and their toddler were behind the counter at the time . pair pulled out ` realistic looking ' handgun and began waving it in family 's faces . when mother and father refused to hand over cash , munro threw sweets at them . he was jailed for five years and four months at preston crown court .
scientists discovered that a single gene called tcsad1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter . plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants . the world cocoa foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons , which is valued at $ 11.8 billion .
david serbeck , 42 , was shot and paralyzed in july 2009 by reginald campos , who suspected serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an suv . in march 2012 , serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison . his victim testified during the trial that she was 17 when she and serbeck had sex three times in his magna home in 2007 . serbeck 's attorney says the jury
kenneth stancil , 20 , is a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina . he allegedly entered the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun , and fired one shot , which killed long-time employee ron lane . it is not known if he was connected or related .
the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the arrow removal operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later . animal control workers in southern california had high hopes for the bird 's recovery after its capture earlier wednesday because it seemed in otherwise good health .
tahlequah police said a package intercepted in tulsa county contained an easter bunny stuffed with $ 30,000 worth of meth . when cops sliced open the bunny they found two condoms filled with the drugs . police were baffled over the decision to use a children 's toy to smuggle the stuff .
andrew anderson , 43 , accused of forcing social worker julie mcgoldrick to the floor , injuring her wrist , as they battled over the unit which had been reduced from # 199 to # 99 . the self-employed gardener ` strategised ' his shopping and grabbed a tv near the bottom of a pallet in manchester , only for mr anderson to grab the same one at the same time . but seconds later she ended up on the floor and in serious pain .
for more than 40 years , its lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock 'n' roll puzzle . argued over by generations of geeky fans , deciphered by code-breaking rock nerds and considered to be poetic reflections on mid-20th century u.s. social history by even groovier academics . this week its lyrics , hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called don mclean , were sold at auction in
some 24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices , including when they were at school . nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of facebook and instagram . middle class teenagers were more likely to use snapchat , the controversial message service where messages disappears seconds after they are sent .
tolva ore , 32 , fitted a keyboard video mouse to her computer in palmers green . the gang attempted to deposit # 1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts . another member of staff spotted the suspicious transaction before full amount could be transferred so the bank 's losses here stopped at # 147,678 .
tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with europe . unemployed eu migrants in britain will be banned from receiving state support and would be deported if they do not get a job within six months of arriving . there will also be a ban on ` exporting ' child benefit for children living in other eu countries .
joanna biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work in all its variety - not through tedious sociological analysis - but through the stories of real people she has interviewed all over the country . biggs : ` the idea that good work brings a good life no longer holds ' .
chester , a 6-year-old pit bull mix , was found as a stray and had been living in shelters for the past five years . the shelter , based in riverhead on long island , posted a picture on thursday that was clearly designed to tug at the heartstrings of dog-lovers to resist . it showed chester with a sign around his neck .
thabo sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six nypd cops . footage taken outside a nightclub in chelsea , new york , appears to show him being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers . moments later , the video shows his teammate pero antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs . both players have since issued a statement saying they intend to fight charges against them .
the federal aviation administration had earlier given the green light to an amazon prototype drone in march . but the company told u.s. lawmakers less than a week later that the prototype had already become obsolete . the company must supply monthly data to the regulators , and conduct flights at 400 feet -lrb- 120 metres -rrb- orbelow and in ` visual meteorological conditions ' .
experts fear millions of asian hornets could be heading to britain . they pick off bees as they leave their hive until the colony is so exhausted the hornets can move in and ransack it . the hornet is thought to have travelled to france on some chinese pot plants in 2004 .
the craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show set in the zoo . following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it . one of the chimpanzees was high up in a tree with a long branch .
oil illustration appears to show the jedi knight yoda on the pages of a religious document . but in fact , the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the biblical story of samson , one expert claims . the drawing shows a cloaked creature with long , spiky hands and protruding pointy ears - just like the fantasy character .
the massive fire started last wednesday and took more than 24 hours to put out . john o'connor , a highly experienced former police detective , has claimed the proximity of the multi-million burglary was far more than a coincidence . he also said that the gang must have had some inside help .
the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace . many confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over shortandy for a quarter of an hour before it vanished as quickly as it appeared .
in 2009 , the number of students who sat the exams ended up with at least ten a grades . in 2013 , the latest year for which figures are available , 20,307 received as across the board . but critics say increasing numbers of high-fliers mean not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy .
mike cannon-brookes is australia 's equal richest self-made billionaire under 40 . the 35-year-old it entrepreneur is reportedly the mystery buyer who spent $ 12 million to make a 1918 centennial park mansion their home . he will share the home with his wife , annie todd , the designer behind fashion label house of cannon . they are now joint ceos and equal partners to the company , which is worth a reported $ 3.5 billion .
dustin wayne south died wednesday night at the louisville scene , in a field behind lassiter middle school , a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of the city . two bullets fired by police struck south , but neither was lethal , said jo-ann farmer , chief deputy coroner . the officers have been placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of an internal investigation .
fred hatch , 76 , was brutally killed on a beach in sully in 1971 . his wife enid , 70 , said her life was ` destroyed ' when her husband was killed . alan rogers , 73 , had smashed the skull of 76-year-old fred hatch . rogers was sentenced to a hospital order under the mental health act .
teenager , named locally as leah price , was airlifted to hospital last night . it is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs at filey , north yorkshire . a retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside . coastguards arrived within ten minutes and there was a scene of over a dozen emergency service people on the field .
the 56-year-old mother-of-four kissed drake at coachella on sunday night . sources were quick to tell tmz that drake liked the kiss , but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off , therefore the foul look on his face was not planned .
footage shows traffic moving along a busy street in salihorsk , belarus . as dark clouds move over the city , the entire area is plunged into darkness . the storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the ukrainian-belorusian border , named a haboob .
san francisco is known as america 's most european city , possibly because you 'll need to pack a fleece even in late july . based in the funky hotel zetta - where the foyer-come games room and bar is plastered with colossal photos of john lennon and past guests of alcatraz .
james koryor , 41 , was taken into custody tuesday morning on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse . police say he took his two-year-old son to get haircuts on monday but instead went to a liquor store where he bought a bottle of gin . the then drove around drinking with the boys in the car , before going home and falling asleep , wfsb reported . the boy 's mother then found him on the back seat of the family 's nissan sent
sara martin , 37 , from lititz , pennsylvania , had n't spoken for weeks . diagnosed with aggressive , inoperable brain cancer in 2010 . has taken part in charity runs , gone on holidays and made invaluable memories . but one day recently , she uttered the word ` florida ' following weeks of not speaking .
scientists at jyväskylä university in finland say that eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species . this only works on predators that hunt using sight while bats tend to be immune to such devices . this helps to keep other birds that might normally eat the insects away rather than the moth itself .
the former olympian and reality tv star , 65 , will speak out in a ` far-ranging ' interview with diane sawyer later this month . the interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six 's transition to a woman , and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in california in february . while the kardashian women are known for enjoying center stage , they will not be stealing bruce 's spotlight because they will be
claudia martins gave birth alone at her sister 's flat having kept her pregnancy secret from her family and friends . paramedics were called after the 33-year-old , a portuguese national , was found sitting in the bath with ' a lot of blood ' and she was taken to hospital . earlier she had killed the infant by stuffing toilet paper down its throat . martins was acquitted by a jury of a single charge of murder but convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility .
felix the cat was discovered at jfk airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks . the two-year-old grey tabby 's crate was travelling in an airline-approved carrier but it was damaged so badly -- apparently while being transferred from the plane . the couple updated their facebook profiles to announce the good news .
conrad clitheroe , 54 and gary cooper , 45 , were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at fujairah airport . they were taken to a police station and despite being told they would finally be able to return home and charges of espionage would not be brought against them . families of the three men confirmed they had been told they were finally free to go after the court accepted a defense argument that they were pursuing their passion for plane spotting and had no ill intent .
the hq of global company moose toys , the cheltenham office in melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms , table tennis table , aerobics room , gym and a custom staff lunch room . staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the employee of the year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice .
the video , titled love is on , was created by agency george patts y&r . the move is said to signal it 's intention to inspire love and connect with people around the world on an emotional level . the video features an appropriately jazz-heavy soundtrack and seductively emerges with the prints .
michael rogan , 42 , a former marine and devout churchgoer died early on friday after the accident near the town of cleveland , wisconsin . his wife , niki , and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old , who were also in the car , suffered minor injuries . rogan gave birth a few hours later to a son , blaise .
the chief political correspondent of slate magazine was announced as the new host on sunday after the 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week . he is expected to make his first appearance this summer , ending schieffer 's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program , and said he 's ` honored and excited ' by the new job .
mummified remains of 28-year-old terézia hausmann found in vác , hungary . found 14 strains of tb bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in tomb . scientists say strains evolved from a single germ that had began infecting people during the late roman period .
the 35-year-old father-of-two from griffith says the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his hodgkin 's disease - brentuximab vedotin - has improved his condition dramatically . it 's for this reason that his ` my name is chris ' campaign and website was created to help raise the money needed for his treatment . he 's now been able to go back to work part-time in between travelling to sydney
police say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at m resort spa and casino in henderson , nevada . one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries . several people who had gone to the buffet for an easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident .
nicola sturgeon said she would try to ` lock david cameron out of downing street ' regardless of whether the tories finished as the largest party . comments raise prospect of mr miliband ending up in number 10 as a result of nationalist support despite having fewer seats in the house of commons .
aaron taylor-johnson was just 19 when he met wife sam , then 42 , on the set of nowhere boy in 2009 in which he played the young john lennon and she directed him . six years , one marriage and two children later , the hollywood actor has revealed that he does n't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature .
beverley davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old ray warren . but tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal # 9,164 over 42 transactions . her actions left mr warren so devastated that he lay in bed at night worrying about money and even stopped going out . he died just five months after her crime was discovered and his daughter said davis got what she deserved .
nicola sturgeon has said she would work with ed miliband 's left-wing backbenchers to ensure a labour minority government did not pursue austerity . she also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the greens and plaid cymru to ensure mr miliband did not impose any more cuts .
abby swinfield , 18 , was partying with friends when she was rushed to hospital in the early hours of march 30 after a house party in tamworth , west midlands . she was placed in a coma , but died a week later from multiple organ failure , her family have said . police have arrested one girl for supplying drugs , but it is believed the teenager had taken the illegal class b drug mephedrone .
new zealand couple justin , jola and their baby son piko transformed a huge truck into a colourful and cosy home . it meets the minimum road requirments and appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck . the couple told website living big in a tiny house that their truck-castle was perfect for their travelling lifestyle .
david starkey hit out at baroness doreen lawrence for ` treating blacks as victims ' . he also gave his views on the current political class , claiming he did not believe any politician was equipped to be prime minister and the ` real talent has left politics ' . the 70-year-old said evidence suggested women tended to be of average intelligence , whereas men were either ` very , very bright or very thick ' .
the seven-car maglev - short for ` magnetic levitation ' - hit a top speed of 375mph -lrb- 603 km/h -rrb- and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph . it beat last week 's speeds of 366mph , which in turn beat the train 's previous 12-year record of 361mph . the train is able to go this fast because it makes use of a charge to lift and move it above a guideway .
soldiers who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for # 570,000 . another soldier has received # 411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops . last year , the mod gave a total of # 81.9 million in compensation to members of the armed forces for injury , death and property damage by the mod .
debenhams has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns . one # 199 dress is described as a ` beautiful grecian inspired gown crafted from satin with beautiful chiffon straps and waterfall detail to the centre and back ' . the store has added a covetable bridal collection to its repertoire .
the company is in talks with florence and the machine to give apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in june . beats music will be re-launched in coming months . there will be a $ 9.99-a-month subscription for individuals and a family plan for $ 14.99 .
georgina gosden , 25 , is facing common assault charges for allegedly punching a 21-year-old woman in a queensland pub last april . police are pursuing the charges despite her most recent victim withdrawing her complaint . the playboy model was already on bail , charged with assault occasioning bodily harm after she assaulted an old school friend .
brock guzman , 8 , was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 toyota corolla . police said a hapless car thief likely stole the car after the boy 's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home . but the car thief clearly did n't notice the boy curled up on the backseat fast asleep as he sped away with the vehicle .
wendy stokes , 74 , had given up hope of ever seeing toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago . but he has now returned home and after piecing together his escapades over the last year , it 's become apparent he 's had an adventure .
adam leheup , 34 , had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old . during the week long trial the woman claimed he ignored her cries of ` no ' . but following their deliberations a jury at blackfriars crown court found the university of greenwich graduate not guilty of rape and sexual assault .
steve webb said over-55s ` do n't have to rush this ' and insisted there was ` a case for waiting and seeing ' . asked about his flippant remark last year that people should be able to buy a lamborghini with their pension , he admitted ` you will pay a hell of a lot of tax ' if you do .
albert roux has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years , zimbabwean-born heiress cheryl roux last year . the coterie includes a former flame , an artist , a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce -- former cloakroom attendant nataliya lutsyshyna .
scientists at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust -lrb- uclh -rrb- are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure . it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer . the procedure involves inserting the ebus down the throat , guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube . an ultrasound scanner attached to one end of the tube takes a scan while a small needle takes a tissue sample in one go .
health secretary jeremy hunt promised crackdown if conservatives are re-elected . comments led storm of reaction from all political parties , as well as health experts and medical professionals . today it can be revealed that some could dodge tax by channelling salaries through personal companies , and allows them to avoid paying income tax and national insurance in the normal way .
secretary of state john kerry negotiated with iran , and at the very least , not to meddle in foreign affairs . the president 's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant ` we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like ' . the newly returned lawmakers scheduled to take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal .
luca railton , 11 , was born with bones missing from his legs due to rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia . doctors said the condition meant he would have his right leg amputated or fused straight . but his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects , which would have left luca severely disabled for life . through tireless fundraising , mr and mrs railton managed to raise # 135,000 to take their son to the us for surgery .
amanda lamb stars in the new air wick fragrance campaign . the 42-year-old says that one of the easiest ways to instantly perk up a room is with a home fragrance . the seductive shoot has been captured by vogue and gq photographer willy camden . willy 's style is vibrant and colourful .
steven nelms writes in the essay 's introduction that he ca n't afford his wife to be a stay-at-home mother to their two-year-old son ezra . ' i do n't at all mean to offend anyone with this post , ' he writes .
anand iyer , 36 , quit his job to be a house-husband - and now he could n't be happier . he ` felt terrible ' about not seeing his little girl ava , two , in the evening . he moved over to threadflip to be their chief product officer .
nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past . the 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to bbc 's andrew marr show in a fuchsia column dress . she is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist in the run-up to the scottish parliament election in 2007 .
the great dying , which struck the earth 252 million years ago , wiped out more than 96 % of the world 's creatures . while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event , research has found the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic . the study , led by the university of edinburgh , is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame .
patrick bamford opened the scoring for middlesbrough in the 11th minute . jelle vossen doubled their lead shortly after half-time . aitor karanka then added a second for the hosts in the second half . the blues have now won all four of their remaining matches .
wendell steiner , his wife , and their four children were stopped by police in akron , ohio during their 300-mile journey . although mitt romney was governor of massachusetts and not the buckeye state , the former presidential candidate famously came under fire during his 2012 run for the white house .
ukip leader booed by voters at westminster 's methodist central hall . he faced claims he blamed all of britain 's problems on migrants . pollster icm hired by bbc to select the audience members . but mr farage said something had gone ` wrong ' with the process .
hillary clinton 's security detail arrived at a suburban des moines , iowa fruit processing company on tuesday with an added vehicle . after her signature oversize black chevy conversion van drove up to the building with a nearly identical secret service escort vehicle . both armored vehicles have raised roofs , deep-tinted windows and new york license plates . while the original van -- the one nicknamed ` scooby ' after the cartoon show -- the second has blue and white plates of a different
sir ranulph has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003 . the 71-year-old said the event is ` not set for old geriatrics like me ' . he has raised almost # 1million for marie curie , previously raising # 6.3 m .
britain 's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels . so if you love the mulberry bayswater tote , but wince at the eye-watering price tag , you can pick up a looky-likey from next .
ryan heritage , 18 , posted a cocky message on trowbridge police 's page . said : ` oi yo check if there 's a warrant for my arrest , if so good luck !!! ' . went out for a night out in his home town where he was spotted by police who chased him on foot before finally grabbing him .
paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch . but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain . inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric . the supermarket has offered her a refund and # 40 voucher .
liz norden 's adult sons , jp and paul , each lost their right leg when they were hit by the explosive mix of shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashing by the tsarnaevs ' primitive explosives in april 2013 . the men , now in their mid-thirties , were received horrific wounds as they shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line at the boston marathon . in response to the news that boston-
julie mckenzie was assured by her gp that her nagging back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine . she 'd gone to see him three months after suddenly developing back problems and had been referred for x-rays . these revealed that her spine was slightly curved , a condition known as scoliosis .
reverend andrew dotchin , 58 , a well-known local character popular with his parishioners , was celebrating the end of lent when he was refused entry at the wine bar in ipswich . he was told there were health and safety concerns because a glass could fall on his foot .
pensioner , who was travelling in first class on board the boeing 777-300 jet , was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into the unplanned landing . the flight crew alerted the pilot , who put a call in to the irish aviation authority 's -lrb- iaa -rrb- north atlantic communications service centre at ballygirreen in co clare . on touching down at around 8.15 pm local time , gard
elizabeth scarborough , 21 , impersonates taylor swift when she 's not attending school in south carolina . the charleston , native can also sing , dance , and act just like her lookalike . after taylor 's second album , fearless , came out when elizabeth was 15 , the student asked her older brother to teach her how to play love story .
crystal clear waters have revealed a number of haunting hulls belonging to ships that succumbed to the perils of lake michigan over the centuries . the unusual transparency has been caused by surface ice melting , unveiling the boat graveyard at the bottom of the great lake , before organisms like plankton conceal them once more .
vanessa favia , attorney for 19-year-old heather mack , has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of four-month-old stella . mack filed a claim in court back in february that her uncle , wiese-mack 's brother and trustee of her estate , had blocked her access to the funds . a judge ordered $ 150,000 be released to pay for mack defense , along with another $
cctv footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk before she quickly grabs the box of anzac badges and money while covering it with her vest . the woman , who is donning a black-and-white striped top and a black vest , could be seen wandering her eyes around the room but walks away when a man strolls past with his blazer . caulfield rsl general manager pete frost said he felt disgusted and disheartened after witnessing the incident on
anti-racism protester jacob king was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear . mr king was raised in melbourne and says he lived in a multicultural part of the victorian capital . he says he learned islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to ` unlearn ' these views .
charles barnhoorn took hundreds of cans of nitrous oxide before taking his own life . he was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in kingsteignton , devon . coroner ian arrow recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation .
clem schultz thought his dog missy suffered the same fate as his partner but after missy was spotted by a coned worker , police called schultz and reported the sighting . when missy first disappeared the family created a facebook page called , ` the search for missy ' . people who are still hunting for their missing pets can post to the facebook page ` fairdale and rochelle illinois pet recovery ' or call the national disaster animal response and recovery teams -lrb- n
more company bosses have signed the letter backing tory economic plans . among the new signatories is simon woodroffe , the founder of yo ! sushi . others include executives from two ftse-100 firms and 10 from the ftse . announcement of the new names will heap pressure on labour .
john truong thought he was helping his sister have a nice night out with her boyfriend . instead , he ended up an unknowing accomplice to a bizarre abduction . police arrested truong 's sister alyssa chang this week after she allegedly helped kidnap 2-year-old ronnie tran and his mother , with the child 's grandmother , vien nguyen . chang and nguyen then took the two to another home in fife .
the cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student , ranajit roy in his hometown of bengaluru . the palm squirrel lets outs a big yawn after waking up from a nap on a coconut leaf in the early morning sun . the species are found naturally in india and sri lanka .
domanik green , 14 , allegedly accessed staff member 's laptop at paul r. smith middle school in holiday , florida , without permission by using an administrator 's password . he was arrested on wednesday and detained at the land o'lakes detention center until he was released into the custody of his mother later the same day .
nicole mcdonough , 32 , was arrested in december on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at mendham high school . a subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in improper ` communication ' and ` fraternization ' with two other male students . the program requires a probationary period of one to three years and comes with a list of conditions that must be met .
sgt. george hildebidle , who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children , barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home on thursday morning . local police called in the charleston county sheriff 's department , the crisis negotiations team , swat , and bomb squads to assume responsibility of the situation ` because we did not want to have our own folks dealing with this individual on a daily basis ' . hours later , a decision was made to enter
carwyn scott-howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area , a source said . the welsh schoolboy , who was formally named by police today , was holidaying in the french resort of flaine with his mother ceri , elder brother gerwyn , 19 , and sister antonia .
actor had been diagnosed with parkinson 's , stuffed his collection of watches into a sock and took it to a friend for safekeeping . also spent his final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online , convinced he had another illness . post-mortem examination later revealed williams had been suffering from lewy body dementia - an undiagnosed illness .
family of victims of yorkshire ripper peter sutcliffe furious at plans to move him from broadmoor to a low-security priory unit set in berkshire woodland . but now , despite being one of country 's most notorious serial killers , he may be moved after he expressed remorse and said he no longer hears ` voices from god ' .
deborah steel , 37 , who ran the royal standard pub in ely , cambridgeshire , was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 december 1997 . police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation as a murder inquiry . the search has the full consent of the present landlord who is not connected with the investigation .
the 37-year-old rapper stars on paper 's latest cover , donning a grey sweatshirt from his collection for adidas and a necklace featuring his daughter north 's nickname , nori . in the april issue , kanye explained that if there was an actual illuminati , ` it would be more like the energy companies ' - not hollywood stars .
myuran sukumaran and andrew chan are awaiting their fate on execution island in java . the pair were identified as leaders of the plot to smuggle 8.3 kg of heroin , taped to the bodies of young mules , and sentenced to death . their lawyers have been desperate to show the courts their rehabilitation over the past decade .
melbourne brand ` elliott label ' is suddenly the hit of hollywood . the 29-year-old 's brand is adorning the backs of stars including kourtney kardashian , drew barrymore , cameron diaz and pop group grl . gulliver admits that since antin has come on board the brand has sky rocketed from being a ` small solely-owned start up ' to a complete lifestyle brand .
kim roberts admitted stealing antiques , vases and silverware from countess bathurst 's cirencester mansion and her london home . the 58-year-old worked for the countess , 87 , and helped herself to the riches , which included a sketch by picasso and pewter plates . the haul was said to be worth a total of # 500,000 at an earlier hearing .
bobby cole norris was left heartbroken last august when doctors revealed his ` best friend ' and mother kym norris had just one hope for survival . weeks earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia . bobby tweeted : ` somewhere there is an amazing person that registered with @anthonynolan and was a match for my mum , i will never be able to thank you enough ' .
john allan claimed david cameron 's decision to promise an in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back from brussels means the cart is very firmly before the horse . he suggested large firms could move their head offices from london to other sites in europe ` relatively painlessly ' .
danny alexander and brooke magnanti snapped at bar one in inverness . it comes as david cameron faced a growing revolt over his ` flat-footed ' general election campaign . several mps pointed the finger of blame at the prime minister 's australian election guru lynton crosby .
josh and vanessa ellis were both youth pastors at the eastpointe foursquare church in bonney lake - where workers were installing a sidewalk . a concrete slab fell from a construction site on a washington state bridge and landed on their truck . the family 's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies .
man , said to be in his 20s , was struck by a northern line train at stockwell . other passengers watched in horror as the man was struck on the head . emergency services were called to stockwell station in south london this morning . the station was shut while medics tended to the passenger who was later taken to hospital .
gratza and claudine lafond , from sydney , have snapped photos of themselves striking impressive yoga poses all over the world . in the mesmerising images , the pair , who run a worldwide studio called yogabeyond , do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds .
duke of york made his first public appearance since lurid sex claims . virginia roberts , now 31 , claimed she was the sex slave of disgraced financier jeffrey epstein - a former friend of andrew 's . prince andrew has always denied the claims - as has buckingham palace .
the clinton foundation will continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six . the change in policy comes as former board member hillary clinton undertakes her presidential campaign . the foundation 's reliance on funding from several middle east governments sparked criticism and gave republicans a new offensive against the leading democrat .
rhiannon langley , 24 , from melbourne , has an almost 200,000-strong following on instagram . the hairdresser is currently in a bangkok hotel recovering from surgery , but has remained active on social media . she informed her followers of her impending surgery via the latter one week ago .
alexsandro palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest project , ` what kind of man are you ? ' . the #briefmessage campaign to fight violence against women is an opportunity for women - and men - to share their feelings about machismo . palombo says the response has been ` immediate and powerful ' .
plane began to plunge after it was struck by lightning , but autopilot ignored the pilot 's commands to climb and tried to crash the plane into the sea . the 42-year-old pilot put out a mayday emergency signal before saving his 30 passengers and three crew moments before the plane plunged into the north sea .
liana barrientos , 39 , married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone . her first marriage took place in 1999 to mohamed gerbril , followed by a 2001 marriage to ahmed allam , then a second marriage to habibur rahman . authorities reportedly slapped her with offering a false instrument for filing felony charges in november 2014 .
violent protests started two weeks ago in durban , a key port on south africa 's indian ocean coast , spreading to johannesburg . in the latest show of violence around 200 protesters , shouting that they wanted immigrants to leave the country , pelted passing vehicles and the police with rocks .
bethany farrell , 23 , died on february 17 while scuba diving in queensland 's whitsundays , a week after beginning her gap year . two people who were on the boat when ms farrell died have taken to tripadvisor to slam wings diving adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances . a friend makes the shocking claim that photos of the backpacker shortly before she died were discarded before police could see it .
evan summerfield had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself but just hours later he was fighting for his life . he was rushed to derriford hospital in plymouth but despite doctors and nurses battling to save him , died soon after . his parents shannon summerfield , 17 , and kris adams , 19 , have been left confused as to how fast this horrible illness just takes hold .
julia ware , who was 15 at the time of the accident , appeared at wayne county court in honesdale , pennslyvania , on wednesday . the families of shamus digney , cullen keffer and ryan lesher - who were all 15 - watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors . after the hearing was over , a grieving father branded ware , of pleasantville , new york , a murderer . the tenth grad
poppy moore , 23 , wed her childhood sweetheart sam myers at chelsea register office with only 12 loved ones . the bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses , which poignantly contained a picture of her father dean . poppy was only 18 months old when her famous grandfather died in 1993 .
the rate of bankruptcy , 15.7 percent , remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid . despite earning millions - sometimes tens of millions - former players go broke at about 1.1 percent per year , the same rate as the rest of americans . vince young earned a reported $ 64million in salary and endorsement deals - but was bankrupt before he even finished his nfl career .
the man is believed to have scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight in between cars and then climbing the pit wall . it was reported that the fan then walked into the ferrari garage expressing his desire to race a grand prix car . the fia is currently looking into the matter , alongside the promoters and circuit officials .
liberal democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights . ukip supporters are the most likely to try out their dance moves on holiday . green party supporters are also the least likely to take the toiletries home with them . labour are the biggest sun lovers of all the parties with 90 per cent .
austin bird , one of the men pictured sitting at the table with mrs. clinton . bird told daily mail online that campaign staffer troy price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him tuesday morning at a restaurant in davenport , iowa . price then drove them to the coffee house to meet clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour . bird is a democratic party insider who chauffeured vice president joe biden around davenport
esther mcvey , who won her wirral west seat in 2010 with a majority of 2,436 , has called on ed miliband to condemn the ` scurrilous ' campaign against her . the employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell .
jessica , 29 , is the first celebrity to star in an ann summers campaign . the campaign sees jess showcase her incredible figure in the brand 's swimwear and beachwear collection . jess says it is a real thrill to have worked with the brand after having been a fan herself .
julian john visits the intricately designed prayer halls as frequently as possible to snap photographs of what he believes to be ` the jewel in the united arab emirates ' crown . teaching assistant julian , originally from brighton , sussex , is planning an exhibition of his epic photos .
adele sarno , 85 , is facing eviction from her $ 820-a-month apartment in manhattan 's little italy neighborhood . her landlord is the italian american museum which is dedicated to the legacy of italian-americans and is situated below her home . the fight over her two-bedroom apartment began five years ago .
washington state representative jesse young wants to use two or three carriers to link bremerton and port orchard across the sinclair inlet . the idea is intriguing because the us navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site of the bridge . young has recently been towed to texas to be cut into salvage .
john and carolyn jackson also forced some of the children to drink hot sauce or eat hot pepper flakes and were n't exposed until one of their biological children reported the abuse to someone outside the family . the jacksons had three biological children and three adopted children . they have only been charged for abusing the foster children by withholding food and water as punishment .
swedish retailer has been forced to take action to stop visitors kicking off their shoes and going to sleep on their beds and sofas . the problem has got so bad that nappers had taken over more than half of beds . some even even getting under the covers for a snooze .
the group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964 . the document related to a notorious flat in battersea , south west london . it is not clear whether the band and savile attended the brothel at the same time . savile was known to be a regular visitor in the 1970s but they have all been linked to the property .
sandra garratt , 56 , went through two years of agony following two back operations for a slipped disc and not even morphine could dull the pain . last month doctors told the housewife there was nothing more they could do ease her suffering and this was the ` final straw ' , according to her husband steve .
according to the game of thrones books , valyrian steel is a form of super strong and light metal forged when the freehold governed essos . it was reportedly forged using westerosi magic and the secret to forging it was said to have been lost with the doom of valyria . despite its fictional basis , a scientist has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry .
joyce tabram , 82 , was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to fsh on march 30 with swollen abdomen . she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her . she has called for the hospital to be shut down until april 3 after she became fed up with no action being taken .
lydia millen and ali gordon met on instagram and live in milton keynes . ali , 26 , helped to teach his girlfriend how to train hard and eat clean . the pair have now been dating two years and ali has 109,000 followers . both have large followings on the site with lydia boasting 194,000 .
matt o'connor 's own-goal turned his team 's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie . brandon tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the friars the lead and the eventual win . it was the school 's first ncaa hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion .
la-sonya mitchell-clark , 38 , of youngstown , ohio , found out her birth mother was francine simmons after the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 . she looked up her mother 's name on facebook and found out she worked infocision - the same call-center operation company she works at . after connecting the dots , she realized her mother was closer than
jean sharon abbott , 38 , from plymouth , minnesota , was told she had spastic diplegia , a form of cerebral palsy , when she was just four-years-old . but after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms , weakness , as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures , she learned at the age of 33 she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia . the rare , yet treatable , muscle disorder saw her confined to a bed for much of
tim farron was accused by jo stephenson 's widow of ` betrayal ' . inquest found he jumped from the roof of his house while suffering ` intense stress ' . mr farron , deputy leader of cumbria county council , fell from three-storey property in windermere after being vilified over new parking charges .
a husband has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences . each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the 48-year-old man had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years . officers were first called to a carrington circuit residence in february where they found the woman with a fractured leg and bruising after she jumped off a balcony . the man was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on june 10 .
three other guards - paul slough , evan liberty and dustin heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for charges that included manslaughter , attempted manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony . u.s. district judge royce lamberth announced the sentences after a day-long hearing at which defense lawyers had argued for leniency , and prosecutors asked that those sentences be made even harsher . a fourth , nicholas slatten , faces a penalty of life in
joseph o'riordan , 74 , stabbed wife of ten years amanda , 47 , eight times . she suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in torso , chest , arms and back . court heard he was considering allowing her to have affairs . he said : ' i think amanda is playing away . she 's getting her nails and hair done more regularly ' .
researchers at the natural history museum in london and university college london have found evidence that the human bones found in gough 's cave in somerset had the flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed . they found tooth marks on many of the bones , which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992 .
william shakespeare mounted his play at drury lane theatre in london on december 13 , 1727 , claiming that it was a re-working of an original by the bard . but a new study of its language to build up a psychological profile of the writer ` strongly identifies ' the legendary playwright as the true author .
manhattan 's fifth avenue was a sea of bizarre hats today as people celebrating easter took to the streets in outlandish hats . bunny ears , eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of new yorkers as they milled around in a loose gaggle centered on st patrick 's cathedral . as well as christians emerging from the service , led by cardinal timothy dolan , jews , hindus , agnostics and atheists joined
aaronessa keaton of phoenix , arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children . when told of this after her arrest , keaton said ; ` sh*t happens ' . one of the children later died from their injuries .
prime minister travelled to glasgow this morning to unveil tory party 's manifesto . he accused the snp and labour of posing a ` clear and present danger ' to britain . he said the two parties were pretending to ` slug it out ' ahead of next month 's poll .
a lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs - meaning that our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs , dust or pollen . findings bolster the theory that modern society , with its mania for sanitation and easy access to antibiotics , makes us hypersensitive to harmless allergens .
australian government report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in cola . many nations are looking into carbon capture and storage technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions , of which carbon dioxide plays a large role . the technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent .
josh darnbrough , 24 , slept , his mate rob gaskell , also 24 , inked the words ` if found face down call an ambulance ' on his back , using a diy kit . josh , from mossley , near ashton , only discovered the prank the following day after looking in a mirror .
alexander soumbadze , 26 , has been charged with eight counts of child pornography counts . police in maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of the karate instructor . the georgian national fled the us after confessing to trading child pornography videos earlier this month . he has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography .
a fed up resident of cammeray , a wealthy north shore suburb , stuck a note to the windscreen of a car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders . ` dear northern beaches parasites and car dependent tragics , ' it read . ` go back to your insular peninsular ... after all what do you do once you get here ? head straight for the bus stop ' .
david tungate , 58 , was left devastated after the marriage to his first gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the uk . he then remarried , but his second wife , also from gambia , turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of # 24,000 of his retirement money . david is now dating a third woman and is convinced his latest lady will prove to be third time lucky .
george kidd , the chief commissioner of the direct marketing commission , said it would be investigating two firms . b2c data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people -- including details about their pension pots , incomes and investments . the second firm -- data bubble -- supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients -- such as whether they suffered from high blood pressure , arthritis or even bladder problems .
dr. anthony j. moschetto allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man 's office ; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal . investigators who went to his home in sands point on long island 's gold coast - one of the nation 's wealthiest areas - found a weapons cache in a secret room that was accessed through a motorized bookshelf .
queen victoria spent her holidays in osborne house on the isle of wight . she would take to the sea in her wooden bathing machine , and that all of her children learned to swim . the building is now a five-bedroom family home , currently on the market for # 625,000 .
larry kramer , 79 , says he believes what 's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles . in volume one of his two part book ` the american people , ' kramer says that abraham lincoln was gay and his killer john wilkes booth was actually lincoln 's spurned gay lover . kramer claims that the motive for murder was not booth 's anger over the civil war but was his unrequited love
elspeth mckendrick , 16 , was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with asperger 's syndrome . her parents said she was ` happy to be odd and eccentric ' but was ` very much in denial ' about her condition and felt unable to discuss it with anybody .
ben sunderman , 19 , who has down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with embassy suites . in the video filmed by his mother , he thoroughly looks over the letter as she interrupts him wanting to know the decision . with hugs , laughs and excitement all around , the priceless reaction left him and his family with big smiles .
kenneth crowder , 41 , was arrested in melbourne , florida , on friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself god . he was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree . crowder was booked into brevard county jail complex and later posted bond to be released .
laura wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model roommates to prepare for fashion week . the size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard ` skinnier ' models during her stint working in new york . agents instructed them to stick to a diet of ` one cracker and a couple of glasses of water ' .
google partnered with catlin seaview survey and adrian shine from the loch ness and morar project to capture the street view images . to celebrate , google has launched its latest street view experience that lets you virtually explore both above and beneath the water in the iconic scottish waterway . the site has also changed the yellow pegman to a nessie peg-monster .
lesley jonathon cameron was jailed for life on tuesday for the december 2013 murder of maureen anne horstman , 67 , and her 26-year-old daughter tamara . cameron , who was 19 and at the time , also raped tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead . a used condom with dna evidence was found after the incident , the west australian supreme court heard .
boston red sox defeated the new york yankees 6 - 5 in 19 innings at yankee stadium . xander bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings . chase headley and mark teixeira hit tying home runs for the yanoks .
britain 's five highest-earning nhs dentists paid average salaries of # 690,000 . comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on books of nhs practices . 11 dentists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 - a total of 177 . figures lay bare huge amounts of taxpayers ' money paid to dentists for nhs work .
police across malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos , while tanzania 's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts . albinism , mostly children , have been killed , wounded , abducted or kidnapped in east africa in the past six months .
irina , 29 , split from partner of five years christiano ronaldo in january . says she felt ` ugly standing next to the wrong man ' . video follows the couple cavorting around an la pool in the sunshine . she has teamed the retro-inspired sunglasses collection with a plunging metallic swimsuit .
the game is based on children 's favourite whack-a-mole but instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food a cartoon girl . it was marketed by smarttouch media and sold on the amazon and android platforms until it was withdrawn following a string of angry complaints .
in not-so-subtle posts on the social networking site , the two carriers reignited their feud by posting tweets concerning their operation at dublin airport . ryanair , run by michael o'leary , shared a photo of two of its staff by an advertising banner in terminal 2 , along with the words : ` low fares have come to @dublinairport t2 at last . fly from t1 for the lowest fares made simple ' .
prince abdul malik , 31 , exchanged vows with dayangku raabi'atul ` adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah , 22 . the newlyweds ' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds . the prince is the youngest child of the sultan of brunei , one of the world 's richest men .
brett matthew paul thomas , now 56 , and his friend , mark titch , were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in orange county . thomas and titch were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole . titch died behind bars last year .
callum ryan , 21 , will run a marathon in each of australia 's eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late friend malachy frawley . his ` eight great states ' campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend , who died from heart disease in 2013 . the university of sydney student has already faced his first three marathons .
the hunt for mh370 will be extended , with government officials from australia , china and malaysia deciding to double the search area . the expanded search will ` cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis ' . news came weeks after fresh testimonies from a small island community in the maldives reignited reports the plane could have crashed more than 5,000 kilometres away .
pamela clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow . but the 92-year-old 's family was under the impression she planned to sell . her beloved dog mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary . after returning to find the house empty , the great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family .
usain bolt spoke about the six-time olympic champion saying ` nobody 's ever been faster than this guy ' . he then told bolt ` wait , wait should we get a pose here ? come on man show me ' before the pair busted out in the sprinter 's signature pose for cameras . crowds across jamaica cheered for president obama on thursday as he made multiple stops and became the first american president to visit the island nation since 1982 .
omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , first came to prominence when he appeared in a isis propaganda video urging the west to send troops to fight isis . now the fighter has been promoting himself as an amateur islamic thinker , regularly attempting to write about daily issues faced by jihadists .
david cameron set out ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside london and the south east to prevent a ` reckless ' economy booming in the capital . said recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just on screens of traders in the city of london .
mark reckless defected to ukip to trigger the rochester and strood by-election . the private rochester data is understood to put mr reckless behind the conservative candidate kelly tolhurst , who he defeated in november 's election . the party has decided against publicising the figures in case supporters are demoralised .
cheryl meyer told chris christie to cool it with the attitude at a town hall meeting tuesday . meyer said it would be difficult for her to explain to her young students why it 's okay for a presidential figure to say ` shut up ' and ` idiot ' . christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled .
photographs show a young bear being chained to a tree and attacked by dogs as part of a baiting competition in yakutsk , eastern russia . attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of russia , particularly at this time of the year as they awake hungry following the long winter hibernation .
dame helen mirren , 69 , believes she was in her prime age-wise in the ` unfortunate ' 1970s , which , she says , was a ` horrible ' time for women . the actress looked stunning at the premiere of the woman in gold and showed us just why she 's an inspiration to us all .
jennifer lopez 's shimmering , navel-baring versace gown captivated the world . long before kim kardashian was breaking the internet , it even caught the attention of google executive , eric schmidt , who has revealed that the dress was his inspiration for creating google images .
danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married . ' i knew that god could get us through that , ' she said , in an interview at the couple 's georgetown home tuesday .
man , believed to be mentally disturbed , caught on video trying to enter restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol . police in canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a turkish airlines flight and was then tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway .
the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power . it was created by artist paul erard in the swiss city of la chaux-de-fonds . the 2.34 calibre bullets hold the guinness world record for the smallest working revolver .
sarah stage , a 30-year-old underwear model from los angeles , welcomed james hunter into the world on tuesday afternoon . despite her critics ' claims that her unusually trim figure could be damage to her unborn child , it seems their fears were unfounded . sarah confirmed to e!a that baby james weighed in at a healthy eight pounds , seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth .
fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time . but before the ladder could be used the woman became more agitated . she was then pushed kicking and screaming back in through the window . xu has been widely praised for his actions but insisted he was only doing his job .
sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in aershan city in inner mongolia . no official comments been given on what caused the bizarre red sky . but photos of people 's hands covered in the black soot have circulated widely online . the nation 's top meteorologist has previously warned through media that ongoing climate change will have a ` huge impact ' on china .
al sharpton said family wanted him gone to avoid ` another ferguson type of circus ' . he also announced he would head to north charleston , south carolina , to preach and attend a vigil on sunday . allegations that scott 's family wanted nothing to do with him published by new york daily news .
astronomers detected the complex organic molecules in a disk of gas and dust around a star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming . discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on earth are not unique to our solar system . experts believe comets and asteroids from the outer solar system seeded the young earth with water and organic molecules to set the stage for life to evolve .
the dead pair , believed to be in their mid to late 20s , were found stuffed in boxes in a public park in haryana state , around 30 miles south of new delhi . police said the man 's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk , while his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women .
the deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in landford , essex and is thought to date to 5,600 bc . it was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet -lrb- one metre -rrb- and then backfilled with soil . three radiocarbon dates , two from bone fragments and one from charcoal , have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old and fall within the late mesolithic , between 6,000
the automated computer program was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $ 100 each week by randomly purchasing an item offered for sale on the deep web . it would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in the town of st gallen , in north east switzerland . however , it seems the random darknet shopper crossed the line when it purchased 10 ecstasy tablets , which arrived in a vacuum packed bag hidden in a dvd case
new study shows underweight people are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as alzheimer 's than those of a healthy weight . findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested that being fat -- with a high body mass index - could raise the risk . other experts said more research was needed , and the way gps used to diagnose dementia may have skewed the results .
defence minister kevin andrews has failed to name the leader of islamic state on the same day the federal government announced they would be sending 300 australian troops to iraq . but during an embarrassing interview on the abc 's 7.30 program , the mr anderson declined to reveal the brutal regime 's leader .
braylon robinson was playing at a house in cleveland , ohio , on sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger . minutes later , he was rushed to an area hospital , where he was later pronounced dead . investigators are apparently trying to determine where the gun came from - and the identity of the person responsible for bringing it into the house .
peter fox , 26 , was arrested at euston station in london this morning . he was arrested on suspicion of the murders of bernadette and sarah fox . detectives released cctv images of the pair leaving liverpool lime street . mrs fox died of asphyxiation while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed .
doug hughes made his initial appearance in u.s. district court in washington on thursday . he was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace . hughes was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in tampa starting next week .
sandstorm could be seen enveloping much of saudi arabia , oman and the united arab emirates and reaching as far east as india and pakistan over a period of seven days . by april 4 , it was beginning to stretch across the peninsula to eventually cover an area almost as large as the united states .
prime minister and his wife joined worshippers at gravesend gurdwara . visit designed to reach out to wider community with just three weeks until election . comes just a day after conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of christians in the uk . mr cameron said : ' i wanted to make sure downing street was part of this too ' .
scientists examining the site where a series of tracks left by a barefooted early human in ileret , northwest kenya , have now found a total of 99 prints . they now believe that they belong to groups who all passed over the soft mud at the same time - perhaps stalking some of the other animals whose prints are also preserved in the mud .
hbo has pledged to crackdown on australians who use overseas accounts to access the us-restricted streaming service hbo now . tens of thousands of aussies are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network -lrb- vpn -rrb- technology . hbo has warned internet users , who are watching popular tv shows such as games of thrones , the sopranos and girls , via email that they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on april 21 .
heather hironimus , who filed the complaint late monday , is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges have n't . the complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son is n't necessary , that the boy does n't want it , and that his constitutional rights are being violated . her arrest was ordered after she fled in february and ignored a judge 's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision favored by the child 's
corporal christian walmsley was found dead in his flat in bolton . the 42-year-old had served in the first gulf war , bosnia , angola and northern ireland in the royal engineers from 1989 until 2000 . inquest heard he had witnessed ` significant violence only soldiers experience ' . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samar .
the warmth of a sun has long been thought to be a key ingredient to life . but astronomers say ` rogue ' , sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials . this is according to sean raymond , an astrophysicist with the laboratoire d'astrophysique de bordeaux in france , who has taken a look at how life can form on rogue planets .
the mountain lion , known as p-22 , left the los feliz home in the early hours of tuesday , having created quite the media circus in the affluent hollywood suburb . his departure was announced on twitter by the california department of fish and wildlife , which tweeted ` the cougar has left the building ' at 9.28 am . the lion usually lives in nearby griffith park , but on monday was discovered in the crawl space of jason and paula arch
the 33-year-old , who is vying for a place on team gb at the rio olympics , welcomed mia grace with husband mike tindall last year . but after finding herself ` surprised ' by how difficult it was to regain her fitness , the queen 's granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape .
the live with kelly & michael co-host wore a frown as she left her new york city apartment on tuesday . when appearing on her morning show she said , ` he was such a great man ... he will be missed - i will miss him every day of my life ' .
british jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks across border . would-be fighters are bringing the items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across syria and iraq , who are desperately missing the western treats . however , the hypocrisy in their choice of diet has n't gone unnoticed , with twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden .
the new study , by independent political magazine mother jones , was spawned by the mass shooting in aurora , colorado , in july 2012 during a midnight screening of the dark knight rises . the magazine says it set out to determine the amount of money the survivors and victims ' families from that one incident would need , based on medical expenses , lost wages , court costs , therapy and impact on quality of life . the legal proceedings alone cost $ 5.5 million before the trial of the shooter ,
peggy siegal said the voting panel objected to having a british director paint their country in a bad light . she said that steve mcqueen would not win as the academy did not want such a dark message about the us to be ` sent around the world ' . the emails also reveal that a hollywood blockbuster of dr who is in the works - but not for a few years .
kingsley burrell , 29 , was taken into custody on march 27 2011 after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping in the centre of birmingham . when cctv showed that in fact nobody had approached him , he was sectioned under the mental health act , and died four days later at the queen elizabeth hospital . an inquest into his death at birmingham coroner 's court heard that he was arrested in the haymer corner shop in winson green
scientists discovered a protein which helps boost the body 's immune system ten-fold , an astonishing effect which could help patients fight off cancers and viruses . the protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic t-cells , which have the ability to detect cancerous cells , hunt them down , and destroy them .
the number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter . the product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including victoria beckham . georgia percy , of retail analysts kantar worldpanel , said it suggests women are ` tending towards a more natural look ' .
beatrice tollman , founder of a luxury hotel chain , made her most recent donation of # 20,000 to the tories earlier this month . but it emerged that she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge . her husband stanley tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion in 2003 .
michelle , a 32-year-old mother who has asked for her surname not to be used , said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on tuesday and almost hit her vehicle . she said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings . police have identified the driver as daniel robert frank , 28 , who was arrested earlier this month for
duchess of wales has cut an increasingly relaxed figure since marrying camilla . the 67-year-old has also become a much-loved member of the royal family . most recently , she pulled off a tour of the us with aplomb , accosted by ex-glamour model katie price in the paddock .
dave brockie , 50 , was found slumped in a chair at his richmond , virginia , home march 23 , 2014 . a medical examiner later determined that the musician died of accidental drug overdose . the grammy-nominated band was founded in 1984 and is known for its comically grotesque costumes , stage antics and vulgar lyrics .
detectives from the homicide squad and the sex crime squad are ` vigorously perusing that line of inquiry and this investigation is moving at a very fast pace ' . the news comes as the parents of the missing toddler have begged for his return in a heart-wrenching video made seven months after he vanished from his grandmother 's house .
prime minister hailed the work of the church and condemned the persecution of christians following the massacre in kenya . mr cameron took a break from the campaign trail to visit the orphaned lambs in the cotswolds . archbishop of canterbury has condemned certain welfare reforms as part of a series of interventions by church leaders .
gavin tobeck of lacey , washington suffered from a broken cheekbone , jaw and nose bridge , and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets . in an effort to save her son , 29-year-old alissa evans ' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on gavin . following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies , smash is scheduled to be euthanized by thurston county animal service on s
jameela jamil spent # 3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings . the 29-year-old broadcaster is convinced her teeth - or rather , the dental work done on them - triggered a host of health problems that plagued her for nearly seven years .
annah sophia stevenson decided to get takeaway from blenheim mcdonald 's for herself and her three-year-old son luca . after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten , disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth .
kyle major , 14 , punched father-of-two paul walker , 52 , in the back of the head in an unprovoked street attack on new year 's day this year . mr walker was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground and died shortly afterwards in hospital . major pleaded guilty to manslaughter at preston crown court today .
the bridesmaids star and daughter of famed australian actor barry otto have joined up in new film-making collaboration ` the doll house ' . byrne believes , in an age where sheryl sandberg of facebook , arianna huffington of yahoo dominating powerful positions , it 's about time they become strong , female leaders in film .
shinjiro kumagai is a ` mild mannered ' clergyman at a local buddhist temple called gokurakuji in kitakyushu , southwest japan . but after the days work is done , he dresses up as iconic japanese sci-fi tv hero kamen rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law .
photographer mark kolbe travelled around australia to meet the grandchildren , great-grandchildren , sons and daughters of the australian armed forces . amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge . the soldiers ' medals remain glistening inside their descendants ' homes after a century of being treasured .
sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harvested during the day by solar panels fitted to a roof . this energy can be used throughout the day , and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down . it additionally has a sleep mode that ensures the storage system never runs low and will automatically go into standby when not in use .
german photographer dieter klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields . he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including a rare jaguar xk120 . many of the cars , often with doors , tires or windows missing , are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over .
jw marriott houston downtown hired first lady michelle obama 's favourite designer , narcisco rodriguez . while the shangri la hotel in toronto opted for local designer , sunny fong , when overhauling their lobby lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms . the result was a sleek , sophisticated style , inspired by the asian artwork in the property 's common spaces .
doug hughes , 61 , landed a gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol to protest campaign finance laws . his wife , alena , says she is proud of her husband and will ` support him no matter what ' . the mailman has since been released on his own recognizance and is allowed to return to florida under certain conditions .
last month 's average temperature soared to 56.4 °f -lrb- 13.6 °c -rrb- , which is 1.5 °f above the average for the 20th century . this was the highest for march in the 1880-2015 record , surpassing the previous record of 0.09 °c . it follows earlier announcements from us government scientists that 2014 was the hottest year in modern history .
a 19-year-old model in california has taken to bathing in pig 's blood in a desperate -- and bizarre -- attempt to maintain her youthful appearance . in the latest episode of mtv 's true life , entitled ` i 'm obsessed with staying young ' , chanel details her unique skincare method .
the men were part of a group of five divers from the east coast and san francisco to hunt for abalone , a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy . witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced abalone divers who chose rough , choppy waters near several dangerous rock outcroppings to dive - instead of entering the water at the soft beach nearby . the annual abalone season brings divers out into the rough waters of northern california ,
alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to turn around and return to seattle-tacoma international airport monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help . it was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor menzies aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air . earlier , the terrified man called 911 begging the dispatcher for help coming from the cargo section of the jet . on thursday ,
the spectacular crash on saturday wrote a green lamborghini off and wrecked a red ferrari . both drivers have now been charged by the local public security bureau with dangerous driving and have been detained . the two cars are worth a combined total of # 1.3 million - which is illegal in china .
players of the online game are tasked with escaping syria - which has been ravaged by civil war and the rise of isis . the syrian journey game often ends with refugees drowning in the mediterranean or being sold to militia . twitter users reacted furiously to the game , which appeared on the bbc site last wednesday .
chamali fernando was speaking at a hustings event last night . she said wearing wristbands indicating a person 's condition would help doctors , lawyers and police officers -- because people suffering mental illnesses often struggled to explain themselves . deputy prime minister nick clegg told mailonline : ` the liberal democrats have spent many years campaigning for an end to the stigma around mental health ' .
agonda beach is one of the many relaxed stretches of shoreline along the edge of goa . russians are freezing at home , rather than sizzling in india 's flop-in-the-sun western state . the beaches are more relaxed , the restaurants and bars quieter , the accessories less shiny .
shadow health secretary warns nhs ` can not survive ' another five years . ed balls says if standards continued to decline at current rate millions more will face long waits in a&e and long waits to see gps . ambulance response times for the most serious call-outs will rise to over nine minutes , 500,000 fewer older people will receive social care .
brian karl brimager , 37 , entered his plea on friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in san diego , in connection with the death of yvonne lee baldelli . the 42-year-old woman from laguna niguel , california , was last seen in september 2011 when she arrived in panama with brimager . her family reported her missing the following january .
viv nicholson , 79 , became rich overnight when she scooped # 152,319 in 1961 . the win , on a football betting pool , would be worth up to # 5million in today 's money . the pair , from castleford , west yorkshire , splurged the cash on flash cars , designer clothes , holidays and partying - frittering away half of their wealth within four years of winning . however , tragedy struck when she died at the wheel of his blue j
joy behar and kelly ripa shared their grief on monday over the tragic death of cosmetic surgeon dr fredric brandt who hanged himself at his miami mansion on sunday . the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt 's death was a suicide by hanging . the comedian and former the view star , joy behar , tweeted : ` my heart is breaking for the loss of dr. brandt . my friend . you will be missed forever and in my heart
ed miliband 's son daniel has inadvertently waded into the row about the labour leader 's kitchen as he declared it ` the best ' in his house . the unwitting admission came as mr miliband yet again wheeled out his children for the cameras . it is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign -- once for a bbc profile , again for an interview on itv 's good morning britain .
the 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs . but james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week , putting paid to sarah 's critics .
prince harry arrived in australia on monday for his month-long secondment to the australian defence force . he struck a pose next to a redheads rule sign but refused to pose for a selfie . locals living in the tiny township of wuggubun got the surprise of their lives when prince harry turned up unannounced .
radical left syriza party says germany owes greece nearly 279billion euros , or # 204billion to compensate it for looting and war crimes . greek prime minister alexis tsipras raised the reparations issue when he met german chancellor angela merkel in berlin last month .
lily melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on instagram . uses pliers , a glue gun and some scissors to transform your 2014 wardrobe . models her updated dress , complete with necklace collar effect . matthew williamson and house of holland collections this spring .
the whole damn farm , which costs # 13.50 , is the creation of sam longhurst , head chef of splendid kitchen , manchester . he devised the mega meal - which contains two beef burgers , homemade bacon jam , ham chunks , a whole chicken thigh , barbequed pulled pork and bacon rashers .
the singer-songwriter 's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $ 1.5 million -lrb- # 1,006,303 -rrb- at auction today . in an interview published by christie 's auction house new york , mclean says american pie is about ` heading in the wrong direction ' . it has long been known that the song about ` the day the music died ' refers to february 3 , 1959 , when rock n '
jeff and joey stallings , both in their twenties , fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug , a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana . they were hospitalized on april 6 , within hours of each other , when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations , vomiting , night sweats and violent shaking . they are now facing serious - and in jeff 's case , permanent - medical issues .
thibaud jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , use a deodorant can and lighter to set the marsupial alight in rottnest island on april 3 . the men told fairfax media on saturday , ` you think we 're monsters ? we did n't hurt the quokka . we have pets at home ' . both of the tourists pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at frem
illinois rep. luis gutierrez said that if a person is arrested of detained , he or she can ` explain that under the policy in place today ' . the toolkit includes a wallet-sized card that gutierrez says should be shown to immigration officers when an undocumented immigrant is in an emergency situation .
victoria beckham posted a pic of her husband sporting some grey hairs in his beard on instragram on tuesday . with his 40th birthday just around the corner , it seems david is embracing his age with style . scott ade , a stylist at daniel hersheson believes that celebrities are responsible for the change in attitude to going grey .
researchers analysed the medical records of nearly two million people for up to ten years . those who were overweight with a bmi of 25 to 29 had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia compared to those with a healthy bmi . being underweight increased the dementia risk by 39 per cent .
the teenager from the henan province in central china has been labelled ` too beautiful too look at ' . going by the name lee hee danae , she has a shocking 400,000 followers on her weibo account . one of the comments about the underage girl has over 24,000 likes on chinese internet portal tencent .
lynn rishell 's brother 's wife , grace rishell , has opened up to say that the fbi told her about a secret $ 400,000 life insurance policy henthorn had taken out on her , too . rishell was charged with the murder of his first wife , toni bertolet , 51 , last november and police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his second wife . in both cases he was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of
warning : graphic content . milton vieira severiano , 32 , was killed by her husband after he 'd yelled at her . cicera alves de sena , 29 , belonged to a dance troop called jaula das gostozuedas . he then dumps her on the ground before grabbing her by the hair and savagely punching her in the face five times at pointblank range .
nhs is spending millions on prescriptions for suncream and toothpaste . some patients are even being given hangover tablets and yakult yogurt drinks . critics said it was ` ludicrous ' that such items were being handed out when the nhs was rationing routine treatments . figures came on the day britain was ranked only 27th in the world for health and wellness .
sharista giles of sweetwater , tennessee , was driving home from a concert in december with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover . the 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby early , a little boy the family refers to as baby l . giles has finally seen her newborn after waking up from her coma on wednesday .
a 4-foot-high , 100-pound sculpted bust of the infamous nsa whistle-blower now exiled in russia was sneaked into brooklyn 's fort greene park in the pre-dawn hours monday . animal new york , a city news website that first reported the incident , said the mysterious perpetrators were a trio of guerrilla artists . the artists spent six months and $ 30,000 working on a life-like effigy of the 31-year
education secretary nicky morgan reveals she has ordered officials to start ` mapping the pressures ' on the state schools system . comes less than six months after she told head ofsted it was not ` helpful ' to warn schools are struggling to cope with an ` influx ' of migrants . but latest figures show the number hit 298,000 in the year to september .
the family of martin richard , the youngest victim to lose his life in the april 15 , 2013 attack , headed to boylston street to help officials unveil commemorative banners . they were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers , the marathon 's colors , to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured . martin 's older brother henry and younger sister jane , who lost a leg in the explosion , helped unwrap one of the
the fast-casual chain , which plans on having 2,000 stores by the end of the year , removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in january . but fewer than five per cent of pigs in the us are raised in a way that meets chipotle 's ethical standards , according to cbs .
brae carnes of victoria , british columbia , has photographed herself over the past few months as she applies makeup and even changes in men 's public restrooms . this to protest a proposed amendment to a canadian transgender rights bill that would allow owners to make their own decisions as to whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender . a bill to grant equal rights and protections to transgender individuals has been stuck in the canadian senate for almost two years .
luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on mugga way , canberra in july 2012 . forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident . he also said the trail of faeces from the crime scene
herminia garcia , 53 , charged with ` wilful neglect ' after death of daughter . blanca cousins , 15 , fell from 19th floor of luxury apartment in hong kong . she was also arrested on suspicion of ` ill treatment ' after it emerged her birth had not been registered , but he has not been charged .
kevin dixon , 35 , took his friend 's akita-type dog for a walk to help her out . he then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal . dixon was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering . he was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals for ten years .
joshua vaughan , 17 , was last seen standing on a platform at chapeltown , sheffield , on january 7 , an inquest heard . shortly before his death , his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on facebook , saying the teen was ` going to end it ' .
scott kemery , 44 , was rushed by helicopter to stony brook university hospital on long island with first and second degree burns after he accidentally set himself on fire on tuesday . police said that kemerys , who is from bridgehampton , started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the king kullen supermarket in eastport .
thursday 's commemoration in appomattox , virginia , included a reenactment of lee 's last clash with grant 's troops and of the confederate surrender in a virginia farmhouse on april 9 , 1865 . in april 1865 , the troops were in a state of growing disarray in the hours before lee formally called it quits .
kelly kreth , 44 , told dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind . six years and 600 prison letters later , kreth says she 's learned that a person ` who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room ' .
kimberly waddell macemore , 25 , of wilkesboro , south carolina , was sentenced on tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison . the sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation . the two male students were both 17 at the time .
footage was captured by a cctv camera outside a home in woodford green , north london at 3.20 on sunday morning . just seconds later using car hacking technology , he opens the door without even using a key or smashing a window . it shows the man approach the white 4x4 and within two seconds opening the door and getting into the driver 's seat .
ben grower wrote to bournemouth borough council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping . he signed off his email with : ` that 's why i 'll be voting ukip ' . mr roberts said he was shocked by the ` petty ' reply .
` the diggers are dole bludgers ' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late january . the page claims that those in the armed forces are ` being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary ' . the admin of the page also claims that if the anzac 's fought for freedom then the page exercises the right to freedom of speech .
olive fowler was caught by police at jfk airport on april 12 after taking a caribbean airlines flight from her hometown in guyana , south america . authorities said they spotted her ` sweating profusely ' and ` avoiding eye contact with officers ' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search . after patting her down in a private room , investigators reportedly felt a ` dense hard material ' under her clothes . fowler now faces federal narcotics smuggling charges in bro
norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness . eye2tv can be plugged into any hdmi port on a tv or a computer monitor . a remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment . it allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise could n't . at the moment you can buy a single adaptor with a bluetooth remote control for # 50 -lrb- $ 75 -rrb- , with shipping expected in may 2016 .
white female student , who has not been identified , captured in snapchat photo . reasons included ` incompetent ' professors , ` overpopulated campus ' and parking . but at top of list was word ` n ***** s ' , which was captured by fellow student . university president harris pastides has announced suspension .
jericho scott , 16 , who became an internet star after being told he could n't pitch for his little league team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine , was shot dead early on sunday . scott was shot in the shoulder , hand and wrist but is now in stable condition .
the latest casualty are boxes of cadbury 's fingers which will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on . they join creme eggs , pg tips teabags and even john west tuna in the ever-increasing list of goods getting smaller . even if maths is n't your cup of tea , it 's easy to see you 're now getting fewer tea bags per pack of blend of both .
rihanna cooper , 21 , from hull , became the youngest person in britain to be accepted for gender reassignment . but part way through her treatment , the stress of her transition from male to female became too much and she called a halt to it . now , having realised she ca n't go on as a man again , rihanna is working as an escort to fund her dreams .
elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , says alaska airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor 's note clearing her to fly . she posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . the family were returning home monday after vacationing in hawaii when they were kicked off the flight .
stoke 's charlie adam picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot after noticing chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois well off his line . the shot , travelling at 45.1 mph , was hit such power that the back-pedaling goalkeeper came tumbling in after in an embarrassing moment he will want to forget .
royal commission in queensland heard from alleged victims who suffered at the hands of nuns and priests who ran the neerkol orphanage near rockhampton . ayl , who was sent to the orphanage in 1961 at the age of 10 , assumed he meant this as a reference to the broom handle to being forced to drink their own urine . the next day ayl claims baker raped her and threatened if she levelled another accusation at him again ` it wo n't be a few feet '
the pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in denver international airport last year . according to a denver police department report seen by daily mail online , the tsa received an anonymous tip in november last year that an employee had admitted to ` groping ' men who came through security . both employees were fired following the incident .
the queen , then aged 86 , was filmed ` jumping out of a plane ' during the opening ceremony of the london 2012 olympics . she still rides regularly and is an expert when it comes to defying her advancing years and maintaining a schedule that would leave people a third of her age exhausted .
kenyatta leal was one of 15 prisoners selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with silicon valley entrepreneurs . the business program teaches inmates about the internet , a phenomenon invented in the mid-90s after most of them were incarcerated . leal is lobbying investors to back the unprecedented method of criminal rehabilitation .
jade and ross morley have welcomed twins into their family . the morleys , from casuarina on the north coast of nsw , released a video to explain floyd 's condition to their friends and family . less than two years later , floyd is now a big brother to three-week-old twins , and his mum jade said that she knows the two newest additions to their family will be his biggest supporters .
former bbc economics editor made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ` secretly ' dating the labour leader when he first met his wife justine in 2004 . in a brief message on twitter yesterday she said ` very costly ' few weeks it turns out ' . it was unclear whether miss flanders was voicing regret over her relationship with mr miliband or was embarrassed by the media coverage .
margaret hesketh , 70 , went to the royal albert edward infirmary in wigan on october 28 last year with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia . medics told the family of the former factory worker that there was little they could do for the 70-year-old because she was riddled with tumours . but they claim a post-mortem found no sign of cancer in the grandmother-of-six , and that she died of pneumonia while malnourished
justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california , and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online . but following interviews , his charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' , and his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20,000 .
andrea dossena was arrested at the knightsbridge store on tuesday . the 33-year-old now plies his trade with league one strugglers leyton orient . he scored the winner against real madrid in the champions league in march 2009 . he also netted four days after that strike against manchester united .
the figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named nigel . the idea was to look at whether a person 's first name had any bearing on how they voted . three most likely to vote labour were michelle , june and andy and the least likely to were sharon .
michael slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston , south carolina , on saturday . his attorney andy savage told cbs that slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees . slager 's mother is expected to visit her son friday for the first time since the shooting .
the incident took place on friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the shangri-la hotel . the vancouver-born actor was left uninjured . he has been in the city for weeks as he shoots scenes for his new film deadpool .
the cartoons by illustrator ryan chapman have all been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause . they include : ` tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer ' and , ` more home pregnancy kits are sold in march than any other month . blame valentine 's day ' .
sir james dyson , inventor of dyson hoovers , is attempting to solve the problem by investing # 10 million in u.s.-based battery experts sakti3 . the 67-year-old entrepreneur is supporting the company as it attempts to double the battery life of our phones , electric cars and vacuums .
emma watson reached a quarter of a century yesterday , celebrating what must arguably be one of the recognisable a-lister names on the planet . now renowned for her effortless style and influential role in women 's right movements , emma has come a long way from her frizzy-haired days as harry potter 's loyal companion .
the rensselaer polytechnic institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial iraq war film . it said it will still show the oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film . following complaints from the rpi 's muslim students ' association a number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech .
the car , which was carrying 12 , crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 ford expedition to overturn saturday in martin county , florida 's atlantic coast . authorities say uriel miranda , 38 -lrb- 38 -rrb- and his 2-year-old daughter yaretsi miranda died saturday evening at a hospital . all 12 occupants were relatives from apopka and a police report indicated half of them were n't wearing seatbel
police in canada have also charged joanna flynn , a former nurse at georgian bay general hospital in ontario , with criminal negligence causing death . the 50-year-old was arrested on thursday , and it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine .
tewksbury police department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of internet malware in december before demanding money to decrypt the files . the program called cryptolocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer . it caused police systems to be down between four and five days .
melbourne-based actor , lucy gransbury , wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night . so she followed up by dropping a thank-you card and some gifts over the fence to the seven or eight men who lived there because she was ` too scared ' to knock on their door . but after a month of not hearing back from any of her boisterous neighbours , jershon witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his
tokyo 's narita airport has installed running tracks in its new terminal 3 . the cushioned running tracks were designed to celebrate the 2020 olympics . but there 's no denying that the footpaths are extremely useful regardless . the terminal will be primarily used for departures and arrivals of low-cost carriers .
the diminutive digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins . at just over a month old , he was freezing cold and perilously close to death . he was rescued by the rspca and taken to their southridge centre in hertfordshire - where he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff nero .
uss independence is resting 800m underwater off california 's farallon islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible . there also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel , scientists with the national oceanic and atmospheric administration said on thursday . the veteran ship even survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a ` target vessel ' for operation crossroads on july 1 , 1946 .
brendan rodgers was ordered to pay # 400 and # 375 costs at blackburn magistrates ' court for leaving a property in accrington to rot . the anfield boss left a # 69,950 terrace house with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden . rodgers and his business partner judith o'hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by hyndburn council .
samantha cameron , 43 , has described her music as ` rhythm-driven sex noise ' and says the digital effects she uses to modify her broken-hearted vocals are ` like taking drugs for your voice ' . her marriage broke up several years ago after she had a child , and her lyrics have a tendency towards violent , sexual imagery .
henry howes narrowly failed to pick up a despicable me toy as he played the notoriously difficult claw game at his local swimming pool in tamworth , staffordshire . he put his hand inside the machine 's hatch but when he reached too far , he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside . his nine-year-old brother harvey witnessed the accident , so was able to call their mother emma .
professional florist serenata flowers can make your blooms last a lot longer . trim a half-inch of the lower stem so that water can be absorbed freely . use a sharp , unserrated knife and cut on a slant - exposing more surface area . hang the flowers upside down to dry before returning to the vase .
sydney man michael munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to the love of his life , melissa . some users were not entirely convinced by mr munday 's plea for help , describing his messages as ` creepy and inappropriate ' . it appears the break up was initiated by melissa as he wrote : ' i deserve a second chance . l did n't do it ' .
dr unt tun maung , 43 , was working as a locum gp when he assaulted the patient during a routine examination at a teesside medical centre in 2012 . the father-of-one , of chester-le-street , county durham , has now lost everything because of a ` moment of madness ' .
research analysed dna from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in sweden between 1973 and 2009 . it found sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were four to five times more likely to be convicted of similar crimes than men in the general population . genetic factors were also found to be stronger for child molestation -lrb- 46 per cent -rrb- than for adult rape .
ukip candidate kim rose is being investigated by police over claims he tried to ` corruptly influence ' voters by giving them sausage rolls . the 57-year-old is running for nigel farage 's party in southampton itchen . mr rose branded police involvement as ` absolutely ridiculous ' .
kim kardashian visited armenian church st james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city on monday . she took her family to the site to baptise their nearly two-year-old daughter north . kim took to instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the holy building .
greater manchester police chadderton division revealed a man lodged a complaint that the weather on his holiday was ` too hot ' . there was a warning that such an offence can carry a maximum punishment of six months ' imprisonment and/or a fine . the 44-year-old man had recently returned to the uk from a holiday in algeria .
german police are investigating whether a woman lied about being related to a victim of last month 's germanwings air disaster . the airline 's parent company lufthansa organised special flights for victims ' families after the crash in the french alps . the halterner zeitung newspaper said she flew to the region twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher 's cousins . meanwhile passengers have laid flowers for the victims of the crash at the airport in dusse
jared quirk , 18 , was in athens with classmates from rockland , massachusetts , to see the ancient world . but fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends , for reasons which are not yet clear . quirk played basketball , baseball , and football at rockland high school , who also died in the past six months .
angela morales was diagnosed with anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull . but sonia and her husband rony , who live in providence , rhode island , decided to ` keep her no matter what ' . they were prepared that they may lose angela from the moment she was born .
in a leaked memo from apple 's angela ahrendts , the retail chief said that customers wo n't be able to buy an apple watch in store ` through the month of may ' . it was expected to launch on 24 april , but the firm gets ` closer to in-store availability ' .
tories could cut child benefit or stop millions of families receiving it . michael gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit to reduce the deficit . former education secretary said tories would not cut benefits for disabled or pensioners -- but refused to rule out cuts to pensioners .
bosnian town of buzim is home to more than 200 sets of twins . local journalist nedzib vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war . samed and sara dizdarevic live in the town which has a far higher than normal rate of multiple births .
tilly meowing in distress as he threw her against the door was played . he claimed he was ` accidentally ' high on ` white rhino ' - super-strength cannabis . rspca inspectors found her that she had to be put to sleep . owner sarah reeves , 19 , was also given a ten-year ban from keeping animals .
a private eye hospital in harley street says that increasing numbers of people are seeking its help after being given bad advice or poor treatment elsewhere . it says it is now time for the industry to be ` taken to task ' . almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication.most operations are done privately , with patients paying up to # 5,000 to have both eyes corrected .
mohammed khubaib , originally from pakistan , befriended girls and then ` hooked ' them with alcohol - normally vodka - in an attempt to make them ` compliant ' to sexual advances . the 43-year-old married businessman , who lived in peterborough with his wife and children , would pursue his interest ` away from his home and family ' .
the 918 spyder clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead-straight stretch of road on the stuart highway , north of alice springs . the car was driven by new zealand professional race car driver craig baird , who switches the vehicle into ` race hybrid ' and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the unrestricted zone .
stephanie scott was due to get married to her partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley . police will begin an autopsy on ms scott 's body to determine how she was killed . this comes after it has emerged detectives who are leading the investigation into the accused killer will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the netherlands .
elephants are often seeing travelling single file , using their trunk to hold onto another mammal 's tail in front of them . captured at whipsnade zoo , the video shows keepers assisting six elephants along a path -- five of which walk in single file . as the first three elephants move from the shot , the fourth -- a smaller elephant -- is flanked by a baby .
thousands of japanese-americans , groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house 's facebook page . the items from the collection of ` dean of american crafts ' allen eaton were slated for public auction on friday at the rago auction house in lambertville , new jersey . the auction was halted thanks , in part , to the efforts of takei , who lived in an internment camps in arkansas as a
sign written in ancient greek and latin warning cyclists not to leave their bikes chained to railings in cambridge . message contains grammatical errors , according to one expert . it warns that bikes will be ` removed or destroyed ' if they are left behind a building previously used by the greek orthodox church .
the 42-year-old 's slender frame was clearly visible and a sharply defined set of muscles on show . the royal also used the occasion to début a sharp new bob haircut . letizia , who is recently returned from copenhagen , posed for photos alongside some of the other winners .
tesco does still have the biggest share of the lucrative market , research by kantar shows . leader has improved its market share in the increasingly fashionable premium ale market , but it 's believed aldi is luring customers away from tesco , offering a smaller range but cheaper prices . to use an example of the difference in price , . they use the example in price . they costs # 1.24 and waitrose and # 1 1.65 at morrisons .
veteran cbs news ` face the nation ' moderator bob schieffer announced tuesday at the texas journalism school named for him that he 'll be retiring this summer . it 's not his first retirement but , at age 78 , looks like it has a good chance of sticking .
nancy kanwisher , a professor at the massachusetts institute of technology , shaved her head during a lesson about different brain regions . she then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off , with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector . the clip was posted on the scientist 's brain talks website .
female jihadis shown practising with machine guns and learning how to march as a unit . all of the women are fully veiled , making it hard to identify individuals but it is possible the group may be linked to islamic state . video opens with band of female jihadi marching along sloped road in syria .
grace rebecca mann , 20 , was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in fredericksburg , virginia on friday . local reports say mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat , however police have not commented on the cause of death . the fourth roommate of the house , steven vander briel , 30 , was home when the two women stumbled upon the body , but ran out of the house
mohammed emwazi , now known as jihadi john , planned to join al-shabaab . but changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group members . instead he travelled to syria where he joined islamic state and became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online .
newington college in sydney 's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations . headmaster david mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on monday . he said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward .
mike and susan fortuna of shelburne , vermont , sued botox maker allergan last week , accusing them of failing to warn of dangers , negligence and breach of the vermont consumer fraud act . their lawyer said 7-year-old joshua drake developed epilepsy after getting botox injections for his leg spasms caused by cerebral palsy . the last set of injections occurred on september 5 , 2014 , approximately three weeks prior to her death , according to
mackenzie moretter , of shakopee , minnesota , had a tenth birthday party on saturday that she 'll never forget after hundreds of strangers showed up to celebrate with her . her parents had sent invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates , but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not rsvp . so mackenzie 's mother went on facebook and posted in several groups asking families with girls around her age to stop by their family home to
french photographer floriane de lassee finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping . she has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years , and she had a book published filled with pictures of the cities that never sleep in 2008 . the city exceeds the overflow .
richard graham , who is fighting to retain the marginal seat of gloucester , faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the high court to take down twitter posts a court case . the old etonian was accused of posting the tweets to ` ingratiate himself ' with voters by ` whipping up local feeling ' about the forthcoming case concerning the killing of a teenager .
dog one got it right in 98.7 % of cases , while for dog two this was 97.6 % . department of urology at the humanitas clinical and research centre in milan involved two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without . dr claire guest said the findings as ` spectacular ' .
teresa swarbrick , known affectionately to her friends and family as etch , died on april 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near julian rocks off the coast of nsw . the mother of two , from western sydney , was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water . lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with cpr .
five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants , mainly from other parts of africa . police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes , and last night in parts of johannesburg officers formed a human barrier to keep the two sides apart .
rumours suggest apple is about to abandon these plans by skipping the launch of a 6s this autumn in favour of going straight for the iphone 7 . this difference may seem slight , but it suggests the next model could be substantial improvement on the 6s . it recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures , but additionally tracks the pressure of a person 's click and responds accordingly . apple released its ios 8.3 update yesterday and 300 new emojis , including the much-anticipated
rebecca sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in lakeland , florida in september 2013 , according to a new lawsuit . the following month , the polk county sheriff 's office said she likely killed herself following ` malicious harassment ' from two schoolmates , katelyn roman , 12 , and guadalupe shaw , 13 . both girls , who were students at crystal lake middle school , were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking and
a pair of turkey-sized ` egg thief lizards ' dubbed romeo and juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock in the mid-90s . palaeontologists led by scott persons believe they can tell males and females apart from certain tail bones . one is a complete skeleton , while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail . they suggest male oviraptors had broader and longer chevron bones
footage shows men kneeling in middle of dusty road in deir ez-zor , syria . each of the men are forced on to their hands and knees in war-torn street . comes just one day after extremist group claim to have shot and beheaded 30 ethiopian christians in libya .
viewers at home were less dazzled by miss wendy 's false mouth trick . rspca yesterday said it would be contacting britain 's got talent ` to ascertain what methods were used ' in the performance . simon cowell thought the act was incredible and even called his girlfriend lauren to tell her about it .
claudetteia love , a senior and one of the top students at carroll high in monroe , louisiana , said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends . though a petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow love to wear a tuxedo , it was not acted on by school faculty . love 's mother , geraldine jackson , said taylor told her they would n't supervise the
noelle reno , 31 , has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death . she confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her fourth-floor flat window in london 's marylebone on to the railings below .
people with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder -lrb- rbd -rrb- move around in their sleep and ` act out ' their dreams . up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition within a decade of being diagnosed , livescience reports . people with rbd describe having vivid dreams , and they act them out theatrically while asleep .
preston wright , 23 , killed his girlfriend , sarah owen , 21 , after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman . eyewitnesses said that owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated . officers from norman police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother 's girlfriend had been in a confrontation .
two armed robbers used a sledgehammer and an axe to try and smash their way into a jewellery shop in pemberton , greater manchester . a brave employee barricaded the door to the premises , and they proceeded to flee on a motorbike . a passer-by captured photographs of the two criminals , and police have appealed for the public to help them identify the offenders .
the city of naypyidaw is shrouded in secrecy after the government decided to move the capital from yangon . since then , although developed to be the size of 120 manhattans and to have space for up to one million residents , it remains a relative ghost town . official records state the population is just over 924,000 , though any photographs taken would beg to differ .
sidonie , a well-known spanish band from catalonia , created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent ryanair flight to santiago de compostela . the group explained that they composed the tune after experiencing a ` lack of respect ' from flight attendants .
julie walters , 49 , posed as a council warden and a church official . she pretended to be a trusted official to dupe elderly residents in sheltered housing complexes to steal from vulnerable residents . she was caught by police after she was spotted on cctv loitering in the communal hall of a retirement property near to the old trafford football ground in manchester before an 80-year-old woman were fleeced in two separate attacks . today she was jailed for two and
the a-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed . combine navy and black , but they 're shaking it up for spring by injecting another colour into their wardrobes . victoria beckham and rita ora ca n't get enough of it .
hundreds of tourists had to be evacuated from warwick castle after a flaming cannonball set alight . the big display ended in catastrophe when sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby ancient boathouse . witness heather taylor , 42 , who had travelled from birmingham with her son ethan to watch the cannonball launch , described the panic as the incident unfolded .
air malta jet was tracked by flightradar24.com as it took off . final section skidded around malta , with final section landing in malta . arrivals ' board provided some clues as to the reason behind the unusual flight path with the status ` just married ' placed beside flight km 14jc .
todd phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during sunday 's inaugural indy grand prix of louisiana . as the dale coyne racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he 's okay . it was later reported that he was mowed down by the car of francesco dracone , who
a recent surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group stay in cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine . we need not be discouraged by the sight of these brainless , boneless creatures that have been around for 500 million years . with the warmer months comes a surge in the number of jellyfish , such as this barrel variety at kynance cove , off the uk 's coastline .
puren was the youngest brother of the final qing monarch puyi , who ruled for four years until 1912 . the 96-year-old died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia in february . he had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years .
the duchess of cambridge has revealed that prince george went looking for his father in the cupboards after being told he was ` in china ' . kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the luxury hotel she stayed in the night before her wedding to william in 2011 .
mikaela jane davidson was welcomed into the world april 4 , less than three months after her father , dr. michael davidson , was shot dead at a boston hospital . dr. davidson had been expecting his fourth child with his wife , who is seven months pregnant , it has emerged .
hamza parvez , 22 , still has n't found a wife and has been living with a group of unmarried fighters . he recently moved back to the islamic state de-facto capital city of raqqa , syria , in search of love . his friend abu mariya al-belgiki remains a frustrated bachelor .
families across the country descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones , burning fake paper money and leaving their favourite food . as part of the qingming festival -- which means ` pure brightness ' -- china celebrates the coming spring and the beauty of nature .
shadow welsh secretary owen smith said : ` we view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment ' . but party has committed to maintaining the deterrent , which will need to be replaced in the coming years . tories have warned that labour could ` sell out ' britain in a deal with the snp which wants to scrap trident .
labour 's party has jumped to 35 per cent , up one point from last month . tories remain stuck on 33 per cent according to the pollsters ipsos mori . only a third of the public see the labour leader as a ` capable leader ' . david cameron also ahead for having ' a clear vision ' for the country .
service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming . comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .
the first president to visit jamaica in three decades was met by prime minister portia simpson-miller . obama promptly embraced the local color by making an unscheduled late night visit to the museum dedicated to the island 's most famous son . at the same time marley 's hit song ` one love ' played over the loudspeaker .
chrissy teigen showed off her stretch marks in an instagram post . the singer hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to a charity event alongside her husband carey hart . pink took to twitter to speak out against those who had commented on her weight at an event she attended to support a doctor friend .
the hmas choules has been employed by the navy to hand the vietnamese nationals back to their communist government . it is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in april and are being returned through the port of vung tau . the $ 100 million vessel has an average running cost of $ 201,621 each day .
liam dawe , 21 , was born a healthy child but suffered serious and on-going health complications ever since he was assaulted as a four week old . he died at derriford hospital in plymouth in march last year from ` intra-abdominal sepsis ' after developing cerebral palsy following the assault . police are considering manslaughter charges after he was violently shaken as a baby .
former virginia gov. bob mcdonnell made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th u.s. circuit court of appeals . he was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife , maureen , to one year and a day , but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals . ceo jonnie williams testified under an immunity deal , admitting that he paid the governor with lavish perks in exchange for helping him secure university backing for his ` miracle cure
police were forced to separate the reclaim australia supporters and opponents of the group in melbourne after clashes turned ugly . several people had to be treated by paramedics . the protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal must pay fees to islamic organisations for inspection and certification . recent figures show the halal sector could be worth $ 1.5 trillion worldwide by 2050 .
remy dufrene , 3 , of raceland , louisiana , was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk . the old woman tried to chase after the young boy , but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch . his father searched for the boy 's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch .
stewens at windsor castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties . main role includes meeting and greeting visitors , conducting security searches and handing out free audio guides . public and commercial services union has voted ` overwhelmingly ' in favour of industrial action after complaining they have suffered ` years of pay restraint ' .
police arrested 53 people as pro-cannabis protestors gathered to call for the drug to be legalised in london 's hyde park . dramatic images captured the moment four officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man near the entrance to the park . crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual ' 420 ' event - a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws .
more than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014 . out of every # 100 spent by these western nations on overseas aid , no less than # 14 now comes from the uk . overall across these 28 countries aid budgets fell by 0.5 per cent in real terms .
the 40-year-old 's son cooper blue and daughter kingsley rainbow were born on monday via a surrogate . dylan , who is the founder and ceo of popular confectionery chain dylan 's candy bar , revealed in this week 's issue of the magazine that she chose a surrogate because it 's a ` wonderful option ' .
tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon . but at a track meet in eugene , oregon a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate . simon , who is in his senior year , defeated simon by a tenth of a second .
around 160,000 made the journey last year , often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels . nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of libya . new tragedy emerged as statistics showed number of migrants dying in the mediterranean has increased ten-fold this year .
coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections , especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked . in fact , festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu , norovirus , salmonella , and even hepatitis a . this is the first year that coachella has installed permanent restrooms , instead of setting up notoriously dirty portable toilets .
google wallet says it has changed its policy when storing users ' funds as they will now be federally-insured . for those who use google wallet , their money just became safer with federal-level insurance . currently , google 's user agreement says funds are not protected by the fdic . but with the new change to its policy , funds in wallet balance are protected if anything were to happen to the company like bankruptcy .
immigration from africa and the caribbean has been increasing in recent years . foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980 , but they accounted for 8.7 per cent in 2013 . most of the immigrants are from jamaica and haiti .
lawyers have warned that the differences in defamation law in northern ireland mean controversial us expose hbo 's ` going clear ' might not be broadcast by sky atlantic . alex gibney-directed film , which alleges abusive practices at the religion 's us headquarters , was due to premiere in the uk earlier this month to coincide with its american release . but the fact that sky is not subject to the 2013 defamation act means sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely .
celebrity residents and good commuter links have made esher in surrey the country 's number one income tax hotspot . those living in the esher and walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year . they paid the most income tax in 2012/13 , with bills averaging # 16,900 , almost four times the national average of # 4,363 .
iraqi forensic teams have described how they wept as they began to excavate 12 graves , believed to be the final resting place of as many as 1,700 soldiers . deaths showed iraqis that islamic state fighters , who have also attacked ethnic and religious minorities , were a threatening new kind of foe .
jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago . the 18-year-old is just under $ 4,000 away from achieving his $ 80,000 target . he has raised the majority of the money needed to fund his life-saving surgery . friends of jackson thanked the thousands of people who have made donations .
afzal khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms . federal agents hunting the 32-year-old , originally from edinburgh , fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $ 20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . khan , known to his clients as ` bobby ' , opened the emporio motor group in new jersey in 2013 and maintained a high profile .
nicolas diaz , 81 , allegedly stabbed to death his granddaughter 's ex-boyfriend , kevin rivera , 21 , at their home in brooklyn , new york , on sunday . diaz wanted to break up the fight , relatives said . mr rivera was an unemployed musician , with a knife , before fleeing the scene .
girl has been sexually assaulted by a boy of the same age in the classroom and playground of her school in blackburn , lancashire , because the age of criminal responsibility in england is ten . the girl 's mother has also blasted school authorities after officials refused to remove the boy from her daughter 's class .
eight judges of the european court of human rights found russia was justified in deporting a 45-year-old man for breaking immigration laws . robert muradeli had never committed a crime or any other offence more serious than traffic violations . it follows years of tory frustration over ease with which illegal immigrants and foreign criminals can dodge deportation or delay it for years .
the search for jennie anne kehlet , 49 , and raymond keith keith , 47 , has continued . the couple were last seen on march 22 in an area called table top near the gold prospecting and mining town of sandstone . police are focusing on a search area of 625 square kilometres so far .
timothy norris-jones , 59 , assaulted his 92-year-old mother at her house . he left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist . he was arrested after the victim 's carer returned home and called the police . judge noel lucas branded the attack ` horrific ' and spared him jail .
drugs charity re-solv has called on footballer raheem sterling to apologise . video appears to show liverpool and england winger breathing in the gas nitrous oxide before apparently passing out as giggling friends look on . sterling is not the first player to have been accused of using the drug .
levar jones , 36 , has no criminal record and was on his way home from his job at a subway café . he said the horror of his own shooting was brought home by the death of walter scott last week . he told daily mail online he wanted to see non-lethal methods introduced for police , new training in them , and supported bodycams for officers .
kim copeland , 52 , was walking home from her local sainsbury 's store in coventry when she threw the used cigarette on the ground . two council officers came ` sprinting ' towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence . miss copeland was then issued with a # 50 fixed penalty notice following the incident in october last year , but refused to pay it within ten days .
the cannabinoid , also known as ` k2 ' or ` mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri . new york governor andrew cuomo said friday that ` spice ' is sweeping the city , with 160 people admitted to hospital in the nine days from april 8 , 120 of them in one week . symptoms can range from confusion , drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate , seizures and loss of consciousness
annabel karmel has shred her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables . ninety percent of children go through at least one lengthy stage of fussy eating . giving your children a limited number of foods will only escalate their fussiness and deprive them of the essential nutrients they need to grow and develop .
alison saunders looked increasingly fragile as she faced growing calls to stand down . campaigners , police chiefs and mps accused her of failing to clear the stench of an establishment cover-up that lingers over the case . even her one of her predecessors said horrific allegations should have been resolved in the ` full public glare of a courtroom ' .
reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars can run for . sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable . reports were made by alistair barr in the wall street journal . google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former apple battery expert dr ramesh bhardwaj began leading a testing team .
culture and media secretary sajid javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography . he promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the uk as well as abroad . if porn websites fail to comply , they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties .
russell brand has appealed to his nine million twitter followers to sign up to the mercy campaign to save condemned bali nine duo from facing death row . brand posted that the australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad . brand also encouraged his fans to attend an exhibition of sukumaran 's work organised by his cousin who lives in london .
women 's rowing team beat cambridge -- inspiring their male colleagues to win for the third time running in the 161st race . the women 's race has been held since 1927 further up river at henley , but after years of campaigning for equal billing , they were finally given equality with the men .
brittany cherokee dawn bell of bartlesville , oklahoma , was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter . the charge of child neglect was pursued by authorities over homicide as the medical examiner 's office could not determine the cause of death . while bell slept on the couch , baby alice somehow suffocated on the floor nearby .
dutch and canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else . they also believed that the person they were with was warmer and more likeable . one possible explanation is that chewing raises levels of the ` feel-good ' brain chemical serotonin .
lib dem danny alexander could be given a peerage in a bid to keep him in his treasury post in a second coalition . he would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the snp surge which is set to take the seats of many of scotland 40 labour and 11 lib dem mps on may 7 . one plan said to be under consideration by the party , is to keep the 42-year-old mp as chief secretary to the treasury by giving him a lifetime
warning : graphic content . francis pusok , 30 , is seen falling off the horse he was suspected of stealing . seconds later , two deputies catch up to pusok and stun him with tasers . they then stun him again , and again , as lies splayed face-down on ground . as camera keeps rolling , officers apparently kick suspect in head and crotch . now , san bernardino county sheriff john mcmahon has placed 10 deputies on paid administrative leave for their alleged roles in
churchill downs , which hosts the annual kentucky derby on may 2 has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees . other events such as the coachella and lollapalooza music festivals also have banned the photo aids . churchill downs encourages selfies and the avalanche of social media attention they can generate .
spanish artist catalina viejo , 31 , paints miniature pictures of famous bottoms , including kim kardashian , katy perry , miley cyrus , rihanna and beyoncé . in total , the artist has completed 42 miniature works , which cost up to $ 90 -lrb- # 60 -rrb- each .
robert de niro , 71 , said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be ` no surprises ' . he was joined by american producer and tribeca film festival co-founder jane rosenthal . she also gave her backing to the ex-first lady , saying : ` she 's smart , has run things before ' .
the uk-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world . this was a ` sophisticated and carefully planned ' scam which had bases in north-east lincolnshire and sussex . one group based in southern england was headed by neil gilbert , 42 , who made up to # 60,000 a week selling unlicensed and counterfeit drugs to unsuspecting customers .
elena udrea , 41 , was investigated over claims during her time as tourism minister . she was indicted along with seven other people , including the country 's former economy minister ion ariton , who was charged with abuse of power . prosecutors in bucharest revealed details of the investigation . she is a close ally of former president traian basescu .
face wipes have been part of our beauty regime for years . but there are a new range of wipes now that promise to not only remove eyeliner and mascara , but also retexturise and brighten skin . infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids , as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice .
abdul hadi arwani was killed by a hitman who climbed into the back of his car . the 48-year-old was lured to an upmarket street in london on the pretence of providing a quote for some building work . but when the imam arrived , the killer got into the rear seat of his volkswagen passat and shot him several times .
britt mchenry , a washington d.c.-based sports reporter for espn , has been suspended from her position . the 28-year-old , who hails from new jersey , had her car towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in arlington , virginia , and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera .
harry wilson was convinced terrorists campaigning for welsh independence would target charles -- then 20 -- at the caernarfon castle ceremony . classified documents obtained by the mail on sunday under freedom of information laws show the government sent metropolitan police officers to wales in the lead-up to the ceremony .
` scum ' sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in aberdeen . a ` q ' was also added to the blue front door , which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy . comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced .
the suspect , who has n't been named , was quickly apprehended but not before he had driven the best part of a mile , abandoned the car and attempted to flee on foot . birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of memphis street in wylam around 8:45 a.m. on sunday . the 28-year-old suspect was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed in the back of a police cruiser .
scientists have for the first time been able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of the radioactive element lawrencium . the rare metal currently sits at the bottom of the periodic table at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides , which sit in a separate block from the main table . but the results of new research suggest the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium , which may fuel arguments that it would be better placed in the main
the maps were designed by the world bank 's world development indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures . indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk , including orangutans and critically endangered sumatran tigers and rhinos . in mexico , the loss of habitat as a result of agriculture and fishing has already driven many species close to extinction .
richardson coleman , 29 , turned herself in to police saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder after running down 24-year-old beatrice ` dee ' spence and her uncle in her 2004 white dodge durango . spence 's mother , danika , had been frying chicken and cooking macaroni and cheese , but left the kitchen in a rush to help her daughter .
yale university 's interactive map allows you to click on a location and see common phrases for a region , as well as its source . while the map focuses on the us , it also has a small amount of data for the uk , with sentences such as ` yer lugs needs washed ' used in scotland and ` ne mon nule don hum no good ' in aylesbury .
ryan skivington from staining near blackpool took pets , called ant and dec . he also damaged a tv and ipad worth # 740 during the attack on february 12 . the 26-year-old admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs at blackpool magistrates court .
monsour alshammari , 27 , is in the u.s. on a saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country 's royal family . he was arrested on friday at the border near san diego . he is set to be extradited back to utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in february .
callum butler , 42 , had enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks into his mother 's pregnancy . in the weeks and months that followed , he underwent heart surgery , a lumbar puncture , laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions . his mother amanda was later told an infection she had , called bacterial vaginosis , was to blame . bv affects one in three women , making it twice as common as thrush .
madonna 's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan , the word ` dealer ' spelled out in bling diamond lettering . sharing the snap of her new bag on instagram on sunday , the pop legend wrote , ` dealers choice ! my favorite new bag by mawi ! ' .
rupert brooke 's poem the soldier made him famous outside of literary circles . when the newspapers reprinted the soldier the following day , he became properly famous for the rest of his life -- which as it turned out lasted just over a fortnight . now lorna c. beckett has turned them into a chronological narrative , adding the background information we need , plus her own comments .
the map was created using data from nasa 's tropical rainfall measuring mission satellite , and the orbview-1 / microlab satellite . areas with the largest number of flashes - up to 150 per square kilometre - are shown in bright pink . the higher frequency over land is because solid earth absorbs sunlight and heats up faster than water , so there is greater atmospheric instability .
former australian prime minister kevin rudd and his wife therese rein have said goodbye to their family home in brisbane 's east of more than 20 years . the two-storey property is a striking queenslander , aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features and weatherboard panelling . the house was snatched up by applied economics professor uwe dulleck , who already owns a home in the area with his wife monica . the rudd 's paid $ 116
sarah hulbert wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at bates college in lewiston . the 59-year-old claims she has suffered a financial loss and a human loss due to ` gender discrimination ' and seeks compensatory damages at a jury trial .
the mail on sunday was voted sunday newspaper of the year for a third year in a row . judges gave the award to the mail on wednesday ahead of fellow nominees the sunday times and independent . they also praised our all-round quality that , week after week , sets the agenda and forces daily newspapers to chase our big exclusives .
kim rose , 57 , was alleged to have bribed voters with sausage rolls . but he was never arrested or charged and will face no further action . mr rose , who is standing in a key marginal seat in southampton itchen , says he believes the furore could help him win his seat .
the youngster 's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on merrimac drive , langley park , as usual on sunday evening since it 's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment . but when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning it had reportedly disappeared . prince george 's county police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot .
cathleen hackney , 56 , is on trial at stoke-on-trent crown court . she allegedly told two different funeral directors that there were no objections , including from her former spouse , to her son being cremated . as a result no-one attended the early morning cremation of paul moreland in december 2010 after it happened without his father 's knowledge .
trinity culley from fingringhoe , essex , used knowledge she gained from watching the baby-birthing programme against her parents ' wishes . but when her mother dee culley 's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule she sprang into action . she calmly collected towels and reassured her mum everything would be okay .
the caribbean island , north-east of cuba , was tops in tripadvisor 's travellers ' choice awards for 2015 . edging maui in hawaii and roatan in honduras also made the top 20 . golden beaches and rugged mountains made the list of the world 's best islands .
khloe , 30 , has been showcasing blonder locks , a flawless face and honed physique in recent weeks . she recently revealed she 's lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime . khloe showcased her squat skills by holding up a barbell , which had 25 pound bright yellow weights on each side of the 45 pound bar .
the images were captured by the dawn probe from 28,000 miles -lrb- 45,000 km -rrb- away . they show variations in surface materials and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it . the latest images are the closest taken yet , and suggest that the icy body was likely once fully active . last month , scientists said this pair of mysterious bright spots could be towering ` water volcanoes ' .
alexandra allen , 17 , from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria , which is so rare it affects just 35 people in the world . showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation . the symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure , reports deseret news .
the three men are sat with their backs turned away from the gunmen . flanked by gun-wielding fighters , the unidentified prisoners were pushed onto the beige landscape . they were forced to sit on the ground with their hands clasped behind their backs . as their lifeless bodies collapsed onto the ground , plumes of dust shot into the air .
mother and ten ducklings waddled into office in sutton coldfield , west midlands . but they did n't bargain for the ducks following them back to their office . they ushered the family of ducks out of a back door to safety . resourcer melissa patrick , 18 , filmed the amusing episode on her mobile phone .
jason mcdonald , 34 , from aurora , colorado , walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more than 50 alligators . crematory manager said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures . mr mcdonald has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes .
authorities ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in telangana . the virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry after it spread from asia into europe and africa in 2005-2006 . since then , india has regularly reported cases of highly pathogenic avian influenza in wild and domestic birds .
tony hatch and jackie trent were married for more than three decades . so when trent died last month aged 74 after a long battle with cancer , hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye . but the mail on sunday can reveal that hatch was banned from the funeral by trent 's second husband , colin gregory . he says that not only did she never forgive hatch for the infidelity that ended their marriage , but she believed to her dying
farryn johnson has said the baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her getting blonde highlights . johnson claimed in an interview with wbal , ' i decided to put highlights in my hair , blonde in particular . and when i came in to work , management was not happy about the highlights being added to my hair ' . an arbitrator recently ruled in johnson 's favor .
the white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east tibet after researchers set up camera traps . officially named macaca leucogenys , it earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face .
scientists around the world are bracing themselves for the results of a study by china that has introduced dna changes to reproductive cells . although the scientific paper is yet to be published , the scientific world is abuzz with rumours that the work has been carried out . many scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea , for fear it could be misused to allow parents to ` select ' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren .
the technology paves the way for london 's underground platforms . iphone users on ee will find their calls and texts automatically connect through the internet when they have no service signal . rival networks , including o2 and three , offer apps in order to make calls over wi-fi - similar to the skype service .
jessica kensky and patrick downes have joined the appeals calling for dzhokar tsarnaev to be sentenced to life in prison rather than death . the couple 's statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy , martin richard , who was killed in the blast .
ruben costa , 35 , pleaded guilty to impersonating a police officer to ` deviously ' track down his wife and child at a women 's refuge . the incident occurred when the northern territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him , taking their son and possessions . costa was only handed a two-month suspended sentence .
officer jared forsyth , 33 , had been a member of the ocala police department since 2012 . incident occurred about 3.30 pm monday at a gun range at the lowell correctional institution . police chief greg graham said : ` jared was a great guy . he had a true servant 's heart ' .
avril lavigne , 30 , started noticing symptoms such as fatigue and shortness of breath , but did n't know what was plaguing her . turns out the complicated hit maker was suffering from lyme disease , which comes from a tick bite . she was bedridden for five months - because she was trying to recover from the disease .
the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the most provocative hotel in the world . situated just steps from the famed moulin rouge , this pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess . there are three categories of rooms in the hotel : deluxe , junior suites and two stunning apartments .
german discounter has won an increasing share of the market since the recession as cash-strapped families look for cheaper alternatives . it now lags behind only the ` big four ' -- tesco , asda , sainsbury 's , morrisons and the co-operative .
the 29-year-old sports illustrated star is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session and says : ` bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week . stretchies say hi ! ' . since then hundreds of other women have rushed to join the wife of john legend , proudly posting photographs of their own stretch marks to instagram .
nhs health scotland says more action is needed to tackle ` hazardous alcohol consumption in young people ' . move would apply in pubs , clubs , supermarkets and off-licences . professor sir ian gilmore , chairman of alcohol health alliance uk , said he would welcome the minimum age being set at 21 now .
gabrielle yinka saunders , 32 , used company credit cards to pay for # 10,000 wedding , as well as # 5,000 honeymoon in the seychelles . she was arrested at heathrow when she returned from the honeymoon - but now she has been spared jail even though a court heard she had been convicted of fraud twice previously .
darwin woman natalia moon moved to the philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress . the 23-year-old landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid , also named natalia , in the new sitcom ` ismol family ' . the aussie , born natalie stewart , has taken to the role with lavish , overcoming the added challenge of performing in a new language .
the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry embraced the sports luxe trend as she navigated the concrete jungle with a friend . the british royal , who is currently working in new york , looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and nike hoodie , which she pulled over her short , dark tresses .
students at melbourne high school were drinking from a bubbler dispensing recycled water for more than a year . principal tim hogan admitted that ` class a ' recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain . the other 20 bubblers at the school have been tested and none show traces of recycled water .
michelle manhart , 38 , was handcuffed by police at valdosta state university , georgia , and driven off in a patrol car . video footage of the event shows manhart struggling with officers , who force her to the ground after she refuses to let the flag go . manhart says the flag belongs to ` the entire united states ' .
lawyers hired by drug rehab network narcocon have argued that trout run , a property in frederick county , maryland , has historic significance because president herbert hoover once caught a fish at the site . opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous .
the two-storey fantasy café is located in downtown hangzhou , zhejiang province . by charging a one yuan -lrb- 11p -rrb- ` air-purifying fee ' per person , the café hopes customers will pay more attention to the growing pollution issue facing china .
lib dem leader promised to ` spread the burden ' of deficit reduction . he scaled back plans for a mansion tax amid concern it could cost party support in key seats in affluent parts of london . but he mocked george osborne 's insistence that another # 12billion can be found from the welfare budget .
marc macrae was election agent for snp 's westminster leader angus robertson . he said party showed compassion for lockerbie bomber but ostracised him . he has not even contacted him to ask how treatment has gone , he claimed . mr robersson is co-ordinating nationalists ' general election campaign .
benefits street in stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of benefits street . viewers were split in opinion last year with many accusing producers of promoting ` poverty tourism ' . but local people claim housing bosses are trying to perpetuate a false image of the area , by giving it a makeover before the programme is aired .
robert kirkland , who founded the home decor store that bears his last name , died on saturday morning in union city , tennessee , from complications stemming from kidney failure . he donated the money to found the discovery park of america education center and tourist attraction in 35 states . he grew up the son of retailers who owned and operated a ben franklin five and dime store .
tabitha anne bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey , florida . bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses , pasco county sheriff 's officials said . she is accused of sending a facebook message to the girl on april 12 .
the mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over portland rock , an island off the coast of weymouth . the group included renowned professional trial bike riders jack gear , 25 , and joe seddon , 19 , who were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below .
robyn exton , 28 , is the founder of dattch -lrb- her -rrb- a lesbian dating app . she came out to her friends and family as bisexual in her 20s but struggled to find a girlfriend . she decided to create her own app when the ones that were available were n't up to the job .
the louisiana state university students were found with nearly 2,000 beers , ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine on the i-10 in mobile county . harrison coogan , and hunter coker , both 18 , and 19-year-olds carson buckner and brandon barber , told sheriff 's deputies they were heading to spring break celebrations in gulf shores .
mikenzy snell and matt pliska , from waupaca , michigan , spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' . since the news outlet first shared the picture of matt and mikenzy on its facebook page on march 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked the image .
jenna louise driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality , along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug . the 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him . police had allegedly issued a warrant for her arrest after she failed to appear in court on april 7 .
model-turned-jihadist sharky jama has reportedly been killed in syria . the melbourne man 's father , dada jama , confirmed his death to sbs radio . the department of foreign affairs was unable to confirm sharky 's death as its capacity to do so was ` extremely limited ' .
marie csaszar , 45 , died last september following a 10-year battle with a brain tumour . she had worked at the bbc 's financial centre in cardiff as a contracts manager . but her husband paul claims she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders which he says cost licence-fee payers about # 150,000 .
glenn ford , 65 , was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer shortly after being freed from prison in angola last year . he was too weak to stand when marty stroud walked into his louisiana home last week but shook his hand . stroud , who wished for for ford the best before leaving the home , had asked to meet the man after apologizing to him in a letter published in the shreveport times last month .
social media platforms have exploded with bright yellow tributes and pictures of their wedding dresses as friends , family and complete strangers mourn the death of bride-to-be stephanie scott . it comes after police located a body at cocoparra national park , in the riverina region of nsw on friday night , which they believe to be the 26-year-old who went missing just days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years . ms scott
iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location with its majestic vistas being prominently featured in many hit tv series or hollywood blockbusters . despite the fact that iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920 , sci-fi and action film directors have all descended on the island nation as of late . thingvellir national park provided the location for the north of westeros in game of thrones , interstellar or prometheus .
tulip siddiq accused of failing to tell voters she met vladimir putin in moscow two years ago when a billion-dollar arms deal was signed . tories last night accused her of trying to conceal her extraordinary links to putin and sheikh hasina . the tories also said she had deleted postings and photographs on her blog which showed how she campaigned to get her aunt re-elected .
pub landlord paul harris was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice . miss lawrence , who was 35 when she disappeared , was reported missing by her father after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the university of york .
rona fairhead , 53 , has said she wants to stay for a least another year . she has been under mounting pressure to quit both of her lucrative positions . claims hsbc 's swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from taxman . last month she was criticised by mps as ` incredibly naïve or totally incompetent ' .
wikileaks founder julian asssange has added insult to injury for sony pictures after his website wikileaks put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year 's cyberattack into a searchable online archive . the calculated move by assange to expose thousands of indiscreet and personal correspondences will likely spell fresh embarrassment for the embattled company . assange and wikileaks issued a statement on thursday saying the data has a public interest , but the majority of the correspondences run from the
the plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude . this will then go into orbit as normal and deliver a satellite . allen 's vision is to create a giant air pad in the sky , allowing payloads to reach space faster and at a lower cost than existing technologies .
chris sussman , executive editor for comedy , said jokes have to go through ` quite a lot of layers ' to be approved . some jokes even have to be looked over by director general lord hall , he said . comes after a ` difficult few years ' following sachsgate scandal .
grant allen , 38 , of harlow , essex , bought holiday home on costa del sol , spain . pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing # 30,000 . allen also splurged # 8,700 on a holiday to florida in 2009 when he took his girlfriend and children to disney world . he was jailed for six years for mortgage fraud and money laundering .
jason cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with messages over the internet . he threatened to post a sex video of her on her mother 's facebook page . the terrified woman said her life became a living ` hell ' when he sent her an explicit photo of her to her own daughter .
daisy lowe , 26 , is the ultimate rock chick as she rocks leather and heavy eye make-up in her new beauty shoot for rodial . the genetically-blessed model was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her ` modern , cool and quintessentially british edge ' .
the mudgeeraba caravan village is home to more than 100 people . it has been the site of a fatal house fire , stabbings , brawls , and continual violence . queensland police patrol the site daily due to the extreme level of incidents , and ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park .
the todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed by carbon monoxide poisoning earlier this month . father rodney todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in november . the six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the ella fitzgerald auditorium at the university of maryland eastern shore on saturday .
princess beatrice has been seen at the bahrain grand prix , her fourth holiday in a month . the 26-year-old was in the gulf state , ruled by a controversial king whose regime has been accused of violently repressing pro-democracy activists . onlooker saw her among dignitaries on the starting grid before the race .
the fanuc cr-35ia claims to be the first ` heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot ' to work with human employees without the need for safety fences . the robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs -lrb- 35kg -rrb- and could be used in a number of industries , from warehouses to production lines . amazon has already introduced robots to it vast warehouses to work along human employees .
lisa erspamer 's third collection of tributes , celebrities such as melissa rivers , shania twain , will.i.am , christy turlington burns , and kristin chenoweth all composed messages of love and gratitude to the women who raised them .
a federal jury in salt lake city on thursday awarded more than $ 270,000 to marcia eisenhour . the jury found storey liable for some $ 240,000 of the damages and the county liable for the rest . storey wrote in 2007 , ` i 'd love to harvest your sweet grapes , ' and called her the ` most gorgeous thing alive ' .
victorino chua penned what he called a ` bitter nurse confession ' . in 13 pages of rambling , broken english , the filipino nurse said he might ` explode ' at any time , adding : ` if i will be pushed , they gon na be sorry ' . chua is accused of killing three patients at stepping hill hospital in stockport between 2011 and 2012 .
indianara carvalho , 23 , had hymen surgery last year to ` restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with ` someone special ' . image attracted more than 750 ` likes ' , as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers over its sacrilegious nature .
lee thompson 's seen plenty in his 14 years as an award-winning photojournalist covering the civil war in libya , the revolution in egypt , the tsunami in japan and other extensive travels . but even he repeatedly marvels at what the men and women of southeast asia can balance and transport on just a scooter or a beaten up old motorcycle .
claudia martins , 33 , wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a ` momentary abnormality of mental functioning ' . she was suffering from a condition known as a ` pathological denial of pregnancy ' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl . until that point she had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child in the bath before killing her .
gloria ross , 84 , spent 30 years in the national health service as a nurse . but when she was visited by her grandson wayne wilkins , 25 , she was ` just tired ' and told him the senior nurse was ` on a break ' . mrs ross was finally assessed by a doctor , who realised she had suffered a stroke and arranged for her to be taken to a stroke unit at royal london hospital .
the winning punter , who comes from mittagong in southern new south wales , discovered his good fortune on tuesday evening . the man , who chose not to be named , said he and his wife had been ` struggling ' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result .
earl arthur olander , 90 , was discovered covered in cuts and bruises . his home had been ransacked . they have now offered a $ 1,000 reward for any information which could lead to an arrest , while neighbors have spoken of him as a ` stand-up person ' .
afghan woman , known only by the name gulnaz , was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her rapist asadullah . even though a rape led to her pregnancy , she 'd not be allowed to return to her ` shamed ' family as she was unmarried .
gang caught on camera kicking off wing mirrors and smashing windscreens with a large cinder block . owner freddy ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work at the la marina auto sales , in dearborn heights , michigan , after the easter break . around 30 vehicles were said to have been damaged , with the repair bill totalling up to $ 20,000 .
kurt ludwigsen , 43 , is accused of kissing , harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at nyack college . he is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another 's sexual parts , 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse .
vijaya gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go ` unchecked ' . she made the announcement on the day a study found that 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on twitter . anti-bullying campaigners have also long complained that twitter is a sanctuary for trolls who post hateful abuse behind the veil of anonymity .
the canberra based department of foreign affairs and trade workers were given an ` announcement ' on a big tv screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to melbourne . the message was displayed for five hours before one of the centre 's supervisors told workers that it was an april fools ' day prank .
former playboy model annette edwards holds her world record continental giant rabbit darius aloft . five-year-old darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st -- the king of the continental giant breed . aged only one , jeff has got some way to go - and has got bigger .
paul devillier , 56 , is accused of opening fire on cpl. burt hazeltine , 36 , as he was directing traffic near a school zone in suburban new orleans . the ambush took place on us 90 near louisiana street in the town of paradis , just west of new . a deputy is seen swabbing what appears to be blood from the door of the sheriff 's squad car . a male suspect , later identified as former transportation safety administration worker p
fiona cullum provided a safe haven for hassan hussain as he and yassin james were hunted by police for gunning down sabrina moss in the street on a night out to celebrate her 24th birthday . cullum then lied to officers when quizzed about the murder after he was arrested in 2013 over the murder in kilburn , north west london .
megan huntsman , 40 , is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to killing the six newborns , then stashing their bodies in the garage of her home in pleasant grove , utah . a judge today handed huntsman six sentences of five years to life - but family members rallied round her even as her ` cold and calculated ' crimes were recounted to the court .
zeus , a german shepherd , was honored in a grand procession in connecticut on wednesday before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder . the tribute for the police dog , who worked with the ridgefield police department for eight years as a k-9 officer , began around 4.45 pm . during the procession , residents of ridgefield lined the streets as they watched the cop cars drive by through the town .
prince charles ' letter was read at hayley 's funeral by father michael bailey . there are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the uk . charles described her as ` an inspiration to millions ' in his letter . her tiny turquoise coffin is carried out of the church in sidley , bexhill-on-sea .
the scary sounding tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate . advocates claim the ` sound waves of the forks vibrate and travel deeply into the body along energy pathways , affecting human physiology and reaching places not easily accessed ' . the uk beauty industry employs more a million people and is worth # 17 bn .
shadow chancellor said he would not make ` unfunded and uncosted commitments ' after promising to cut the deficit every year . comes after david cameron pledged to give the nhs whatever it needed - but refused to say how he will find the money . tories said at the weekend they 'll find the # 8billion a year budget boost demanded by its chief executive simon stevens .
two planes begin their descent at san francisco international airport . as well as the two measuring their approach almost identically , the wheels touch the tarmac simultaneously . plane landings are seen by many as a work of art in themselves for many tourists and enthusiasts alike . other airports such as atlanta and sydney have similar runway configurations and operations .
godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on star wars : the force awakens . he claimed the films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music . but despite the fact that mr elfwick 's twitter bio states he is a ` demisexual genderqueen muslim atheist ' he was still invited on to the programme .
antiquret raunigk , 65 , already has 13 children , and her remarkable story will be featured in a tv documentary . her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs . her gynaecologist initially mentioned the possibility of a ` selective reduction ' , where one or more fetuses is aborted in a multi-fetal pregnancy . but the english and russian teacher , who is due to retire this year , said she decided to have the babies
a pest control company has copped a spray after making the ` tasteless decision ' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher stephanie scott . the post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive . a spokeswoman for mortein told daily mail australia the post has since been removed , and apologised for any offence caused .
matt stopera misplaced his iphone in new york city and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his photostream . mr stopera said he asked himself , ` who is this man , and why are his pictures showing up in my phone ? ' .
the kola fireball had a ` disturbingly similar ' path to asteroid 2014 ur116 , which is due to pass by the moon in 2017 . researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments . they determined the fireball 's path by studying its flight and the meteorite 's final impact site , before creating a computer model based on those figures .
called smart boy , the attachment also lets gamers play their existing game boy and game boy color games cartridges on their handset . it was originally devised as part of an april fool 's joke , but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell it .
davion navar henry only , 16 , had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars . three years after his emotional plea at st mark missionary baptist church in st petersburg he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old . on april 22 she will officially become davion 's mother .
malijah grant was shot in the head thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala at an intersection in kent , washington . her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside , and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off . two male suspects are now being sought by police .
the unidentified woman from greenpoint , brooklyn , was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage . she climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping 125 feet above newtown creek . police arrived on scene at about 11.50 am and spent more than two hours trying to calm her down .
deputy pm said control of the department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal to erase michael gove 's ` zany ' ideas . mr clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against the ` ideological gimmicks ' of mr gove , who was the first tory education secretary when the coalition was formed in 2010 .
kelly nash , 25 , was last seen alive in the early hours of january 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing , and told his girlfriend he was not feeling well . by the time sexton got up at 7.30 am , the man was gone . he left the house without his wallet , id card or the keys to his truck . following an exhaustive search , he was found drowned in a lake a month later .
eileen dover was considered an unfortunate name but another woman who says having the same name as the wife of jay-z has caused her grief her entire life . the photo series was created by photographer brandon stanton who travels around the city capturing images of its residents and sharing their stories .
naumi , 32 , who was raised in the israeli town of bnei brak , admitted that some of the rituals , when viewed with the eyes of an outsider , ` look strange ' . she will then have swung the chicken over her head in a ritual to transfer her sins of the past year to the animal .
white house said today that bernard , 53 , would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the japanese prime minister . the first lady said in a statement she was ` equally lucky to have made a lifelong friend in jeremy ' . the white house did not name a replacement nor did it explain why he was leaving .
childlessness rates have reached record highs for both teenagers and women in their twenties , the u.s. census bureau has revealed . in 2012 , that number was 94.9 percent . for women ages 20 to 24 , 75.2 percent were childless last year , the highest it 's ever been .
chris roberts , who featured in a string of fox news reports , was yanked off his plane after it landed in syracuse , new york , on wednesday night . fbi agents and two uniformed officers confiscated his laptop and thumb drives , fox news reported . experts worry planes ' flight and entertainment systems could be compromised by terrorist hacking .
cle ` bone ' sloan , 45 , was crushed beneath the wheels of knight 's pickup truck outside a burger stand in january , leaving him with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head , knees and shoulder . but he claimed from the witness stand of the los angeles superior court on monday that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation , in which his companion terry carter , 55 , was killed . knight is accused of murdering carter and trying to murder sloan
study found women routinely ask for # 4,000 less for a typical job . but this widens to up to # 10,000 in more senior industries such as accountancy . on average , women ask for almost a fifth less than men , rising to nearly a third less in some financial sectors .
stephen dodd tweeted picture of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying . he said : ` muslims praying at half-time at match yesterday #disgrace ' . mr dodd 's post was met with widespread condemnation on social media . liverpool promised to take ` appropriate action ' against the supporter .
jean-marie le pen , 87 , said his daughter marine ` may want him dead ' . she was particularly angry that mr le pen called the nazi gas chambers ' a detail of history ' . but he has refused to step down as honorary president of the far-right party .
the gooey deliciousness of a cake fresh out of the oven is unbeatable but they can dry out and get stale very quickly . once frozen solid , wrap it in clingfilm , and it can be kept frozen for up to three hours , until thawed . once defrosted , it also makes them softer , so all their lovely juices seep out more readily and the flavours are more potent .
love-up couples around the world share their intimate proposal moment via the website howheasked.com . alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples ' touching proposal stories . one bride-to-be was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the groom 's brother across the valley . another was captured at the top of a steep hiking trail in hawaii , known as stairway to heaven .
timothy eli thompson was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities , a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening . facebook removed the photo when a pro-life group put it in an ad in an effort to promote his story .
kaden lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in bremerton , washington , on march 28 , in front of his mother . heather kelso , who was sharing a room with the youngster 's mother , was also killed while a neighbor visiting at the time was shot in the abdomen . the controversial cartoon depicts kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as uncle sam .
messenger is currently 18 miles -lrb- 29.1 km -rrb- above mercury after nasa engineers used the last of its fuel in a last ditch effort to push the spacecraft higher into orbit . among the images sent back by messenger as its mission draws to an end is this picture of 2km high cliffs cutting through the carnegie crater . but as messenger drops ever closer to mercury 's surface , it is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet
carolyn thorpe , 62 , was enjoying a cup of coffee outside a cafe in hiers-brouage when the 20-foot tree toppled and crushed her to death in 2007 . her daughter sarah wright was also injured by the american ash tree , which was planted 200 years ago to mark the birth of napoleon i 's first son . the family have now received around # 86,000 in compensation .
edwin ` jock ' mee allegedly targeted 11 victims as young as 15 . the 27-year-old denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three rapes and one count of assault by penetration . the divorced father-of-five is accused of carrying out a campaign of abuse against female cadets .
jake boys , 19 , surprised his girlfriend emily-victoria canham , 18 , by telling her they would fly to see one direction in cardiff . but he booked flights to the republic of ireland instead of wales . mr boys , from hailsham , east sussex , is now planning to buy a new pair of train tickets to cardiff for the band 's show this june .
lawrence tynes has filed a lawsuit against the tampa bay buccaneers for $ 20million in lost future earnings and $ 15,000 in damages . the 36-year-old contracted the deadly mrsa in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail , according to albert breer of the nfl network . tynes and another player , offensive guard carl nicks , both contracted methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus -lrb
david cameron and nick clegg have pledged to find the cash . but ed miliband has refused , saying it is being ignored by politicians . sir david said it was vital for the nhs for there to be a ` political consensus ' . he said : ` this is the amount , simon stevens the current chief executive ' .
a united airlines regional jet carried her back to the east coast on thursday from the omaha , nebraska airport . her flight was bound for newark , new jersey , the major airport most convenient to her spacious chappaqua , new york home . clinton had just finished a three-day presidential campaign swing in council bluffs , iowa .
dr ram manohar , 38 , of barnston , wirral , denies four counts of sexual assault . accused of groping the breast of one of them and saying ` you bad girl ' after smacking her on the bottom . nurse a&e consultant offered to help nurse with her training on december 23 , 2013 .
the cross-dressing robber entered the service station on taylors hill just before 7.30 pm . he walked to a drink fridge and after browsing what was on sale he went to the counter where he confronted a female staff member . he suddenly produced an imitation machine gun from a black bag and demanded the money from the till .
rev richard coles , 52 , sits on the board of wellingborough homes . he is known to many for presenting radio 4 's gentle human interest show . coles raised eyebrows by publishing a frank memoir which detailed not only his rise to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band the communards .
researchers have long known that there is water in the form of ice on mars . now new information from the mars rover curiosity shows that it is possible that liquid water close to the surface of the red planet . very fine-grained sediments , which slowly fell through the water , were deposited right at the bottom of the crater lake .
leo bernal , 8 , was released from the hospital friday , five days after he was shot in the head by an armed home intruder in california . his head was partially shaved and marred by two long , stapled incisions . doctors had to open the child 's skull to extract the bullet , leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples .
study found eating out is associated with higher calorie , saturated fat and salt intake -- all causes of high blood pressure . of these , 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week , the american journal of hypertension reported . researchers in singapore found those who frequently dine out or feast on takeaways are more likely to have pre-hypertension .
facinet keita , 31 , fled the olympic village in summer 2012 claiming his failure to win a medal meant he ` would be murdered ' . his wife who was left to look after the couple 's two children has now split from him because she ` could n't wait for him ' .
randy linn , now in a california federal prison where he 's two years into his 20-year sentence , said that he ca n't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship . federal prosecutors said linn drove about two hours from his home in st. joe , indiana , to suburban toledo on september 30 , 2012 , and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire . linn later said
kevin morton gave his son kye an extremely strong painkiller . he says he will ` have to try and live with it for the rest of my life ' . kye was found dead at his home in barrow-in-furness , cumbria in october last year .
the jane doe was found in a wooded area in volusia county on april 23 , 1990 . investigators believe her badly decomposed remains had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered . the death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open . police hope a new facial reconstruction using the latest technology with help them finally solve the murder .
the gold moto 360 is available to pre-order online from o2 and any customers making orders before 10pm bst on 20 april . it will then go on general sale online and exclusively from stores in the uk on 23 april , with prices starting at # 249.99 . motorola 's gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs # 199 .
amir khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on snapchat . the lightweight posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel . police are yet to say if they will look into the snaps and if offence took place . mr khan was convicted for driving without due care and attention .
dominika petrinova , from the czech republic , was furious after her boyfriend 's prank , which went viral after he posted it online . the 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog had accidentally been put in the wash before mr meldik revealed the ` joke ' and that her beloved pet was safe and sound .
duli hembrom wrote to the principal of milan mithi uchha vidyalaya after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding . it is thought the ` oath ' duli refers to is the school 's promise she had to make when she started , but exactly what it included is not known .
at over 50 locations around the us and canada , staff will put a goldfish in any guest 's room for the duration of their stay . the kimpton hotel chain offers a special service for those feeling a bit lonely while travelling . aquariums are believed to reduce anxiety and lower blood pressure .
nick hewer faced a conundrum of his own as he tried , and failed , to stifle his giggles as a blushing ms riley spelt out the word ` erection ' . hewer , who first found fame as lord sugar 's sidekick in the apprentice , was clearly trying not to laugh when dubliner gerry tynan and anne lewin offered up the double entendre . fortunately celebrity guest dr phil hammond saved the day with nine letter word ` tod
the legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day . but research shows the government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month . making it an offence to wash or dry clothes in parliament or trafalgar squares was designed to prevent protesters setting up camp at tourist spots .
the gr20 hiking trail runs down the mountainous spine of corsica . it happens to be the toughest trek in europe and is the toughest in the world . footpaths used for more than 1,000 years by shepherds leading their animals to summer pastures . most of the trails were clearly marked with orange daubs of paint .
xavier morales , 48 , has been placed on indefinite administrative leave . the female agent alleged that she was attending a party with her boss , in a washington , d.c. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her . morales was due to start his new position this week .
a pain and gain report has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low with more properties making a decent profit . when being compared to their prior purchase price , only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price . the total value of these profit making resales was over $ 17 billion , three and a half times more than the total of the loss-making resales at
the teenage victim , cortez berry , was serving time at the burruss correctional training center in forsyth , georgia , for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery . the disturbing image was uploaded to facebook on friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail . it shows the 18-year-old berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men , one of whom is holding the leash . berry '
almost half of headteachers have vacancies in english , maths and science departments amid a growing recruitment crisis in secondary schools . school leaders warn the ` bleak ' situation is likely to worsen due to the rise in pupil numbers and ` greater competition ' for graduates among employers . overall , 86 per cent had ` difficulty ' recruiting teachers for core subjects .
hizb ut-tahrir -lrb- ht -rrb- has reportedly attacked civil activists in aleppo . several british men linked to isis , including mohammed ` jihadi john ' emwazi . maajid nawaz , the liberal democrats ' parliamentary candidate , was a member of ht for 13 years and jailed in egypt for his commitment to the group .
boeing 777-300er first diverted to chhatrapati shivaji international airport to refuel about eight hours into its flight from china to addis ababa . after topping up it departed for bole international airport in the ethiopian capital , but was forced to return after take-off . flight et607 was carrying 283 passengers and 14 crew members from guangzhou , china when it had to change course and refuel in mumbai .
storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the ukrainian-belorusian border . earlier this month britain was shrouded in a cloud of saharan dust , known as ` blood rain , ' as the temperatures soared . but experts can not pinpoint the reason behind the spate of storms .
attorney general eric holder sent a memo on friday to doj employees reminding them not to solicit prostitutes . his memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general 's report found the drug enforcement administration had mishandled allegations that several of its agents went to sex parties with prostitutes . holder said the department 's prohibition on soliciting prostitutes applies even when employees are off duty or in foreign countries where prostitution may be legal .
lib dems will vow to protect entire education budget in next parliament . unlike tory and labour plans , spending would rise per pupil in next five years . extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in line with inflation from 2018 . but mr clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks .
the typed dispatch was sent by german president karl doenitz on may 8 , 1945 , telling officers to abandon fighting or face the allies ' wrath . it was seized from luftwaffe chief robert von greim when he was arrested that day . the order is being auctioned by bonhams , new york .
the u.s. department of agriculture said monday that the h5n2 bird flu virus had been found at a farm in northwest iowa 's osceola county . the confirmation means up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country . the risk to the public is considered low and infected birds are being kept out of the food supply .
the kingdom of naples , the ottoman empire , the french , british and , during the second world war , the italians and germans have all left their mark . so instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven .
the 22-year-old said she kneed jason lee , an ex-goldman sachs managing director , in the groin during the struggle after he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $ 35,000 a month rented mansion . she sobbed and said she was left in a state of ` disbelief ' and begged her friends to take her home because she felt that it was her fault . the alleged rape happened in the summer of 2013 when the victim was
malia obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host rachael ray in an interview that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family . ` the secret service , actually , because they would n't let me in the car with her , ' mrs. obama said . the first lady has n't driven herself in seven or eight years .
sofinar gourian , popularly known as ` safinaz ' , was fined # 15,000 after being found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant . she is expected to avoid jail time , however , after paying # 10,000 bail and launching an appeal against the six month prison sentence .
arlette ricci , 74 , and one of the richest women in europe , was today sent to prison for trying to hide her fortune from the french taxman through hsbc . judgement handed down by a paris criminal court added : ` the seriousness of the facts are an exceptional threat to the public good ' .
a raft of new ` enhanced ' h20 products shows that things in the water business are changing , and fast . we 're no longer happy posing with perrier , fiji or evian branded bottles . nowadays those in the know are downing bottles of birch , made from the sap of silver birch trees , sipping on glasses of liquid extracted from artichokes or opting for specially harvested and filtered rainwater .
tara and gavin hills , from kanata , canada , have been anti-vaxxers for six years , but all that changed when their seven young children came down with whooping cough . the hills ' six sons and a daughter between the ages of 10 months and 10 years remain in quarantine and are being treated with antibiotics .
kim richards was arrested early thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer . the 50-year-old mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after she 'd had a few too many vodka tonics . the real housewives of beverly hills star then became very angry and reportedly shouted ` do n't you know who i am ? ' . she then headed to a bathroom and refused to come out - which was when cops were called .
bradley dew , 26 , had been drinking with his friend at a pub in kent earlier that day . but in the evening he returned to his friend 's home claiming he had lost the mobile . as the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend , dew pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face . he then stole # 10 out of his wallet and told officers it would have been ` like robbing my brother ' .
waverley mayor sally betts wrote a reference for convicted rapist luke lazarus ` out of loyalty to the family ' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father 's soho nightclub . in an interview with the wentworth courier she referenced the behaviour of lazarus ' victim . lazarus was jailed for at least three years on march 27 .
an account purporting to be sydney radio station 2ue sent out a tweet on thursday morning . the hashtag was in reference to the station 's former newsreader steve blanda who had read the news at 2ue for over a decade . while the tweet has since been removed from the @ 2uenews twitter account , there is speculation online that it could have been sent by an employee displaced by the controversial merger .
annabel beam , now 12 , slipped and fell inside a hollowed-out cottonwood tree . her mother , christy wilson beam , has spoken of her amazement after annabel escaped the horrifying accident unscathed . for the first time in her life , she can eat solid food and her mother thinks her brush with jesus is the reason .
naz shah , a mother-of-three from bradford , has previously claimed that she was coerced into marrying her cousin in pakistan before being sexually and physically abused . mr galloway 's respect party now claims to have obtained a copy of her ` nikah ' or marriage certificate , showing that she actually married when she was 16 and a half in 1990 .
the 29-year-old radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in mayfair . it 's the second night out for the party girl , who was seen laughing and joking with friend irene forte at the launch party for new london restaurant the ivy chelsea garden .
operation xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at skegby hall . inquiry will also look into nine other centres in nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused . also being investigated are three former residential centres in mansfield and five others in worksop , southwell and stapleford .
realtors in indianapolis are looking to unload what 's likely the midwestern city 's gaudiest and most famous home -- a 26,000-square-foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction king . for a meager $ 862,000 , its gargoyles , endless balconies and ornate fountains can be yours with which to carry on the eccentric torch of quirky indy celebrity jerry a. hostetler
richard howarth , 35 , says he breaks out in a sweat and starts shaking when he sees ukip leader nigel farage on tv . medical recruitment consultant said hearing mr farage 's voice makes him ` physically sick ' . mr howarth is standing as a candidate in thanet south and has appeared on tv so often .
a new generation of suncreams promise to protect against infra-red a rays and others say they protect the skin from the inside out with antioxidants found in fruit and vegetables . dr bav shergill , a consultant dermatologist at queen victoria hospital in east grinstead , offers his verdict .
thomas k. jenkins , 49 , of capitol heights , maryland , was arrested last month by deputies with the prince george 's county sheriff 's office . police say he carried out 18 commercial robberies in dover , delaware , from september 2014 to february 2015 .
up to 100 islamic teachers could be banned from working in schools for life following an investigation into their alleged links to the trojan horse scandal . it is understood a teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in birmingham . this includes allegations an al-qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished by making them kneel on tiles .
flabbergasted mario draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him . the woman - who identified herself later as josephine witt - yelled ` end the ecb dictatorship ! ' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards , while a third threw himself in front of mr draghi .
the island is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk . rosemary spent a week on grenada , where fresh foodstuffs like cocoa fruit are easily available . grenada 's seasons are similar to our own , which means cauliflower , broccoli and pumpkins in spring .
graeme burke wants to erect a ` big bogan ' statue in the town of nyngan to honour the aussie icon . the 3.6-metre statue would show a ` bloke ' wearing shorts , thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox . locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs .
the next time you order a latte , you might want to rethink your choice of pastry . espressos are best paired with chocolate truffles or a mini raspberry coulis . flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin , and a plain black coffee is best drunk with a glazed ring doughnut .
ricky dearman said his reputation was shattered after being branded the leader of a london satanic cult who trafficked children into the uk to be tortured and killed on video . scotland yard investigated the ` baseless ' claims but found they had been made by his children after they were tortured by their mother and her partner . police are now hunting for ella draper and abraham christie , who may have fled abroad , and mr dearman now hopes to win custody of his
international monetary fund warns state will continue to spend more on public services and other areas such as welfare and overseas aid . projection underlines just how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country 's annual deficit . conservatives have pledged to return britain to the black in 2018-19 with a surplus of # 5.2 billion -- the first since 2001 .
wonga , the uk 's biggest payday loans firm , racked up a # 37.3 million loss last year . revenues declined to # 217.2 million in the period , down by almost # 100million . city watchdog has forecast just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following the introduction of the rules in january .
photographer vincent cianni , 63 , spent three years traveling the u.s. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression , sadness and silence in a moving photo essay . the project , gays in the military , did , and in many ways still does , oppress them .
kelie cherie phillips , 38 , and jondrew megil lachaux , 39 , have been charged with child neglect . the couple left a north las vegas home where a 3-year-old was found dead and a 4-month-old girl was so badly neglected by her mother that the child was hospitalized in critical condition . police said friday that they 're trying to find a couple and five children who may be in the los angeles or oakland ,
julie bishop was in perth over the easter holidays to meet wives and partners of sas members . shoe designer jimmy choo , who is the tourism ambassador for malaysia , is currently in the west australian city to host his first ever masterclass . ms bishop is famously a huge fan of the malaysian shoe designer 's pieces .
sonia pereiro-mendez arrived with her second child for the first day of the hearing at central london employment tribunal . she claims she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child . executive director in distressed investing is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination .
the family of adolf hitler 's minister of propaganda is suing a publisher . cordula schacht is representing joseph goebbels ' estate in the case against random house germany and its imprint sidler . the dispute comes after peter longerich drew on the diaries for a biography .
the train was traveling through salters pond road and highway 121 , near the town of trenton , shortly after 8.30 pm when it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks . at the time , the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic , nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air . it was also transporting non-hazardous ammonia nitrate . the incident prompted a civil emergency message to be activated for residents and businesses within a
uk clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 , the strongest in group of seven industrialised nations and seven times higher than france 's 0.4 per cent . the uk is expected to cement its position in the coming years as one of the fastest growing major economies in the west .
anthony mann , 78 , sat quietly sobbing in the dock as he listened to the details of the mercy killing of his wife janet at their home in nuneaton , warwickshire . he was given a two year suspended sentence after he appeared at leamington justice centre today .
antje raunigk , 65 , from berlin , will give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies . she is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated using both donated sperm and eggs . her 13 children -- the eldest of whom is daughter antje , 44 -- are by five different fathers .
trevor brooks , an associate of islamist firebrand anjem choudary , was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk . home office letter says brooks is an extremist linked to members of the banned group al muhajiroun .
david cameron will be absent when mr miliband and four other party leaders take part in the televised showdown for number 10 . mr cameron accused the pm of ` ducking ' the chance to defend his record in government or explain how he would pay for a host of tax giveaways .
two-metre south american boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python . snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease ` it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia ' . the reptile could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people 's pet cats and dogs .
cardinal who led service at historic cologne cathedral urged forgiveness for all of the victims - including co-pilot andreas lubitz . german president joachim gauck said tragedy had not only provoked grief and sorrow , adding : ` we ca n't find an answer to the question of why so many people had to die because of a decision that one person made ' . flags flown at half-mast across country as political and religious leaders join hundreds of bereaved relatives in west
burger king , which has launched its summer menu , has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie . pret a manger , which up until now has been solely a breakfast and lunch operation , allows customers to order at the tills but be served at tables decked out in smart crockery and silverware .
a handful of animal keepers at salt lake city 's hogle zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when eve , a bornean orangutan , died a few weeks after giving birth . tuah was revealed to the public on saturday , with visitors -- some of whom wore ' i met tuah ' buttons -- lining up around the ape building to catch their first glimpse . gordon is one of several primate handlers who provided round-the-clock care for the infant
william beggs is serving a life sentence for murdering and dismembering barry wallace , 18 , in kilmarnock , ayrshire , in 1999 . the teenager 's limbs and torso were found in loch lomond and his head was dumped in the sea . beggs reportedly told friends he was taking revenge after beggs attacked him soon after he arrived at the prison .
just over half -lrb- 53 % -rrb- know the duke of wellington led the british forces . one in seven believe that it was the french who were victorious in 1815 . more than a quarter of all people polled have no idea who won the battle of waterloo .
saudi arabia condemned for not giving prior notification to indonesian representatives or to the family over the execution date . siti zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer who allegedly mistreated her to death . amnesty international says her killing ` smacks of a basic lack of humanity ' .
the new york post 's page six alleged that chef bobby flay has been having an affair with his assistant elyse tirrel , who 's 28 . flay filed for divorce earlier this month saying that his 10-year marriage to law & order : svu star march has ` irretrievably broken down ' .
there is a rising number of firms in the us that sell dog and cat biscuits to pet owners containing cannabidiol , or cbd . compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains , treat mood disorders and even help pets lose weight . research has also suggested that cbd can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets and calm animals down .
ukip leader said he was ` jealous ' of how the tory leader has reversed the greying process while in downing street . after clashing at televised leaders debate , mr farage said he had shaken mr cameron 's hand and ` complimented him on his appearance ' .
report by tel aviv university 's kantor center for the study of contemporary european jewry , said 766 violent anti-semitic acts were carried out around the world last year . arson , vandalism and direct threats against jews , synagogues and other jewish institutions were included in the figure , making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009 . anger in western europe over israel 's military offensive in the gaza strip last july and august
rachel simpson , 15 , was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated . the rest of her family , from heysham , near lancaster , are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the gata2 gene .
officers from scotland yard 's flying squad released cctv images of three suspects on saturday , but refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader . meanwhile criminologist richard hoskins said he has identified ` startling similarities ' between the hatton garden raid and novel black echo , by michael connelly . the novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed ` the hole in the ground gang ' who struck three vaults in la in 1986 and 1987 .
increasing demand for coloured stones has been overtaken by more fashionable stones . demand has seen the value of some coloured stones increase by more than 2,000 per cent over the last ten years . celebrities such as kate middleton proudly wore a ceylon sapphire once owned by princess diana as her engagement ring .
the hague is home to one of the cornerstones of european art - vermeer 's girl with a pearl earring . it has a genteel moat/canal , which encircles the historic centre . remco tells me that many traffic lights have been taken out for aesthetic reasons .
walter scott , 50 , and pierre fulton , his friend of several years , had met for breakfast on april 4 before scott drove him to a church so fulton could collect a bag of vegetables . he then took fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to scott 's house . but as they returned home , their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in north charleston . scott shot the father-of-four
the rare formation , which appears to be formed of two double rainbows , appeared over a commuter rail station on long island early tuesday . amanda curtis , the founder of a fashion company , snapped the phenomenon while she was waiting for the long island railroad at the glen cove lirr station outside of new york city .
robert bates , 73 , from tulsa , oklahoma , spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the today show on friday . he also took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed in the april 2 incident . bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter .
the first mosaic , pieced together by the german aerospace center , comprises 1.4 million square miles -lrb- 2.3 million square km -rrb- of the surface . it covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet , parts of the ares vallis outflow channel , the chaotic aram chaos region as well as the meridiani planum plains . the new map allows scientists to ` stand ' on planetary surfaces and could help explain
kyle wittstock , 22 , died on monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door of a house on linksman street in yanchep , perth . the father-of-two left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter , who he referred to as his ` little lion cub ' in facebook posts .
the # 260,000 lamborghini aventador was unveiled in the piazza de fidele on tuesday as part of milan design week . ford 's design team have created a stunning light sculpture which showcases how they came about creating the prototype . in the heart of one of the world 's most design-savvy cities , many were surprised to learn the piece had been produced by car designers and engineers .
the girl , who has not been named but attends school in san dimas , california , is the target of disturbing posts on the photo-sharing service . the posts consist of pictures of her accompanied by threatening messages . deputies from the los angeles county sheriff 's department are helping to guard the girl .
pippa middleton has been slammed for ` promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry ' . the 31-year-old styles herself as a food and lifestyle writer . she boasted of tucking into the delicacy in norway to horror of environmental campaigners who say she is helping promote an ` unimaginably cruel ' trade .
a woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ' a dildo in each hand ' during an altercation outside a grafton pub . an eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside roches family hotel late friday night before it spilled out onto victoria road . grafton police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry .
amanda lukoff , from arlington , virginia , teamed up with her husband danny egan for their film the r-word , which is in pre-production . the director and producer , who was inspired to create the movie by her sister gabrielle , has already signed on cast members including scrubs actor john c. mcginley and glee actress lauren potter .
france has joined italy and israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry . health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a bmi under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content . research psychologist sarah jackson suggested that censoring images of ultra-thin models may ease their adverse effects on young women .
nearly half of 1,000 british companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an obese applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight . among the reasons given were that overweight workers ` are unable to play a full role in the business ' , and ` they would n't be able to do the job required ' .
sean donohoe , 30 , from wilnecote , tamworth , plundered elderly woman 's accounts . spent tens of thousands on trips to snowdome and in shops such as argos . persuaded victim to change will so he could reap benefits , before secretly taking out two life insurance policies , both of which named him as the beneficiary .
khadijah dare was born in nigeria but emigrated to the uk as a child . she was originally christened grace but changed it after she began attending services at the lewisham islamic centre - a mosque linked to the lee rigby killers . her mother victoria has issued a plea for her to return home .
a ferrari driver was left counting the cost in adelaide after crashing his newly-purchased , uninsured sports car into a tree on wednesday night . the passenger was badly injured after the driver of the supercar bought only a week ago and it was uninsured . the driver was conscious when paramedics attended the scene and was taken to flinders medical centre .
iona costello 's stepson , george jr , 45 , was staying nearby at the time . he also has a long criminal record and was jailed again just days after she disappeared . iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair , who often went into the city for theater and art museums
one of the escapees from ford open prison , sussex , is violent killer robert donovan , 57 . his disappearance only emerged last year , four years after he had walked out of the prison . fellow murderer derek passmore , who beat to death a disabled man in 1996 , is still at large after failing to return from day release in june 2013 .
ed miliband initially suggested he would ` abolish ' the non-domicile status on wednesday should his party take power in the general election . but it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years . labour aides suggested this would raise as much as # 1billion .
robert hardy is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career . the 89-year-old actor is a keen military historian who studied english with j.r. tolkien and is now an expert on the medieval longbow . the piece was created by artist l.m. rendall in the 1960s after being commissioned by mr hardy himself .
joshua van haften , 34 , of madison , wisconsin , was arrested wednesday night at o'hare international airport in chicago . he has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . the criminal complaint alleges that van hften talked to people about his plan before leaving the united states in august for istanbul .
university of cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory . it suggests temperatures at earth 's equator were -40 °c -lrb- 2.4 billion years ago -rrb- . the reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood . but it could have implications for finding life on other frozen worlds like europa and enceladus .
dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous . but the natural habitat of the mega-wealthy has a developing cultural underside . lily allen , karl lagerfeld and sarah jessica parker performed at dubai 's first party in the park .
ministry of defence 1 , also known as ` churchill 's toyshop ' , was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by winston churchill . he encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board . churchill was the conservative candidate for woodford , essex , but lost in the elections .
the trackyourdose app was developed by germany-based firm esooka . it uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists . the # 1.49 -lrb- $ 1.99 -rrb- ios app keeps a record of a user 's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person 's location and flights . using the case , ptb 's scientists measured more than 2,500 points at flight altitudes between 1997 and 2006 . this covered
lloyd byfield , 48 , pursued a relationship with 26-year-old leighann duffy before he armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife . he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by judge nicholas cooke who told him he may never be released .
the nationwide strike follows action by french air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout starting yesterday . signs were placed at the foot of the eiffel tower warning that the landmark was closed due to strike action . unions said they expected tens of thousands of marchers to join the main rally in paris by the end of the day .
emily reay , 17 , is a pupil at trinity school in carlisle , cumbria . she claims she has sported the same vibrant ginger hair for the last three years . but teachers have told her to tone it down or she will be banned from lessons until she changes her appearance .
mohamed badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences as 37 people , including an american-egyptian citizen were jailed for life . the defendants found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a sprawling cairo protest camp in the months after the military overthrew islamist president morsi in july 2013 .
visitors to dornoch 's golf course were surprised instead to be pointed in the direction of some toilets . the bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on twitter and retweeted by scots crime writer ian rankin . brown signs normally only point to attractions or sites of historic significance .
glenna kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a cape cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college . she was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a rhode island college in 2005 . her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young .
white house declined to give embattled drug enforcement administration chief michele leonhart a vote of confidence today . her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information . a u.s. congressional committee will investigate the claims , a spokeswoman for the republican majority at the house .
the body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor phil primmer , who reportedly died after collapsing on thursday . the darwin man , aged just 42 , had just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died . he was given cpr but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived , reportedly to the gym he owned according to friends on facebook .
the u.s. spends $ 4billion -lrb- # 2.7 billion -rrb- a year on unnecessary medical costs due to mammograms generating false alarms and on treatment for breast tumors unlikely to cause problems . breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among american women , claiming nearly 41,000 lives a year .
prime minister said voters were not ` fully sure ' about the tories at the last election . added he only needed 23 seats to win a majority , before adding : ` if i fall short of those 23 seats i will feel i have not succeeded ' . remarks came after nick clegg insisted tories were getting rattled .
gemma redhead was raped at knifepoint and left fearing for her life . as she attempted to rebuild her life , her former partner telephoned her . after he was released from prison , he defied a restraining order to phone her . the 46-second call ` reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack ' .
lorenzo simon , 34 , forced victim michael spalding , 39 , to decorate his flat . he then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put his body parts and tools into two suitcases . bird was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting an offender following the four-week trial .
russian president vladimir putin said russia has key interests in . common with the u.s. and needs to work with it on a . common agenda . appeared to soften his anti-american rhetoric after being highly critical . relations between moscow and washington , and other . western powers , have soured over the conflict in russia 's . neighbor ukraine , sinking to an all-time low .
mandy dunford , 54 , was followed around her farm by 67-year-old kenneth ward . ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences . the military historian even performed sex acts in front of her . ward has now been released and has appealed to have the restraining order overturned .
soldiers were given a burial with full military honours this morning . little has been discovered about the soldiers , as no relatives have been found . their graves will be labelled as ` known unto god ' - a description on headstones of all unknown soldiers . however , their uniforms gave a little hint at who the men had been in life .
fruit juices made from so-called superfoods such as cranberries and pomegranates often have more sugar than a can of cola . local government association accused soft drink firms of ` dragging their heels ' when it comes to minimising sugar in their products . it said children under ten get almost a fifth of their sugar intake from soft drinks .
the oshun café will serve # 6 bowls of brazilian superfood acai berries . the native acai berry bowl is topped with bananas , granola , raisin and honey . the fruit bowls are made with courgette , lime , sour cherries and acai pulp .
rosemary taylor , communications director of the city of brookhaven in georgia , made the ` racist ' remark at cherry blossom festival two weeks ago . after witnessing photographer nelson jones capture a test shot of models dominique jackson , 18 , and khamlee vongvone , 19 , at the event , she reportedly told him : ` this is not the image i want for the city ' . she has been fired by officials for exhibiting ` conduct unbecoming
francis pusok , 30 , fled his southern california home on thursday after he was beaten up by cops following a two-and-a-half hour chase on horseback . in an interview with nbc 4 on monday , pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent ' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear ` this is n't over ' . as the chase was coming to a close
timothy eli thompson was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities , a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening . his mother brandi mcglathery said facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote his story . the story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints .
robert bates , 73 , appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris . despite the charges , the judge said that the retired insurance executive , who is out on $ 25,000 bond , is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the bahamas . harris ' family reacted to the decision in a statement released by their lawyer .
nasa scientists in california have released new images of ceres . they were taken by the dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles -lrb- 33,000 km -rrb- . the spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to ceres , and it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots . it will also see ceres in better and a higher resolution resolution . the latest images were taken on 10 april and are the highest-resolution
mike keen said he was ` officially confused ' over whether or not the party was actually promising to scrap non-domicile rules . mr miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would ` abolish ' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms , but in january ed balls said it would cost the country money .
the author , david spielgalhalter , sets out to investigate various sexual statistical claims and separate myth from reality . scientists who reviewed 20 different studies of penis size , including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world found some surprising results . since no other part of the human body is more shrouded in myth and folklore than men 's most precious part , it seemed the penis was the most deserving subject to study .
mp guillaume garot , the author of the study , said the popular us practice was previously ` unthinkable ' for snooty diners and chefs . but one mp has said increasing their use would stop the country wasting huge amounts of food . throwing away still-edible food is costing the country up to $ 20 billion each year .
kenyan elite troops were called in from nairobi to garissa , 225miles from the capital , to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university . but soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon , local media claims . one of the four gunmen responsible for the brutal mass-murders has been identified as a lawyer son of a kenyan government official .
the pm was speaking in a rather peculiar building on the city 's outskirts . the space was uncomfortably hot and mr cameron was looking straight into a merciless , piercing sun . it was such a glorious bank holiday , why on earth did tory high command not scrap their plans , strip down to shirts and campaign on the beach at weston-super-mare .
robert durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 world trade center . he also faces a murder charge in california and two state weapons charges in louisiana - one of possessing a revolver along with an illegal drug : about 5 ounces of marijuana . durst pleaded guilty to two federal charges in pennsylvania in 2004 : possessing a firearm while a fugitive and while under indictment . his lawyers say those convictions do n't make it illegal for him to carry a gun under lou
turia pitt experienced burns to 64 per cent of her body during a september 2011 ultramarathon through the kimberley , western australia . foreign doctors would n't have been able to save her from the flames that nearly killed her in 2011 . seng 's sight was saved by keen doctor volunteers from interplast . she is raising funds for more volunteer medicos to head overseas to save lives and livelihoods .
the space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $ 500m on its opening weekend . already disney and lucasfilm are working overtime to drum up interest in the scifi extravaganzat that 's full of stormtroopers , jedis and lightsabers .
robert penny , 83 , of malvern east , briefly appeared at melbourne magistrates court on monday . he is charged with murdering claire acocks and his wife margaret penny at old london coiffure hairdressers in portland on may 3 , 1991 . the women were found badly beaten , repeatedly stabbed , with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps . penny was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes .
britt mchenry has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should ` lose some weight , baby girl ' , adding ` i 'm on television and you 're in a f -- ing trailer , honey ' . the former model is dedicated to helping women feel ` comfortable in their own skin ' .
ava gardner moved to london in 1968 and made 34 ennismore gardens her ` little london retreat ' . the apartment , in the same building where gardner lived , boasts a total of five bedrooms and five bathrooms . the master bedroom suite has walk in wardrobes and two further bedroom suites and two guest bedrooms .
lily james has worn more than # 300,000 worth of frocks , shoes and jewellery designed by the glitziest names in fashion . from # 3,000 jimmy choo shoes to a # 35,000 necklace , claudia connell and eliza scarborough reveal how downton abbey star lily 's very special wardrobe would be a stretch even for prince charming 's bulging wallet .
a california homeowner 's surveillance video captured three burglars who broke into their house mid-afternoon . the burglars get into the house through the kitchen , peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room . the boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over , but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face .
suzy howlett , 54 , specialises in teaching foreign-born children english . she took her red pen to the leaflet and sent it to her children . mr tanswell and sharon snook over their spelling , punctuation and grammar . ms snook promise ukip will ` take back control of our boarders ' .
timothy rogalski , from wallingford , connecticut , called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone . the fifth time he called , he spoke to an administrative assistant . in the calls , the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the december 14 , 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead .
iona costello , 51 , and her daughter emily , 14 , were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair , who often go to shows and museums , left no other trace of their whereabouts . emily did not return to her east hampton school from spring break .
seven of slager 's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting . but the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media . officers also told an internal report that they gave scott cpr , but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body . scott 's former attorney had initially claimed that the officer fired on scott during a struggle for his taser and had felt threatened
average sale prices are about # 207,000 in the uk , advertised asking prices are typically # 74,000 higher at # 281,000 . online estate agent emoov said many sellers still believed they were selling at the market 's peak and were routinely over-pricing their property .
ed miliband stopped off at praise house community church in croydon . he bowed his head while church leaders ` put their hands forward towards ed ' . last year mr miliband described himself as a ` jewish atheist ' but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups in the scramble to win votes .
albert and bernard just became friends with cheryl , and they want to know when her birthday is . cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates : may 15 , may 16 , july 14 , august 17 , july""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
helen dunn , 78 , from stourbridge , west midlands , was n't ever expecting to relive her daring past , but was surprised when she opened a copy of the sunday mercury newspaper to find a photo of herself starring back . the mother-of-two was flicking through the newspaper when she spotted herself on the cover of a raunchy lads ' mag from 1955 .
charlie kwentus , 42 , from webster groves , missouri , was granted his dying wish by the annie 's hope bereavement center for kids . the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day , with black tie makeovers and a limousine included .
bookmakers have slashed odds on the name sam - being chosen for the name of the second royal baby . it follows the success of part-time jockey and the duchess of cambridge 's close friend sam waley-cohen at aintree this weekend . mr waley cohen was once dubbed ` the royal matchmaker ' after he helped the couple rekindle their romance during their brief split in 2007 .
xiao ying , 17 , said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant . the baby boy was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou city . they found ying working on the production line but she completely denied giving birth to the child . the father of the girl said they could not keep the baby .
prime minister to amend working times regulations for three days . volunteers would be able to take the time to volunteer in a block or flexibly . policy will apply to workers at firms with at least 250 or more staff . but conservatives know society we build on top of that is just as important . simon walker : ` this election is about building a better future for our children and grandchildren ' .
author peter schweizer researched donations made to clinton 's foundation and was noted by the times for ` meticulously ' documenting his sources . claims against clinton , secretary of state from 2009-13 , are laid out in clinton cash , due to be published may 5th by harpercollins .
latika bourke had no interest about looking into her origins until she watched the movie slumdog millionaire . the film was nothing short of life-changing for latika and led her to a fulfilling spiritual journey back to where it all began in an orphanage in the slums of india . it took latika another three years to make it to india and she has been every year since - admitting to being ` absolutely obsessed ' with her mother country .
property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017 . goldman sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates , high death rates and falling net migration . this is significantly lower than widely-used australian bureau of statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent . this will create an oversupply and see property prices fall by
keith boudreau , 42 , of quincy was pronounced dead on friday morning following the march 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on . officials said he died from his injuries following the attack and was removed from life support on monday , according to court documents . on wednesday , fahey was arraigned on assault and battery charges , and pleaded not guilty .
flow ife provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft . this can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person 's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear . airline qantas is the first to introduce virtual reality headsets to its passengers to keep them entertained during long flights .
robin , now 73 , was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999 , aged 58 . at the time , he was as much a heart throb as aidan turner , star of the hugely successful bbc remake of the cornish epic that concludes on sunday . now at the age of 73 , robin has retained the physique that helped make him famous .
patrick randall was 16 in may 1990 when he held a knife to gregory smart 's throat as his friend billy flynn shot him in the head . flynn was shot dead at her request . randall won parole thursday at his first hearing - he wo n't be released until after june 4 .
prince william and kate middleton 's wedding is arguably the most famous marital ceremony of the 21st century so far . as the preparations for andy murray and kim sears ' nuptials reach the final few days , wedding planners for the couple have been seen carrying trees into dunblane cathedral . there is less than 48 hours now until the scottish tennis champion and his girlfriend exchange vows in his hometown .
angelo west , 41 , immediately jumps out of the car and shoots officer john moynihan , 34 , under the eye at close range . boston police commissioner william evans pointed out that he was firing ` under his arm ' at the other cops . the video shows the beginning of the shootout that led to officers firing the fatal shots that killed west .
residents living yards from scene of # 60million hatton garden heist reveal how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts . also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on evening of good friday , but thought this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks . meanwhile it has been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .
the stormy weather system , formed in the tasman sea , has n't hit nsw this strong since 2007 . east coast lows are particularly common in june and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter . they are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings , fell trees and powerlines .
craig hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the february 10 killings of three muslim college students . prosecutors said hicks confessed and was arrested with the murder weapon . the victims ' families are adamant that they were targeted because they were muslims and have pushed for hate-crime charges .
kealeigh-anne woolley was seven months old when she was left blind , unable to talk and severely brain damaged after being shaken by colin heath in january 2000 . she spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube until her death in 2011 . heath , now 43 , was jailed for three years and two months yesterday .
an unidentified male concert-goer has come under fire for wearing a t-shirt featuring the words ` eat sleep rape repeat ' to coachella . the snapshot , which shows the man giving the peace sign as he flaunts his controversial shirt at the festival held in indio , california , sparked outrage after it was shared on twitter on sunday . jemayel khawaja , the managing editor for vice 's music and culture channel thump , tweeted along with the picture
conrad clitheroe is in a cell with friends gary cooper and neil munro . but the 54-year-old 's wife says he has now run out of blood pressure medication . none of the men have been charged with any offence since they were transferred there from dubai .
lisa morgan , 40 , amended site she had set up for former boyfriend sean meade . visitors to the top of the world roofing website are told it has ` ceased trading at present ' as the boss was ` unfortunately found out to be cheating yet again ' . miss morgan said the updated site had brought in more views than ever before .
paypal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in . jonathan leblanc said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers . the next wave of passwords will be edible , ingestible or injectable and will remove the need for what he called ` antiquated ' ways of confirming your identity .
the 2.5 metre bronze whaler appeared soon everyone was on the beach . but before long the shark had seen enough and turned back out to sea . headlines were made around the world in december , when a surfer was mauled by a shark while fishing near cosy nook .
chris ball , 21 , made the most gut-wrenching final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life on september 14 last year . his family have shared the heartbreaking video publicly to raise awareness of the crippling disease , which takes the lives of more young australians than car accidents and skin cancer . he then tells no one to blame themselves because ` depression is a disease and i 'm pretty weak-hearted - it does n't take much for me to get emotional
teenagers will be encouraged to learn foreign languages by talking about tattoos , music festivals , youtube and rap music under the latest gcse shake-up . some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film , while others will look at spanish tweets on the olympic games .
maureen mcdonnell 's attorneys argued that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery . ceo jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements . among the gifts were almost $ 20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for maureen .
researchers at the university of sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity . they found obese people fall into one of six categories . scientists said findings suggest clinicians and policy makers should not target obese people as a whole , rather treat them according to the ` type ' of obese person they are .
researchers from goldsmiths university in london and ohio state university in the us studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries . the researchers found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children 's motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents . our willingness to learn is significantly influence by our genes , according to the study .
andrew o'clee , 36 , wed michelle agbulos and later tied the knot again with another woman . but michelle uncovered the deception when she came across footage of him completing the ice bucket charity challenge on the social networking site . michelle allowed herself to be taken in by his elaborate lies , agreeing not to tell her family and friends what was happening .
samantha says she 's ` utterly peeved about dove 's latest campaign results . the survey discovered 96 per cent of women chose the ` average ' option . most women would rather strut out in public as naked as the day they were born than freely admit that not only are they good-looking , but they 're also -lrb- whisper it -rrb- beautiful .
ralph cramer , 70 , and his wife , lynn , 59 , were returning home from the creekside café in mount joy at about 9 p.m. on sunday when the accident occurred . first responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash . the vehicle left the road , flipped over and landed upside-down in a ditch .
dea agents in colombia were taking part in alleged ` sex parties ' with prostitutes funded by drug cartels years earlier than previously known , u.s. lawmakers said on tuesday . a summary of a dea report released by the house committee on oversight and government reform at a hearing on the misconduct . this comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments .
driver - a 47-year-old man from the little italy neighborhood - shot at people walking in front of the driver 's vehicle on friday night in the busy neighborhood . the bullets hit him in the legs and lower back , according to reports . the driver is not facing charges for his actions .
large majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the island village of benjina . those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses . report traced slave-caught seafood from there to thailand where it can then enter supply chains of u.s. retailers .
tony lopez lozano , 35 , was charged with the august 2013 murder of his boyfriend , brian romo , after an argument at their oregon city home . on monday , a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison -- much to the dismay of the victim 's mother , kathleen tapia . the fight came after a night of drinking at their home in the city 's south end neighborhood .
george whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready . he said it could begin test flights by the end of this year . its predecessor was destroyed in the mojave desert in october 2014 . co-pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured .
terrifying footage has emerged of young thugs who got out of their vehicle to threaten another driver . a red ute with p-plates quickly cuts into the lane to turn right at an intersection . moments later , the ute appears to look frustrated at the slow moving traffic as they attempt to overtake by carelessly swerving onto the wrong side of the road . it 's not known as to what happened next after the video stopped or whether anything else had triggered the bizarre road rage incident .
disease is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact . once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes . dermatologist dawn marie davies warns the virus , and other bacteria , can survive on tanning beds , despite the heat .
body of sarah fox , 27 , found by police on thursday night , just hours before her 57-year-old mother bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away . merseyside police said mrs fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed . they say they are ` absolutely devastated ' at their loss .
police have returned to the home of bill spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler william tyrrell . the 63-year-old 's home had been searched earlier in the year , in january and march , after it was unveiled that he was due to fix william 's grandmother 's washing machine . the recent visit by investigators comes as police revealed that they believe william may be alive , despite fears he was abducted by
the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . ` in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead , ' melissa says in the clip .
a dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera . the incident started on warringah road and continued on for 8.5 km . friends cameron rose and bo honna were the occupants of the subaru . mr rose put his arm out the window in a gesture to show the truck driver that he was not happy with his action .
scientists in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent . they tested their theory using a 10-hertz current on the brain of 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain 's natural alpha wave oscillations . as well as creativity , these oscillations are linked with depression .
aydian dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication 's annual ultimate guy search . he would follow iraq war veteran and amputee noah galloway , who clinched the top spot last year . the competition aims to find a man ` who possesses all of the qualities that make up today 's well-rounded , active , health-conscious and thoughtful guy ' .
cathryn parker , 72 , has been living under at least 74 aliases in los angeles , mainly those of hollywood production workers . she was convicted in 2000 for federal mail fraud in hawaii after she used the jenny craig corp 's corporate travel account to purchase plane tickets and then sold the tickets privately for $ 500 apiece .
sue sim came to national prominence five years ago as northumbria police dealt with the raoul moat manhunt . she said she was ` sad ' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family . it was announced last month that ms sim was to be investigated by her police and crime commissioner 's office for alleged misconduct .
premier league stars including steven gerrard , theo walcott and phil jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an adidas sale on twitter . manchester city 's david silva and everton 's phil jagielka were among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods . this comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning twitter into an advertising platform .
christine lagarde , the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund , and plaid cymru 's leanne wood , chose hot pink for her live election debate . the pair are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink , according to the sunday times newspaper .
stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter ` bullying ' the sydney commuter on an airport line train . ms eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to muslim couple 's defence with a fiery spray notably absent of any swearing . hafeez ahmed bhatti said another woman nearby supported the racist woman , and the incident caused his family to miss its flight home
john tuite , 22 , and carlos santolalla , 25 , go by the brangelina-like portmanteau jarlos . they have already earned a following in the modeling world and on new york city 's party scene . but while the male model it couple have starred in a campaign together for dkny and posed for big brands like edun and dsquared2 , they say it has n't always been easy for them to work in the industry
shezoy bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a chelsea nightclub . copeland 's wife katrine saltara , 28 , was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation after they left popular new york club 1 oak .
kim hill was forced to dress up in her mother 's lingerie at the age of eight . the 31-year-old was even made to watch pornographic films by her step-father . derek osborne , 34 , was jailed for 20 years at suffolk crown court . kim has waived her right to anonymity and spoken out for the first time .
the 34-year-old reality star revealed that she is creating an ` archive ' of her most infamous outfits . she stores in clear plastic bags , because she is keen on the idea of north inheriting her wardrobe when she gets older . kim named her givenchy wedding dress , which she wore last may to wed kanye west in florence , italy , as the ` prize piece ' in her clothing collection .
company began as a single shop in burton-on-trent 25 years ago . total revenue over 12-month period grew 11.8 per cent to just over # 1.1 billion . trial expansion into spain currently underway . profits expected to be around # 44million as firm reaps rewards from 547 uk stores and 41 shops in ireland .
nbc 's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers . the switch also follows a change in how the numbers are crunched which now prevents nbc from including repeat numbers of its newscast from overnight replays .
jason edward harrington , who worked with tsa for six years , says screeners will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them . comments follow revelations that two tsa workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in denver as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded their flights .
matthew whelan , 35 , has spent more than # 40,000 on tattoos and body modifications in a bid to ` be the person i want to be ' . thanks to workplace discrimination , he claims he has been forced to go it alone and is now planning to set up his own business .
nasa scientists in california have revealed new views of the two brightest spots in a crater . these latest images were taken on 14 and 15 april from a distance of 14,000 miles -lrb- 22,000 km -rrb- from the north pole of ceres . however , scientists are still not able to explain what they are . dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april .
swiss researchers measured the temperature of ` hot jupiter ' hd 189733b . they found the temperature reaches up to 3,000 °c in the atmosphere . and wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour . the findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals . it is located in the constellation vulpecula in the night sky - also known as the ` little fox ' .
the driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles on saturday . the group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside .
surveillance footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock . as they beep their horns the animal , named big boy , continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road . his owner , 79-year-old joe don kotrla-chipps , told fox news that big
apple ceo tim cook described the company 's eagerly anticipated watch as ` the most personal device we 've ever created ' . a sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free after being subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer . the test was carried out by cardiff-based iphone repairs specialist . two out of the three models of apple watches , which are available to pre-order from today , have sapphire
hollywood actress carey mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia . the 29-year-old said her gran has n't recognised her in at least five years . miss mulligan , a patron of the alzheimer 's society , said there is a ` shame or humour ' attached to the illness .
annegret raunigk , from berlin , is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her : ' i want to have a little brother or sister ' . someone who understands annegret 's position well is britain 's older mother , sue tollefsen , from essex . she gave birth to her only child , freya , in 2008 when she was 57 .
jason orange shocked take that fans around the world when he quit the chart-topping band last september but he has n't said goodbye to them forever . gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald prepare to hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in glasgow on april 27 .
cle ` bone ' sloan told police suge knight uttered the threat then yanked on the gear stick . police say that was the moment before knight killed terry carter and tried to sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck . knight , the co-founder of death row records , has denied killing sloan .
victoria police revealed there is a distribution network of speed , ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry . one in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road . former melbourne truck driver said his colleagues were taking drugs regularly , and meeting areas were often set up between drivers over radios .
four in ten britons have an average # 77 of unwanted good because they have not got around to returning it . a fifth -lrb- 21 % -rrb- are too busy , believing it takes nearly half an hour to return something each time , suggesting time is put ahead of hard earned cash .
victims were lured to britain but were ` treated like dogs ' , prosecutors say . they were sent to work in dog food factories , food plants and car washes . but they were made to give over all their wages and do housework to pay off ` loans ' for their board and passage , a jury heard .
zeynab daghastani , 13 , was reportedly gunned down by isis snipers in damascus . the teenager , identified as zeynab , was shot and killed as she made her way through the southern streets of the al-yarmouk camp towards the nearby neighbourhood of yalda . thousands of palestinians have been trying to escape yarmouk since the area fell under isis control on april 4 .
holly beard , 24 , and her fiance steve hancock , 27 , tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in january last year . but holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat . before she could tuck in , a member of the public shouted at her : ` she does n't need a cake - look at the size of her
the sea is breathtakingly cerulean blue , the sand as soft as flour . the view from the sea plane is like a turquoise lava lamp as lagoons meet the ocean with swirls and circles of staggering beauty . penny is hard pushed to find fault with her week in the maldives .
lindex opened its first uk store in westfield stratford on march 27 . the scandinavian brand has also brought in toni garrn and ethiopia-born liya kebede . the models have been selected thanks to their work doing good things outside of the fashion world .
darren mcgrady said that when the royal princes were children they swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food . william and harry were apparently fed up with the endless diet of traditional english food so wanted a change . he said that their ` juvenile handwriting gave their identity away ' .
the mole urban project aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules to edge of town consolidation centres . the development project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns , although it is still a long way from fruition .
jodie bredo , 26 , from essex , has been a kate lookalike for six years . wishes the duchess of cambridge would ` change her hair for once ' . admits she fancies prince harry more than william and is not tempted to have her own happy ending like the royal couple .
international monetary fund mainly due to borrowing to buy expensive homes . uk was singled out as having a problem with household debt , along with portugal -- lumping britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis . findings are a stark reminder that the recovery remains fragile .
aidan fraley , 16 , said he believes everyone on the tulsa force is to blame for his father eric harris ' april 2 death . the 16-year-old told nbc he should have been in a retirement home , not out there on the scene killing my dad . bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot eric .
leader of unite asked me with a grin that was more genial than menacing . but all the smiles can not hide the reality that mccluskey and his union are a potent , sinister force in british politics . as the mail reveals today the sheer scale of the influence unite holds on scores of labour candidates is chilling given the socialist revolution .
norma esparza , who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and agreed to testify thursday , said her ex-boyfriend , gianni van , 45 , was outraged when he heard about the assault and demanded that she find and point out gonzalo ramirez at the bar where she met him . van is now charged with the murder of ramirez . prosecutors allege van and friends kidnapped and beat ramirez and left him by the roadside .
app allows users to pose questions , remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users . personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as ` i 'm getting married next week ' to questions about sexual dysfunction , career changes and secret crushes . the app , launched last month by two london advertising executives , harnesses the power of ` collective intelligence ' .
raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe . the pair are sat on a sofa in front of a table with shisha pipes , cans of fizzy fanta orange and a portable music speaker . sterling is considering his future at liverpool and ibe are considered as the two brightest stars to emerge at the club .
the 23-year-old serbian-born fashion star , who appears in a solo editorial in the may issue of vogue , told the publication that she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery because it would transform her from an interesting enigma into just another pretty girl . andreja also revealed during the interview that she has been signed as the newest face for beauty brand make up for ever .
the burger chain contacted the newly-engaged couple via skype and gave them the good news . bk will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags , mason jars and burger king crowns for the event . the couple has been known as burger-king since they were in the fifth grade together , in new berlin , illinois .
counres survey of 4,000 undecided voters finds slim majority . former tory treasurer lord ashcroft suggests ukip 's vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches . also suggests education secretary nicky morgan is set to hold her marginal seat in loughborough . snp leader nicola sturgeon has impressed 21 per cent of voters on the back of her strong performance in last week 's televised leaders ' debate .
us scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that does n't pollute the environment like fossil fuels . the breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , reportedly sent the inappropriate message on march 31 under the subject line : ` great article on writing briefs ' . however , when recipients opened the enclosed link , philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of ' a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act ' . the university says federal law requires it investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature .
the church of scientology is one on a long list of organisations that have been reprimanded for using the word anzac . out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word . forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons , including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate .
gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers around 3.30 am on january 12 . the birds were also jammed into drawers , squeezed to death and even chased by a dog . three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month .
dawn milosky , 45 , of beachwood , n.j. has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle . dashcam footage shows police in the borough of kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area . when officers mark ehrenberg and ricky ferriola arrived on scene , smoke was already coming out of the woman
the marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of sharp park state beach in pacifica on tuesday . on wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died . it is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the north coast of california in over the 40 years , a spokeswoman for the marine mammal center said . in january a rare pygmy sperm whale died after beaching itself in point reyes .
jessica silva 's ex partner , james polkinghorne , sent her a text message threatening to ` cave her f *** ing head in ' and ` bash the f *** ' out of her before arriving at her marrickville home in 2012 . fearing for her life , ms silva called her brother to come help her and sent a desperate text message that said , ` mum , the psycho is coming ' . during a candid interview with 60 minutes , mr polkingh
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia . it covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment . all of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 11 properties currently have 155,000 more calves on the way .
two women aged 47 and 22 held at manchester airport in the early hours of this morning . they were among eight relatives stopped at turkish border with syria on april 1 with university student waheed ahmed . waheed 's aunt , two of his male cousins , his cousin 's wife and their children also flown back to the uk .
the first lady and ` grandmother-in-chief ' marian robinson had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in greenwich village on saturday . the two sat down for a meal at lupa , a small italian eatery on thompson street and were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul mario batali .
aeman presley , 34 , faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in atlanta , another man sleeping outdoors in dekalb county and a hairdresser in a parking garage in decatur . presley allegedly killed three men while they slept outside and shot a woman on her way home from dinner originally set out to rob his victims .
alanna and stephan goetzinger lost their daughter rana during a stillbirth in 2012 and have spoken out against the coroner 's report which blames their midwife . a coroner found that the care given by the midwife who assisted at the birth in 2012 was ` grossly inadequate ' and may have contributed to the death of the baby . the couple , who live on a farm in south-east queensland , have spoken about the night rana was born , and what they claim was a
father-of-two tipu sultan was shot dead outside a takeaway in south shields . the 32-year-old was originally from bangladesh with a gunshot wound . witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area in the direction of lizard lane immediately after the shooting .
neil moore , 28 , was on remand at wandsworth prison in south-west london . emailed wardens posing as court clerk at ` southwalk crown court ' . allowed fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison on march 10 last year . escape motivated by moore 's fear he would be harmed by fellow inmates .
vulcan will use new engines , mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres . aim of both spacex and ula is to end us dependence on russian-built rocket engines , but the technology has so far proven difficult . ula said the new rocket 's first stage will be powered by a pair of liquid-oxygen and liquefied methane engines under development by blue origin .
duke of cambridge has 124m images and mentions on social media of him as a toddler compared with 116m for the younger brother . more than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs , and around # 500 less spent on them in their first year of life .
cassandra cassidy had been stopped outside the addiction recovery centre where she worked shortly after 10pm on friday by two females ` afraid of males in a car ' . the fashion design student was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past while she was talking to the women , and died in hospital shortly afterwards .
kim wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and a large straw hat to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding on april 11 . the 27-year-old opted for one of her go-to brands , whistles for the v-neck , short-sleeved dress , which comes in at # 110 .
james tingley of michigan was convicted on march 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period . his crimes span a period of 50 years . he has called himself `` uncle jim '' but i would call him a monster and a pedophile , investigators said .
the wildcats faced off against the university of wisconsin badgers in saturday night 's semi-final game . now , its wisconsin heading to monday 's final to play duke - their first since 1941 . violence broke out on the streets of uk 's campus in lexington where a huge crowd gathered to vent the loss . throughout the night , police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct .
house-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation . properties are advertised on a number of websites , including trustedhouses.com , which charges a membership fee of # 5.99 a month . canadian bloggers dalene and peter heck were recognised with an award from national geographic .
gareth huw davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the indian ocean , where the holiday industry is recovering . the modern seema malaka temple , colombo , sri lanka . the temple floats on colombo 's beira lake .
a fundraising page set up by friends of the family to help pay funeral expenses has raised almost $ 50,000 in less than a week . mai mach , 60 , was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her albanvale home last tuesday . her grandson , alistair , 4 , was also stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed . cai xia liao , 45 , has been charged with their murder .
alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station 's top job . controller of bbc radio 3 branded audiences ignorant and claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging as a result . he was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over the last 30 years . he said they were bringing high culture to a relatively mass audience .
keir starmer was in charge when operation elveden began its tainted ` witch hunt ' into tabloid journalists . most controversially , he pushed the use of an almost unheard of 13th century law -- misconduct in public office to go after journalists for what amounted to them simply doing their jobs of informing the public .
mario valencia is captured walking along a street in marana , arizona . he points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out . but apparently ignoring his advice , rapiejko overtakes the officer 's car . seconds later , his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect 's body .
houston owner safer hassan said he plans to appeal the decision by the texan department for motor vehicles . more than 120,000 personalized number plates have been issued in texas . one driver thought they were so ` bada ** ' they would tell the world - by applying for this irreverent license plate .
april morris of bennettsville , thought she 'd never see her beloved pit bull , nina louise , again after she went astray in december 2013 . months of searching and a $ 500 cash reward proved fruitless . this past saturday she could n't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the pup 's heartbreaking rescue on local news .
angela merkel and her husband , chemistry professor joachim sauer , had to settle for a measly 12 degrees . the couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star miramare spa hotel on the south of the island . prices start at # 160 per night but can go up to # 280 for some of the more expensive suites .
royal county of berkshire polo club has become one of britain 's most elite sporting venues . it 's attracted royals and celebrities including prince william and harry , actress stephanie powers and rolling stone bill wyman . but attempts to cash in on this elite status by launching a brand of fashion and polo-related goods have been scuppered by the european court .
mei ru , 50 , and husband song ming , 53 , were going shopping in fuzhou , china . she parked her car and her husband climbed out of passenger door . thinking his wife had stopped , mr song walked around and stood behind car . but he died from massive internal bleeding and broken ribs .
nigel farage attacked high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers . half of voters agree with ukip that immigrants should not immediately receive free hiv treatment . ed miliband said his comments were ` disgusting ' , nick clegg said he was ` not going to dignify that with a response ' .
brits spend # 815m a year to ` social media proof ' their wardrobe . nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in same outfit . almost a fifth said they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing in the same outfit online .
claudia alende , 21 , launched a scathing attack on current title-holder indianara carvalho , claiming the model had ` revealed who she truly is ' . ms alende posted the picture to her instagram account on good friday - the day the country 's 130million catholics solemnly remembered the crucifixion and death of christ .
charles collins , 28 , sprang into action at the metro station in central philadelphia when elderly alfred mcnamee lost his footing and fell onto the rails . he walks to the edge of the platform of the septa -lrb- southeastern pennsylvania transportation authority -rrb- subway 's 15th street station , jumps down and helps him to escape . but despite the widespread praise for his actions , he put it all down to ` instinct ' and denied that he is a hero
valbona yzeiraj was arrested on thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault , unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment . authorities said the 45-year-old woman , from white plains , did injections in people 's mouths , performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients ' teeth . prosecutors said she called herself ` dr val ' , putting on a lab coat when her boss , dr jeffrey schoengold , was n't present and doing
steve esmond and his wife , dr theresa devine , and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the sirenusa condominium resort on the island of st. john . the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma . sean , 16 , and ryan , 14 , were in critical condition .
physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain , increasing the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination , a study has found . it could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age , dr urho kujala , of the university of jyvaskyla said .
black vases will be on sale after halloween , red and gold after valentine 's day . not only will they get to know more people , you 'll save money by having to purchases fewer centerpieces and tablecloths . instead of letting guests order expensive shots and spirits , offer beer , wine and a signature cocktail that way .
clarkson was sacked from top gear after punching producer oisin tymon . he will appear as a guest presenter on satirical panel show have i got news for you . clarkson is one of the show 's most frequent guest hosts , having fronted it 11 times . it is understood that bosses at the corporation took weeks to consider if he should be allowed to host the show .
gary saurage , 45 , who runs the gator country wildlife park in beaumont , texas , was called out on monday morning to catch a giant 400lb , 11ft-long alligator from a family 's backyard pond . a photograph of the capture - later posted to facebook - shows him approaching the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away .
the white house kitchen garden was full of school children on wednesday afternoon as flotus oversaw a session of planting spinach , broccoli , lettuce , radish and bok choy . the first lady was on hand to present 15-time grammy winner alicia keys with the recording academy 's recording artists ' coalition award for her ongoing contribution to popular music .
two grand pianos flown in for entertainment and a horse and carriage on stand-by 24 hours a day . the live-in tailor was demanded to make all the ski and apres ski outfits to a group of guests ' personal tastes and cost # 1,700 to hire . it was on standby for two weeks at a cost of # 1400 per day .
khim hang , 22 , displayed his bold collection han with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers . the brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his cambodian heritage and committed to ethical production and looking after his factor workers . the han collection adopted its own punk-look and showed a reinterpretation of what this culture once was .
manchester city fans were filmed singing a vile song about the munich air disaster outside old trafford . it then appears to capture city supporters singing the song which mocks the 1958 tragedy in which 23 people died including manchester united players . greater manchester police spokesman said they would examine video evidence with both clubs to determine whether further action was necessary .
pj spraggins , 39 , was told he was a perfect match for wife tracy , 34 . but the next day the couple from birmingham , alabama , were dealt a blow . his blood pressure was too high to perform the operation . in december 2014 , they got the green light to undergo surgery .
jerusalem syndrome affects people with no history of mental health problems . it is characterised by anxiety , agitation and nervousness . sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean , before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel bed linen . next stage sees sufferers overcome by the need to scream , or sing out loud psalms , verses from the bible , religious hymns or spirituals .
snp leader used bbc tv debate to offer to ` lock david cameron out of downing street ' even if labour has fewer seats than the tories in a hung parliament . she dominated the so-called ` challengers ' debate , and was deemed the best performer by 35 per cent of viewers to the labour leader 's 29 per cent .
laura stevens ' photo series ` another november ' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship . the british photographer , 38 , found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up . the title of the series refers not only to the month in which she and her partner separated , but also the idea of looking forwards a bleak and lonely winter following a lost summer of love .
johnny manziel and colleen crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended tuesday night 's texas rangers game . the pair appear to remain very much an item , but crowley has been taking heat on instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways . on tuesday , crowley posted a video on her instagram page of the texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends .
hundreds of thousands of people who bought british gas shares in 1980s are in line for a windfall after their investment soared in value . shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the hugely successful ` tell sid ' advertising campaign . rise came after royal dutch shell announced plans to buy bg group in a # 47billion deal .
yang yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making all sorts of stir-fried dishes . he also made about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife . the devoted husband is worried that his wife would be eating instant noodles all the time so he cooked different types of dishes .
the raging blaze , reported shortly after 6pm saturday , was sparked by a cooking stove . the fire along the border of cities norco and corona , 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles , resulted in hundreds of people to being told to evacuate the are area over the weekend . by midday , fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire , which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles .
nathan baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer at byron bay blues festival . the 39-year-old was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on easter friday . the kayker was reportedly disgruntled and allegedly slapped the hand of an officer before walking away .
pippa , 31 , looked chic as ever in a tweedy skirt , black blouse and cropped black blazer . the brunette writer accessorised her look with a black tote , # 159 black pumps by jemima vine and oversized sunglasses . pippa is a regular columnist for the weekly cultural and political magazine .
stuart hazell , 39 , murdered the schoolgirl and dumped her body in the loft . he was living there with his partner , 49-year-old christine bicknell , tia 's grandmother . hazell was one of the ` heartbroken ' family members who ` searched for her ' .
aubrey de grey says ageing is a ` disease that can and should be cured ' . believes there is no reason , with the right ` therapies ' , why any of us should n't reach 500 , 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age . paypal boss peter thiel donated # 2.4 million to de grey 's anti-ageing institute strategies for engineered negligible senescence .
israeli jews stood in silence as sirens wailed across the country on thursday marking holocaust memorial day . traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out . commemorations began at sunset on wednesday and were to continue thursday with israeli leaders attending official ceremonies .
10-week-old qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern china . she and her husband fed their daughter then went to work near their house . when she arrived , a white dog with blood around its mouth came running towards her . she dashed to the bedroom where she had been dragged from her bed by the dog .
glitchgap is free for ios and android devices . photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event . all attendees of the event can see this album , and users can only delete the photos they took themselves . any photos deleted from the album are deleted from all users ' accounts .
the instagram account pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap , fattening , convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations . one description , featuring a hot pocket as the centerpiece , read : ` hay-baked hot pockets with hidden valley bacon ranch spheres and a puree of zoodles ' .
the two primates , currently living in a lab at stony brook university , are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus . a representative of the university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition by the nonhuman rights project that chimps hercules and leo are ` unlawfully detained ' . the decision by new york supreme court justice barbara jaffe effectively recognises the chimpanzees as legal humans .
charlie hughes , 20 , was stood near the bar at the adelphi pub in preston . she was struck on the side of the head by a pint glass thrown across the room . jordan goode , also aged 20 , had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music . miss hughes had to be rushed to hospital after she started bleeding profusely . she now has to see a facial specialist and has been warned her facial features might drop .
chloe knapton , 21 , had to have surgery after a stranger smashed down her car window while she was sitting in a traffic jam . the 21-year-old dancer has been left with deep wounds to her shoulder , neck , nose and mouth following the attack . she has released shocking photos which show the extent of the young woman 's injuries .
delroy facey , 34 , is alleged to have become involved in ` ugly side ' of his sport by acting as a middleman for two men who have already been convicted of match-fixing . facey denies conspiracy to commit bribery and is standing trial at birmingham crown court alongside former non-league player moses swaibu .
italian coast guard helped save 144 migrants monday from a capsized boat in the waters off libya . about 150 survivors -- mostly from sub-saharan africa -- were rescued and brought to an italian port on monday . witnesses said his body was attacked by sharks who had been following the boat .
eric coins , who was drinking in the city of sunrise posted the video to youtube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women . the stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as coins tells the man : ` there are people who f ****** die in that uniform ' . in the footage , a young man is seen asking the alleged fake service member , a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training . as the confrontation continues , the
lauren perry , 25 , had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy . her twins mason and chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks . but the parents ' fears for the lives of their newborns did not end there . eight months later when mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus .
urosses beaudoin , 39 , gunned down ulysses nelson tuesday night after showing up at the family 's home in katy , texas , with his mistress in tow . deputies say the deadly confrontation took place at around 9amm at 6622 gordon drive in the bear creek meadows subdivision . nelson was pronounced dead at the scene from his wounds .
in england alone , there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia . here , we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier for them and their loved ones . the early stages of the disease bring changes that may be so subtle that some friends and acquaintances are unaware that there is anything wrong .
christopher eccleston has suggested he quit the show after falling out . the 51-year-old actor , who grew up in manchester , played the doctor for just 13 episodes during the first series of the show 's revival in 2005 . he has previously hinted about a row with show bosses over his decision to play the character with a strong northern accent .
rejean hermel perron accused of holding woman captive for five days . 27-year-old sex trade worker emerged from home in toronto , canada , bound by handcuffs , badly bruised and naked from waist down begging for help . she told police her kidnapper was still inside , but had fallen asleep .
president rafael correa pictured with arm around boy wearing ` i 'm with stupid ' t-shirt . casually-dressed 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent english . picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks in south america . it is now trending with the hashtag #iamwithstupidmashi .
thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the volksbank in steglitz , berlin , in january 2013 . the gang , who fled the bank with diamonds , gold and silver worth more than # 8.3 m , have never been found . it now appears the berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the easter weekend raid in london .
dmitri kovtun , who is wanted for the dissident 's murder , insisted that he was not involved in mr litvinenko 's death and suggested that he had poisoned himself without knowing it . the suspect , a former kgb agent , will be arrested on suspicion of murder if he tries to travel to britain .
a two-year-old boy is recovering after falling into a cheetah exhibit at the cleveland metroparks zoo after his parents dangled him over the edge . the toddler 's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on saturday . the child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . he suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition .
vice correspondent gianna toboni traveled to india to explore the country 's booming gestational surrogacy industry . she did n't anticipate ` how dark ' the story would get , but nothing could have prepared her for the moment when someone offered to sell her a baby over dinner while she was working undercover in india . but the heartbreak did not end there .
xara grogan , 29 , forced practice nurse to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her , a tribunal heard . colin cromie , 49 , would snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be ` abrupt and rude ' , it was alleged . he would also snatch instruments and blamed her for a fall-out with another dental practice , it is alleged .
todd kincannon , 33 , was arrested and booked into the lexington county detention center on monday evening . a bond hearing is scheduled for tuesday . his wife , ashely griffith , told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a march 26 argument in their car , ` squeezing it tightly , thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle ' . an arrest warrant alleges that he ` accidentally overdosed ' on the prescription drug benzonatate -- which he says he was taking to
victorino chua , 49 , denies murdering patients tracey arden , 44 , arnold lancaster , 71 , and derek weaver , 83 . prosecution claim defendant changed tack in january 2012 amid ongoing police investigation and increased security when he deliberately altered drug dosages on prescription charts .
perkins tweeted : ` my timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead ... this morning , someone suggested they 'd like to see me burn to death . all of which goes to say that i am off twitter for a bit . love and peace x ' . clarkson 's future at the bbc remains uncertain but he will be back on the channel later this month to host satirical quiz show have i got news for you .
st george 's county asylum opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients and expands over 350 metres . it closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments . shattered doors , overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the grade ii listed asylum where patients were restrained by means of ` the leather muff ' .
more than 1,700 chinese students took the exam in a playground at a high school in yichuan , shaanxi province on saturday . the students thought of everything and in order to avoid being dazzled by the sunshine , which may have caused them to feel dizzy . some of the students also suggested it could help to prevent cheating .
nina anderson , 78 , searched pawn shops after gold and silver necklaces were taken from her bedroom as she watched television . great-grandmother , who lives with husband maurice , 75 , eventually spotted two of the stolen items in the window of a cash and cheque express . her actions echo those of agatha christie character miss marple , who was played on itv by actress geraldine mcewan .
malaja was in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala and her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside around 4.30 pm thursday . the shooting took place at an intersection near the lake fenwick estates apartment complex in kent , washington . police initially suggested road rage as a motive , but cmdr. jarod kasner told the seattle times that police no longer think that 's the case after further investigation .
former labour minister liam byrne sent note to successor in 2010 . he said : ` dear chief secretary , i 'm afraid there is no money . kind regards -- and good luck ! liam ' . note has become emblematic of labour 's fiscal irresponsibility in office . but mr ball insisted note admitting labour had blown nation 's finances .
perche wright , 27 , was arrested on saturday after the suspect 's friend and neighbors reported seeing wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match . the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns . wright has a criminal history with charges that include prostitution , disorderly conduct , and domestic violence .
europe has been urged to copy australia 's military-led ` stop the boats ' policy to avoid migrant tragedies in the mediterranean . pm tony abbott said it was the only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives when a fishing boat capsized on saturday night .
geordie shore star charlotte crosby has lost over two and a half stone . her co-stars vicky pattison , 27 , holly hagan , 22 , and marnie simpson have also dropped the pounds over the past 12 months . some have questioned whether the actress has taken things too far .
carl hendrick , head of learning and research at wellington college , has attacked the ` tidal wave of guff ' in classrooms . ` missives in mediocrity ' often tell pupils to ` live your dream ' and ` be all that you can do it ' , it has been claimed .
ashery bines upset her followers when she mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $ us49 ,500 per year . the gold coast training queen apologised to her ` very angry and upset ' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program . ms bines said spots in the program involved her taking ` your body , mind and soul to a 10 % of the price ' .
kenneth wanamaker jr , 37 , pleaded guilty on friday , weeks before a scheduled trial in the northhampton county , pennsylvania , case against him . a dentist had testified the girl 's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health . she had been scheduled for surgery in march but did not end up having an procedure because her parents never scheduled a pre-operation examination .
two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before . but smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent . the cdc report is based on a national survey of about 22,000 students at middle schools and high schools , both public and private .
bobby flay is said to be offering his soon-to-be ex-wife just $ 5,000 a month - despite a personal worth of more than $ 20million . according to tmz , the prenup between the food network star and the law and order : svu actress provides her with the relatively meager sum for five years .
pooch mavis was brought to arlington park in mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip , the man 's brother , chris wilson , told wwlp . the alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials , according to the television station .
group working in north-west has been accused of filming attacks . one teenager has told greater manchester police he was beaten up . he thought he was meeting an underage girl in a church car park . when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile .
ricky ricardo chiles iii , 27 , killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the presidential inn & suites in lyon , illinois on thursday around 9am . since tuesday , police were looking for chiles in connection to the killing 40-year-old archie brown jr and 15-old rasheed chiles . damani terry , damani 's brother , was struck by the gunfire at the scene of the accident . ch
photographs captured between 1850 and 1855 by photographer hugh owen . they could fetch up to # 30,000 when they go up for auction in cirencester tomorrow . other shots are almost identical , including one of st john the baptist 's gate at church of st. john .
the 78 irish travellers had refused to budge despite facing three different courts , a planning inquiry and a council . the group claimed the eviction ` violated ' the human rights of the 39 children living on the site in 60 caravans . last october , the camp , which had flouted planning rules , appeared to have lost its case after the travellers were told to move out by the court of appeal .
israel-based link computational imaging in a deal reportedly worth $ 20 million -lrb- # 13.5 million -rrb- . linx makes ` multi-aperture ' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology . this technology could be added to the next-generation iphones and ipads . rather than capturing a flat 2d image , the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph . this lets
supermodel liya kebede has become the first black woman to grace the cover of vogue in five years . the 39-year-old ethiopian-born stunner fronts vogue paris ' upcoming may issue , before mrs kebedo was model rose cordero in march 2010 .
sophie english was one of thousands of babies born at the height of the vietnam war and adopted by an australian family . there has been very little information to help ms english find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up . she was finally given a chance to find closure with abc 's foreign correspondent sally sara who travelled with her to the country in search of answers . the last time ms english had seen her home country was when she was 10
the comic and feminist campaigner recalled an incident at the new york comedy club when she claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart . she recorded a wage-discrimination-activism video for levo league . silverman has since publicly apologized to martin and revealed she fabricated the story . but she stressed that critics should not use the story as a way to undermine the gender pay gap campaign .
jason rezaian , 39 , was jailed in tehran on july 22 , 2014 , but details of the charges had never been released . his lawyer leila ahsan detailed the four serious offences her client faces , in a decision branded absurd monday by the white house and the newspaper . as well as allegedly spying under the first two charges , the journalist stands accused of gathering classified information and disseminating propaganda against the islamic republic .
finley lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality periventricular nodular heterotopia - which means many of his ` grey matter ' cells have not migrated to the correct position . he is also highly likely to suffer heart , lung and bowel problems . but the five-year-old amazed mother sara when he took his first steps last year and has continued to defy the odds by starting primary school .
miliband said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in africa in the hope of making it to europe . he also called on the uk to take a ` fare share ' of refugees fleeing civil war . around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach europe in boats launched from libya .
the ` goblins ' are scientifically known as ` hoodoos ' - rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column 's spire-like shape from weather erosion . once known as the mushroom valley , the area was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle in 1964 .
the edwardian-style building and shopfront on brunswick street in fitzroy was once owned by wei tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five thai women as sex slaves . the brothel , formerly known as club 417 , has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa , as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room . the property even comes with a brothel licence , according to the advertisement .
ranulfo perez , 48 , was arrested by police after he allegedly groped a 16-year-old girl who was outside a toys r us store as she was shown round with her tour group . however he was later released by the manhattan district attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker .
the rosehall estate near inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land . it was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was when it was bought by hugh ` bendor ' grosvenor . the super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer .
body of charmain adusah , 41 , was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days . her husband , eric isaiah , a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher , was alleged to have left the hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died .
leroy j. toppins went missing on friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in washington court house , ohio . his body was found in an adjacent quarry saturday night . police say they have no reason to consider the death of leroy suspicious , believing he wandered off by himself .
people who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13 % higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce . it means an extra # 2,100 a year -- # 17,800 rather than # 15,700 -- to anyone who has kept their marriage intact . one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles .
scientists at the royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists at the world congress in brisbane have called for more research to try and better understand women 's motivations . labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ` lips ' of the vagina - have risen five-fold in the past 10 years , with more than 2,000 operations performed in 2010 . the trend is reflected in australia where procedures have more than doubled in the same time period .
the area 's tiny population of 86 includes four of america 's top 500 richest people , according to forbes . they are activist investor carl icahn ; hedge fund manager eddie lampert ; car dealership owner norman braman and mutual fund mogul charles johnson . each property boasts waterfront locations and stunning views , but the most sought after attribute is the security .
the tiny montana outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver , but it was deserted a few years later . local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents , with visitors saying they heard music and laughter , even in winter . now the u.s. bureau of land management is offering free food , housing a job to people willing to live in garnet and work as a tour operator .
the 34-year-old reveals her daily diet , which includes a breakfast of eggs and a healthy lunch of fish with vegetables . a typical day 's food for kim could include scrambled eggs , oatmeal or a protein shake for breakfast and dinner . kim also admits she might once have had ten sweeteners in there .
hannah overton , 37 , wiped back tears as she , along with her husband larry and five children , celebrated news that after her conviction overturned for poisoning her son , andrew burd , with an overdose of salt . throughout her incarceration , her family stood by her and protested her innocence , but nueces county district attorney mark skurka had said shortly after she was released that he would push again for capital murder charges . he could do this as her conviction was overturned because of ineffective counsel
teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they attempt to find instant stardom on the itv talent show . for the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the uk for the new series . move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools on the days of auditions .
the 6ft vessel held together long enough for the men to set up their rods and haul in some fish . but they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off jaywick , essex , and they had to call 999 . a lifeboat crew arrived to find neither man wearing a lifejacket , and one unable to swim .
former supermodel , 46 , suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter grace , now 11 . she said today she 's feeling ` stronger and healthier ' than ever . her experience inspired her to launch every mother counts in 2010 , an organisation dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world .
daniel p. finney , 39 , of iowa , ignored that at 563lbs he was severely overweight - even shrugging off strangers who called him ` fatty ' as he walked down the street . after a series of health issues , the writer became inspired to shed more than half of his body weight the natural way and chronicle his journey for the des moines register .
clegg said he would not allow lib dems to prop up david cameron in power . he also suggested he would veto a new deal unless tories agreed new taxes . but the deputy prime minister defended his record in government with cameron . michael fallon launched an extraordinary attack on ed miliband last week .
gisele , 34 , was seen walking for colcci during são paulo fashion week in her native brazil , wearing a selection of summery ensembles . the mother-of-two sizzled in a pretty white embroidered halterneck dress along with some black knee-high gladiator-style boots .
the fbi recovered one of the gold bars stolen in a $ 5 million armored truck robbery in north carolina last month . investigators say the location the bar was found - somewhere in south florida - has provided them with a big break in the case . the gold totaled $ 4.8 million , but the truck was carrying about $ 10 million worth of metal , so the thieves left half the load - mostly silver - behind .
england drew 2-2 with norway at the seaview stadium on thursday night . 22 women from england and norway 's under 19 sides got together for a couple of minutes of football . leah williamson went the same way as her successful spot-kick last saturday .
alan greaves caught with almost 20,000 images of child abuse on his computer . police raided his home in colne , lancashire , in september 2013 . they found the disturbing images on a digital storage device . forensic examination of the abuse images found almost 700 were of the most serious category , with a further 872 at the next level . greaves , who pleaded guilty to two offences of making indecent images , is barred from working with children .
david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday in nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on saturday . he also has an elected position on the manchester school board , according to ayotte 's office . ayotte said that he ` obviously can not continue his duties ' .
chris appleton , who has been working as singer rita ora 's hairstylist for two years , confessed to daily mail online that her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of work and ` maintenance ' . he insists that the singer is n't planning to follow in kim kardashian 's footsteps and make a change to brunette any time soon .
angela maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift preparing meals at the lunch club at coningsby community hall in lincolnshire . the 67-year-old was seen arriving there yesterday morning , just days after her husband richard stunned her with the news they had won # 53million .
divers were travelling from bombay to england in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a u-boat 480 miles south of st helena . it was long assumed that the vessel 's cargo , belonging to the uk treasury , would be lost forever such was the complexity of the task facing salvage experts .
the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police . many of the protesters cited the deaths of eric garner in staten island and walter scott in south carolina . the protesters marched from manhattan 's union square and across the brooklyn bridge where they partially blocked traffic .
jason lee , 38 , forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to ` shut the f *** up ' so her friends in the next room would not hear . the assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ` hysterical ' state she was unable to talk . lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was ` no big deal ' and dismissively told the first police officer on the scene : ` we
students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses . at the same time , foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average . study will rankle with the increasing number calling for the legislation of cannabis around the world .
new channel 4 series shines a light on the uk 's billion-pound supercar industry . some of the best salespeople can turn over millions of pounds of profit every year . a standard supercar can cost around # 250,000 , with the exterior paint alone costing up to # 10,000 .
lord janner was one of the most prominent labour politicians and campaigners of his time . he qualified as a barrister in 1954 and was appointed a qc in 1971 . he has fought tirelessly for the return of jewish assets held in swiss banks by the nazis . detectives have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused by janner in their youth .
violeta tupuola has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge by placing a shot glass over her mouth so the vacuum of air causes the lips to swell . in an attempt to emulate kylie jenner 's bee-stung pout , violeta had such protruding lips that social media users have compared her to a duck . the video starts off with violeta putting lip gloss on her already luscious lips before she suctioning the shot glass over
stella schaefer , 19 , is being cared for in prison by heather mack , 19 . mack allegedly murdered her socialite mother sheila von wiese-mack last august . while stella was being looked after by a friend outside the court , a blanket fell away revealing the child 's face to the world for the first time .
uk researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago . they found the heat near the impact site in mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material . a heat pulse lasted less than a minute , too short to set plants alight . it suggests our understanding of the mass extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs may not be as complete as thought .
natasha hope-simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee . she has a handicap permit on her car but that was not enough to convince a furious onlooker that she has an artist .
chinese man recovering in hospital after a car crash had a shock . all 17 of his girlfriends turned up to see him - some for up to nine years . none of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else . story has attracted a lot of attention on social media , with some condemning mr yuan 's actions and others expressing admiration .
martin johnson , 46 , was walking his granddaughter charly pennett home . he narrowly missed being caught up in the crash in beaumont leys , leicestershire . one of the rear wheels of the # 250,000 supercar was a write-off because he would just ` buy another one tomorrow ' .
a man has accused rapper dmx and his entourage of robbing him while at a new jersey gas station on easter morning . the unidentified newark resident , 22 , said he recognized the rapper , whose real name is earl simmons , while at an exxon station on sunday . police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with dmx about rap music around 12.30 am , according to nj.com . the rapper then got into one of four black cadillac
the unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a cambridge-based tour operator ahead of pacino 's three-city speaking tour in the uk and ireland . event travel , which is offering the five-figure ticket package , declined to say whether anyone has paid for a spot on the private jet .
four-vehicle pile-up forced the closure of the road near the junction with tottenham court road . it caused significant disruption for traffic in central london . richard beltran , 38 , said it involved an audi tt sports car , a mercedes , and two routemasters - dubbed ` boris buses ' .
corey edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect . he endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life . his greatest wish was for his parents jemma , 21 , and craig , 28 , to tie the knot . but despite getting engaged three years ago , his health put their plans on hold . staff at bristol children 's hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside , including getting the archbishop of can
the thief scaled a two-storey antique market before breaking into a rooftop vent and squeezing down a narrow shaft to reach the store . he picked three sets of locks and crawled on the floor ` like a snake ' to avoid triggering infrared security beams . the eight-minute raid has been likened to a mission impossible film .
the karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday 's incident 18 miles from ardglass on the south-east shore of northern ireland . the damage is thought to have been caused by a russian submarine . this week raf typhoons were launched to intercept two russian aircraft near uk air space .
rodney stover , 48 , a convicted sex offender lived in bellevue men 's shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles , rapists , and other sex-offenders . the dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the k through 12 churchill school for learning-disabled children .
neill st. sharon edwards , 55 , was last seen on march 14 in grafton , nsw . her car was left parked in her driveway and the clothes she had been wearing were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom . there was no sign of forced entry at her grafton home and it has left her family despairing and fixated on their many unanswered questions .
justin whittington of bakersfield , california was taken into custody on thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online . the relationship between the toddler and his father has not yet been revealed by police . the owner of vest market harry dindral said the man was the boy 's father and said that he 's seen them in the store together before .
the 50-year-old food network standout is ` heartbroken ' about the split and his wife is ` mighty unhappy ' with the prenup which is said to favor bobby . also on friday the new york daily news claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with mad men star january jones .
two women and a 23-year-old man were removed from the plane just before it left bristol for faro around 7pm yesterday . police requested the delayed passengers board the flight in anticipation of the air traffic slot time improving . bristol airport confirmed that the drunk passengers ' actions caused further delays to the ryanair flight .
jamar nicholson , 15 , and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 . two police officers working for the lapd 's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn . one of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire . the gun that officers thought had an orange tip indicating that it was fake was actually fake . nicholson
andrea bradley , 28 , and glen bates , 32 , have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter last month . prosecutor joe deters says the parents , both of cincinnati , could face the death penalty if convicted of all the charges .
detectives release cctv image of woman they want to trace after money was stolen . female victim collapsed and started violently fitting in seizure that lasted 20 minutes . passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage of drama , reaching into woman 's handbag and stealing # 60 .
the director of television wants the long-running sci-fi series to be turned into a movie to capitalise on its worldwide success . but the emails show doctor who 's creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation . the messages between andrea wong , president of international production for sony , and its chief executive michael lynton were among 173,000 hacked by north korea .
edwin mee , 46 , is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an army careers centre in croydon . the scottish officer - known as ` jock ' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between october 2010 and september 2011 . mee told jurors about his military career , and firmly denied the allegations .
irish tourist barry lyttle , 33 , has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . he was allegedly struck by his brother , barry in kings cross in sydney 's inner-city on january 3 . lyttle was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma . the maximum jail term is two years , rather than the district court .
mandi l. walkley , 39 , and jacob m. austin , 52 , were in the dungeness bay , where swells were as high as 3ft , for one to two hours before they could be rescued by the coast guard . both passed away after they were transported to nearby hospitals . his pastor , bill bowers , said kelley is ` not able to speak at the moment ' .
the duke and duchess of cambridge 's due date is just over three days away . officers were out in force , pulling lamp posts apart as they scoured the area for anything troubling . many of whom had set up camp on a set of benches and had decorated the area with posters and bunting .
jeff mccubbery , 72 , from mandurang and ian bullock , 65 , from blackburn devised the plan for captain cootie cards over twenty years ago . the pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards , coffee mugs , stubby-holders and calendars -- but their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to . ` people are dorks not drongos , guys not blokes . we decided
the network is designed to let users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views . first launched two months ago , it could only be downloaded by users in the us who live in states that have legalised cannabis . but now it 's available globally via apple 's app store and google play , after getting approval to widen its reach .
the 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at hansons in etwall , derbyshire , on june 26 . it was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the nightingale family at lea hurst , near matlock . she wrote of what she had seen in the conflict with her 1859 notes on nursing still considered as having shaped the profession today .
lance futch , 26 , donned a white wrinkled polo shirt and drove to hill air force base in utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium . instead , futch was sat at a table with obama , utah senator orrin hatch , congressman rob bishop , and salt lake city mayor ralph becker . futch said he was shocked but honored when the senior official turned out to be obama .
discovery was made after archaeologists found what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle , dating to around a.d. 600 . bronze-working had not been developed at this time in alaska , and researchers instead believe the artefacts were created in china , korea or yakutia .
jondrew lachaux , 39 , and kellie phillips , 38 , turned themselves in after the three children were found , north las vegas police said . they have been arrested and face child abuse charges . a teenager is also charged with concealing evidence after the toddler 's badly decomposed body was found in the garage .
claire , emily , christine and lily vincenti were taken from their italian home by their mother three years ago . their mother , laura garrett , had australian passports made for the girls and fled to australia . the sisters were returned to italy in 2012 after ms garrett 's story fell apart .
residents from fairdale , an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of chicago , were told they could return to their homes on saturday to salvage what they could . but buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on thursday night . the other 33 have all been damaged in some way .
abubaker deghayes has left his home in brighton to travel to libya . the 21-year-old has been fighting for jabhat al-nusra , a group affiliated with al-qaeda , who are battling the islamic state and syrian forces . he has not been in contact with his father for nearly four weeks .
lance corporal joshua leakey showed immense bravery by drawing enemy fire and helping his comrades before taking the fight to the taliban in august 2013 . the 27-year-old is the second member of his family to receive the vc for bravery during the afghanistan campaign .
the bill would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels . according to the federal centers for disease control and prevention , that is about as loud as a school cafeteria . it also would n't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph , in case the hand-dryer manufacturer does n't label the decibel level .
victoria ayling made the comments after being confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at ukip meetings . after saying it was because she had spent ` five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in afghanistan ' , lieutenant colonel ron shepherd launched an investigation .
austin west , 4 , passed away last saturday after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool . austin 's grandfather , jeff west , says that when he attempted to launch a gofundme campaign to raise money to cover his grandson 's final expenses , he was shocked to find there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy 's name on the site . the fake fundraisers have since been deleted from gofundme
police officer smashed car window in surbiton , south-west london , at lunchtime . mother tried to open door when keys to range rover were locked inside . she grew increasingly distressed as car became hotter - with no fresh air inside . incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8 c at st james 's park .
jean-marie le pen , 86 , angered his daughter marine , 46 , and now wants granddaughter marion marechal-le pen , 25 , to replace him in the regional elections . mr le pen had repeated his claim that the holocaust was ` a detail of history ' .
ashley graham , 27 , says she 's been stripping to her skivvies since she was 14 . the nebraska native has made a career of flaunting her voluptuous curves , becoming a regular in plus-size retailer lane bryant 's ads and making history as the first plus size model to appear in sports illustrated 's swimsuit issue .
the savage animals tumbled down a snowy iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below . wildlife photographer einar gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera . the two male foxes fought each other in bitter sub-zero temperatures after one of them had been copulating with a vixen .
edwin ` jock ' mee , 45 , allegedly targeted 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 . southwark crown court heard he ` kept ' to himself so he could sexually abuse them . many of his vulnerable victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands .
a state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the central valley . delta farmers do n't deny using as much water as they need . but they say their history of living at the water 's edge gives them that right . still , they have been asked to report how much water they 're pumping and to prove their legal rights to it .
the unnamed woman , whose email was shared by a recipient yesterday on reddit , demands a $ 63.99 water table from walmart , a $ 14.99 play tunnel from ikea , and a $ 7.99 cheerios book . she even goes as far as to require her guests include a receipt with their gifts so that she can get the full value back if she needs to return them .
maurice thibaux stormed onto the catwalk at sydney 's mercedes-benz fashion week on sunday night . the 67-year-old french native said he had no problem with the music but the rumble accompanied it . he said he was ` very sorry ' to have disturbed the show , which finished at 7pm .
hamilton filed for divorce from his wife , katie , in late february , it has emerged . the divorce petition was filed in tarrant county , texas , where hamilton played five seasons with the texas rangers before moving to la . hamilton , 33 , married his wife in 2004 . he will appear on the 10th season of the real housewives of orange county when it airs this summer .
former cuban president fidel castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year . the state-run cubadebate website says castro greeted a group of venezuelans visiting the capital of havana . the meetings , with photos taken inside castro 's bus , are the former president 's first public appearance since january 2014 .
the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall are spending their anniversary privately at birkhall in deeside . the couple married a decade ago at the windsor guildhall , which sits on the queen 's balmoral estate . charles wears a country coat made from inveravon estate tweed and a matching hat by lock & co .
the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on april 16 last year with most of the victims , high school students . thousands of protesters met in the capital seoul to call on officials to raise the sewol after senior government officials said they would ` consider it ' .
brian klawiter posted a message on his company 's facebook page on tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business in grandville , michigan . ' i would not hesitate to refuse service to an openly gay person or persons , ' he wrote . so fat the mechanic 's post has been shared over 1,000 times , attracting hundreds of comments and more than 1,800 likes . the businessman claims he was taking a stand for conservative christian
roxy wallace , 50 , from churchdown , gloucestershire , began to struggle with depression shortly after marrying jo in 1994 . the long-term condition was caused by bob 's belief that he had been born into the wrong body , a turmoil which made it impossible to have a meaningful relationship with his son william . but in october 2013 , roxy finally revealed the truth to her wife jo .
the family of larry upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the kannapolis man 's death and burial this week . upright 's daughter , jill mclain , said the rock-ribbed republican was passionate about politics . a group of nevada sex workers have come out in favor of the democratic contender .
viv nicholson won # 152,319 , 18 shillings and 8d on the littlewoods pools in 1961 . the petite 25-year-old blonde charmed the world with an unapologetic joie de vivre , declaring that the money would indeed change her life .
stephanie scott 's accused killer , high school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , lived with his mother anika and elder brother luke . police allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner 's toyota hilux , a picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys . the back door of the property was left permanently ajar as investigators swarmed the property on thursday evening .
tibor racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle , north of sydney , on sunday night when they were attacked . his daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help , but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete . at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head .
johnny manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on january 28 . the cleveland browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team , which begin on april 20 . this as many are still wondering what future the highly touted athlete will have in the nfl .
heidi bretscher 's troubles began around mile 17 of the rock n ' roll raleigh marathon that took place earlier this month . the 28-year-old runner was so far ahead of the pack it was n't clear to her which way she was meant to go . she found a police officer who gave her a ride back to mile 17 . somehow , she ended up running entirely off the planned route .
tudor jones ii , the billionaire founder of tudor investment corporation , bought the casa apava estate in palm beach last week . the seven-bedroom , 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access , as well as a tennis court , movie theater , swimming pool and gym .
richard kerr , 53 , said he was one of three youngsters taken from home . once in the capital , they were allegedly molested by politicians and other establishment figures at dolphin square and elm guest house . claims will add weight to calls for the allegations about irish children 's home to be covered by the official abuse inquiry .
the menagerie came to light when customs officials at domodedovo airport electronically scanned a 27kg bag belonging to a female passenger who had flown from indonesia via qatar . experts are trying to identify the ` amazingly beautiful `` kitten '' with bright green eyes and stripes ' among the trafficked animals .
chair was on first class promenade deck when liner sank in 1912 . it was found bobbing on surface of atlantic by crew of mackay-bennett . log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in halifax , nova scotia . anonymous owner has never sat on it due to fragile state and instead used it as display item .
staffordshire terrier izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in august 2012 after escaping from her owner 's backyard . lawyers for victorian woman tania isbester appealed to the high court hoping to have her terrier saved from being put down . this is the first time a dog on death row is heard in australia 's highest court .
bob heslip , 50 , suffers from neurofibromatosis type 1 , or nf-1 , which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body . however , he says he feels comfortable in his skin for the first time in his life now that he has joined the venice beach freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady and america 's smallest couple .
kyle schwartz has been a teacher for three years and says that many of her students at doull elementary school come from underprivileged backgrounds . she asked all for he children to write down one thing they wanted to tell her , but would n't normally in the classroom situation and the results were heartbreaking . the first note was from a student who said they did n't have pencils at home to do homework especially heartbreaking .
prince harry has lost none of his military skills on what are expected to be the last manoeuvres of his ten-year military career . the 30-year-old took to the air in the royal australian air force 's tiger assault helicopter , which is similar to the apache the prince flew in combat sorties against the taliban in afghanistan in 2012 . harry 's participation in the exercises follows his visit to the remote kununurra region of western
alcohol-related crimes included drink-driving a steam engine , riding a horse while drunk and being intoxicated to the point of ` complete incompetence ' . they were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the inebriates act of 1898 . publicans were told they could recognise her by a tattoo of the prince of wales 's feathers .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court . the two australian 's lawyers sought a constitutional court review to make clear the president 's obligations . the pair 's attorney-general hm prasetyo has dismissed the challenge as delaying tactics .
professor ninian peckitt , 63 , claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture when he hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head , a medical hearing heard . the patient , known as patient a , had come to ipswich hospital in february 2012 after an industrial accident . but he required a second procedure after falling off the bed in hospital which displaced his cheekbone .
carpool pound and moore in cape breton , nova scotia , had posted ` effective as of now , we will no longer allow small screaming children ' . the message , posted last sunday night , was deleted by monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents .
judy murray and his new bride had their first dance on saturday night . the former strictly come dancing star left the venue following their wedding . she admitted the wedding of andy , 27 , to his long-term girlfriend kim sears , also 27 , had been ` fantastic ' and ` wonderful ' .
charles kingham , 86 , and partner pauline moore , 68 , have been together for 40 years . they bought their home in mablethorpe for # 35,000 in 1987 but it became a ` living hell ' after it was converted into an integrated offender management centre . pair have suffered health problems as a result of the stress the ordeal has put them under .
summer elbardissy was partying at beta theta pi fraternity house at wesleyan university in middletown , connecticut , last year when she tried to reach a makeshift roof deck . but instead of making it onto the deck , where students often gathered , she fell out of a third-story window . moments later , another teenager heard what ` sounded like a thud hitting the ground ' . she was rushed to st francis hospital with serious injuries , including a brain injury and swelling
the 34-year-old reality tv star was captured dining in a non-kosher venue in the holy land alongside her husband , rapper kanye west , 37 , and jerusalem 's mayor , nir barkat . following the outing , mr barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his twitter page , writing that he had joined kanye and kim ` to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city ' . however , the next day , only kanye
apple will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow at its retail stores and several special popup stores around the world . customers in australia , canada , china , france , germany , hong kong , the uk and the us can try on and experience apple watch at their local apple store or at galeries lafayette in paris .
superyacht owners or charter clients are n't content to just sip margaritas in the sun or watch films in their on-board cinemas . they go to great lengths to one-up fellow members of the world 's one per cent or impress their celebrity guests . sales and charter brokerages are kept busy with outrageous requests for everything from high-end food and entertainment to luxurious decor .
tories would offer discounts of up to 70 % to 1.3 million families in housing association properties to buy their home . but the national housing federation said the subsidy will cost taxpayers # 5.8 billion and was worth # 100,000 to each family who benefited . labour jumped on the remarks , claiming the policy had ` unravelled ' .
russell henley flew to georgia last sunday to prepare for the master 's tournament . the pro-golfer tweeted his frustration to united airlines , who misplaced his golf clubs when he was en route to the tournament . henley was quick to thank the airline and even apologised ` for the mix-up ' .
the ch-53e super stallion landed on the shore of this northern san diego county town shortly after 11:30 am after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit . the 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores . it crouched on the sand below a bluff and only a few yards from the surf line , dwarfing lifeguard vehicles parked nearby .
ten people , including four children , have been involved in a multi-vehicle crash in brisbane 's west . a 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter . six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to ipswich hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment .
researchers at new york university have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'em otionally neutral events ' that gain significance through subsequent experience . they have said this points to the adaptive nature of human memory . emotion increases our ability to remember by affecting activity in brain regions involved in emotional processing - particularly the amygdala and striatum .
tiger woods showed up to the event at the augusta national golf club in georgia with his two children , sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , and his girlfriend lindsey vonn , who was dressed in a floor-length , spaghetti strap gown , accessorized with diamonds and louis vuitton . other golfers brought girlfriends and kids , and rory mcilroy even brought one directioner niall horan along for the contest .
workers at two texas stores , as well as in california , florida and oklahoma , were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs . walmart will put both the full-time and part-time workers affected by the closures on paid leave for two months as they try to transfer to another walmart location . some employees of the pico rivera location believe the store is being closed because it has recently become a center for protests by workers demanding better wages and
two-deck vessel ` flipped ' after a commercial ship was spotted and men on the deck ran to one side , the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea . hundreds of terrified women and children sheltering from the cold in the hull were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down .
photographs by german artist jörg düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland . in many of the pictures , the intricate detailing of the paint on the naked bodies means it is virtually impossible to determine where the person is . the artist places the model next to a tree half-painted and then adds the details to make her blend into the environment .
just 11 per cent of research funding from he government and charities into the uk 's leading causes of death and disability was allocated to dementia . despite extra cash pumped into the two diseases recently by government bodies , they remain underfunded given the economic and personal impact felt by millions of sufferers and their families .
colin kay was driving his citroen picasso on the a586 in great eccleston . he had fitted a camera to his dashboard and revealed how he had no time to react . the 72-year-old was left with bruises after the crash and his wife krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder .
private jets and exclusive bolt-holes are not only the preserve of the super rich . if you know where to look , how to shop and when to book you can save thousands of pounds on exclusive travel deals . from private islands and aston martins to castles and 75ft yachts , travelmail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire .
conchita van der waal had worked at the central bank of the netherlands for eight years . but for the past six of them , she has also been offering her sexual services at more than # 300 an hour . she asked clients for requests , saying ` the kinkier the better ' .
tony blair 's global money-making projects face fresh scrutiny after publication of bizarre deal to sell theory of ` deliverology ' to colombia . questions have also been raised about why the fees for the former labour prime minister are being paid by the united arab emirates and not the colombian government .
threat came as angela eagle , labour 's shadow leader of the commons , revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung parliament . but the snp , forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more mps , suggested it would hold ed miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the trident nuclear defence programme .
the two four-year pilot culls in somerset and gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them . it concluded that the first two years of culling had not demonstrated conclusively that ` controlled shooting ' of badgers could be effective and humane . animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said the bva 's ongoing support for cage-trapping and shooting was ` regrettable ' .
dr mark porter , head of the british medical association , said that whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges . all three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the nhs should be free at the point of use . critics will say that if gps had not enjoyed such enormous pay rises over the past decade , there would be much more money around .
gareth and charlie macdonald raised gareth and his three brothers in rhewl-mostyn and now regret that they did n't teach him to be more ` streetwise ' . rycroft conned gareth out of thousands of pounds and when his lover finally got wind of his theft and deceit and threatened to go to the police , he murdered him .
chelsy davy stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for the launch party of the ivy chelsea garden . the 29-year-old seemed in high spirits as she was seen laughing and joking with friend , irene forte . she paired the outfit with tan woven ankle-strap heels , and carried a croc-print foldover clutch bag in a similar shade .
the app , called eaze , has been dubbed ` uber for weed ' and enables people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver . the californian start-up has just raised $ 10 million -lrb- # 6.7 million -rrb- so that users can ` find the perfect medicine ' in more states . a number of other states , including california and nevada , have decriminalised the drug for medical use .
andrea trunfio , 36 , and mario bretti , 64 , clashed over a disputed site . mr bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road before cutting him off at a junction and blocking him with his van . he said : ` he was very aggressive and started punching me several times ' .
the monster vegetable , which weighs more than a three-year-old child , is so big it had been nicknamed the ` fat little girl ' in the village where it was grown . mr li claimed the specimen , which had been grown naturally without the help of any fertilizers , had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral .
former prime minister said talking up threat posed by scottish nationalists was ` short-term and dangerous ' . sir john will say labour deal with separatists would mean higher taxes , more debt and fewer jobs . extraordinary manifesto launch by snp leader nicola sturgeon included massive spending increases , new taxes and the end of britain 's nuclear deterrent .
adam leheup , 34 , allegedly insisted on having sex with the 25-year-old woman despite her shouting : ` no , no ' but they do n't really mean it ' . he met the woman on july 9 , 2013 after arranging to meet on the ` let 's date ' app they arranged to meet under the clock on waterloo station before crossing the bridge over to the embankment where they went to gordon 's wine bar .
leaj jarvis price , 24 , allegedly shot dead by eric heath price , 25 , in alabama doctor 's office on monday after she ran into surgery in jemison screaming ` call the police ' . price then returned to their nearby home and staged a standoff with 40 police officers for several hours , authorities said . when police fired tear gas into the house , he came outside and was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head . mrs price
jason lee , 38 , a former managing director at goldman sachs , was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife . lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $ 100,000 bail .
hilary mantel 's second novel bring up the bodies has been renamed for american stage . the bestselling author has revised the theatrical adaptation of her tudor novels for a run on broadway . in preparation , the title of her second book has been ditched in favour of the simpler ` wolf hall ii ' .
yaphank , in the 1930s , appeared as a haven for americans -- most of them of german heritage -- who sympathized with the causes of the third reich . in fact , it was largely founded as a nazi camp , where the children in the german american bund could fish , swim , hunt and learn about eugenics . today , yaphank is still a town on long island .
denise fedyszyn , 37 , from holmfirth , west yorkshire , tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb - and wore dress size 26 - when she was left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters anya and isla . it left the mother-of-two embarrassed , upset - and determined to do something about it , so she joined weightwaters , as well as taking up exercise .
samantha , 43 , supports husband david as he launches conservative party 's manifesto in swindon . wore # 185 emerald green wrap dress by london-based designer the fold . look finished with slim white belt to accentuate samantha 's enviable waistline and pair of black heels .
a # 5 bottle has suddenly become # 12 because the wine has lingered in an oak barrel before bottling . tv wine expert oz clarke puts to the test this oak bottle that claims to ` oak age ' wine in hours rather than years . the product , which retails at # 50 , is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur joel paglione .
west coast railways have been suspended following the ` most serious ' case of a near collision so far this year . a 100mph collision between a steam excursion and a first great western high speed train was missed by barely a minute . the network rail ban means chartered services , including those on the west highland line taking in fort william , can not run until may 15 .
bilal skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of goulburn correctional centre on friday . a corrective services statement confirmed a ' 33-year-old inmate ' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital . he was one of 14 mostly muslim lebanese australians who went on a four-week rampage of raping australian women and teenage girls in sydney 's southwest .
the driver , known as salim , is alleged to have assaulted the tourist in jaipur on friday evening . the man , from todabhim in karauli district of rajasthan , is being held in custody . police said they had taken statements from the woman and her friend .
brandy savelle and tony gervasi had been trying to teach caesar to stay outdoors when he wandered off from his family 's home in ispheming , michigan . when caesar went missing on the weekend , the family tried to find him and followed some tracks in the soft grass . he was killed by a dnr officer , who believed he was feral .
protesters including game of thrones actor jason momoa demanded the state and university of hawaii stop construction of a new $ 1.4 billion telescope on sacred land . dozens of protesters were arrested on thursday at the mauna kea site , a mountain burial ground said to be visited by the snow goddess poli'ahu and a native hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction . the thirty meter telescope will be one of the largest space observation facilities in the
cyril smith took the party whip for four years in parliament and was feted as a lib dem grandee in the years before he died . he claimed the obese sexual predator did not belong to the liberal democrats at the time he was abusing scores of young boys . mr clegg was accused on a radio phone-in of having ` washed his hands ' of the issue by refusing to order a party investigation into smith .
brisbane 's anglican archbishop has joined a local catholic priest in calling for the controversial ` gay panic ' homicide defence to be scrapped . speaking after his easter sunday mass , archbishop of brisbane phillip aspinall said he supported the calls for the homosexual advance defence . the defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim ` came on ' to them .
yulia tarbath , 33 , who is originally from surrey but moved to bali with her husband paul in 2009 , led a raw vegan diet - consisting of massive quantities of fruit , vegetables and juice . every morning , she ate her way through ten bananas and entire bunches of spinach .
a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 25 % admit they are online constantly . a key factor is the growing prevalence of smartphones . among african-american teens , 34 percent reported going online ` almost constantly ' as did 32 percent of hispanic youth and 19 percent of white teens .
google has released an update to its android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice . known as trusted voice , it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say ` ok , google ' . google also offers an alternative way to unlock an android phone - and it involves using your face .
quincy hazel and sabrina golden-hazel , both 44 , ` locked two of their children in a closet for days on end , forced them to eat from a bucket and never enrolled them in school ' . a 26-year-old relative told police that the family has 11 children but that the 17 - and 12 - were the only two subjected to the cruel treatment .
savannah guthrie , 43 , discussed an australian father 's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday 's show . she vowed to try the method , which involves gently gliding a piece of tissue papers over a baby 's face until the tot nods off .
the 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on galveston island , on the texas gulf coast and went by the name of dorothy in the early 2000s . clair schuler , who goes by the stage name cici ryder , said when he met durst he was ` very infatuated with the drag queens that performed , and their hair and their make-up ' . durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts at gar
the population was deemed healthy in hundreds of northern european fisheries analysed and experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species . consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s , but the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006 .
luke shambrook , who went without food or water since good friday , has been going to the candlebark campground at lake eildon national park , northeast of melbourne . a police helicopter guided on-ground searchers to luke 's location . the moment luke was found was captured on video , he was seen peering out from behind trees before a uniformed police officer reached him .
the coat of an english bulldog , the ears of a king charles spaniel and the tail of an irish setter help make up a set of ideal characteristics voted for by 2,000 pet owners . almost half said their ideal dog would be ` standard-sized ' like a collie , compared with 36 per cent who preferred smaller lap dogs such as chihuahuas .
paul nuttall , ukip 's education spokesman , appeared in party 's manifesto . he appeared in thick-rimmed glasses holding a book called ` british rebels and reformers ' . the vintage hardback is listed on amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book from 1942 .
madison small , from ashburn , left school early on monday morning with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital . by tuesday afternoon , her father , tim small , had contacted the broad run high school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . on friday , the loudoun county health department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis , which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell . it is the school system 's first
one of the most irritating lyrics in the song is when she sings about the ` isle of greece ' . the number of inhabited islands is counted at anything from 166 to 227 . the view of the blue waters of lourdas bay , kefalonia , untainted by the masses .
oliver pareece jones , 37 , was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the four points sheraton hotel on april 5 at 6.26 am . he then withdrew $ 800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a walmart in rancho cucamonga , teresa mcmahon , spokeswoman for the san bernardino county sheriff 's department said . after he left the store , he withdrew another $ 100 in cash , she told
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were going into the city when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair , who often went to shows and museums , left no other trace of their whereabouts . relatives of the ` quiet irish family ' , who own a horse farm on long island 's north fork , reported them missing on t
kelli jo bauer , 45 , was arrested at her kansas city home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes . she has been accused of stealing more than $ 100,000 worth of women 's clothing and selling these goods out of her nearly $ 1 million home .
liquid gas carried by favourable winds over flanders fields from german positions -- sowed terror and agony for the first time on april 22 , 1915 . some 1,200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack . on tuesday the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields .
karen buckley vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend . her body was found on a farm north of glasgow after a four-day police search . about 300 people - including the 24-year-old 's mother and father , and their son kieran - attended a memorial at george square today . a man , believed to be alexander pacteau , has been arrested in connection with miss buckley 's death .
phil haste , 60 , was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car , even though he has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard . the businessman is now refusing to pay the fine that was issued in a torbay council car park . the government abolished paper tax discs on october 1 last year , meaning they no longer need to be shown on a vehicle windscreen .
secretary of state john kerry says washington wo n't accept foreign interference . comes as saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in yemen at start of third week of bombing . riyadh has accused tehran of backing rebels in a bid to establish a pro-iran state on its doorstep .
hengshui no. 2 middle school is an ` exemplary school ' in central china . with nearly 10,000 pupils and more than 500 teachers , the school is well-known for its outstanding academic achievement . two pupils from the school plunged to death , one in october and one in march .
officers carried out inspections at the steer inn in wilberfoss , east yorkshire . found food in kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption . food was being served to the public that had exceeded its use by date . owner david crossfield admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations .
geoff johnson , 37 , and his sister jennifer , also aged 37 , joined him as they confronted their past after their mother died of breast cancer in 2013 . they were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder 's child .
the poncho originated as a rather humble garment worn by south american tribes and later featured on the back of clint eastwood in the spaghetti westerns . sales of a designer-label version carrying a personal monogram and costing more than # 1,000 have been central to a sales boom at the very british prestige brand .
the new policy allows for an american traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the u.s. transportation security administration . in some cases , the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns . the changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government 's counterterrorism efforts since the september 2001 terror attacks .
a recent study of four major discount retailers in the united states found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained toxic levels of harmful metals , plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases . from bargain bath mats and kitchen utensils to fun knick-knacks like silly straws and children 's stick-on jewellery , hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain at least one hazardous chemical ` above levels of concern ' . australian author and ceo
officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the m5 in gloucesteshire . they then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open . they were forced to dive out of the way with just seconds to spare before they were severely injured .
the 58-year-old actress , who took a leave of absence from broadway play ` fish in the dark ' earlier this month , shared the news through a statement published by people magazine on tuesday . following her announcement , famous friends passed on their best wishes to the actress as katie couric wrote : ` sending the wonderful rita wilson my love and best wishes for a speedy recovery and good health ' .
arthur baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30 am on friday on a residential street in south-eastern d.c. he has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property . the agency revoked baldwin 's security clearance and put him on leave when the arrest emerged .
margaret penny was murdered in a hair salon in portland , victoria on may 3 , 1991 . her husband robert denny , 83 , has been charged with two counts of murder . mr penny has spoken out since he briefly appeared at melbourne magistrates court on monday . he also revealed that he called his late-wife 's sister , ann bryden , to further plead his innocence a day after facing court .
mary murphy , 66 , and her partner john wood , 67 , died after falling down the stairs at their home in failsworth , greater manchester . their bodies were found by paramedics on wednesday in the hallway of their terraced home , after concerns were raised about their welfare . police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious , but after investigating they believe it was a ` bizarre and tragic ' accident .
remains were discovered in a cardboard box by street cleaners in north-western peru . the mummy , thought to date back to 1100 ad , was found wrapped in rope and dumped inside the box in front of an archaeological dig . it is thought to have been stolen from the archaeological site known as chan chan which was the capital of the chimu empire .
the blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point . instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route .
the jenny packham chiffon gown with jewelled-detailing on the arms has split opinion . some on twitter raving about the garment and others claiming it swamped her . wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps - short , boho , quirky and more .
steve smith , 52 , opened his first poundland shop in burton-upon-trent in 1990 . the venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire . today , mr smith lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in shropshire , which comes complete with its own swimming pool , snooker room and pub .
joan ashton has been a resident of aneurin bevan court in duffryn , newport for around eight months . the elderly woman 's son , steve , visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals . but after finding the ` terrible ' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother 's room , mr ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards
the duke and duchess of cambridge will appear alongside prince harry . their dolls will be joined by an even more amusing version of the prince . the six-part series will also feature wayne rooney , beyonce , harry styles and the great british bake off 's paul hollywood and mary berry .
house prices across the uk will rise at a fraction of last year 's frenetic pace . property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent . london will fare the worst , with prices actually dropping by 3.6 per cent over next year .
the 22-year-old 19 kids & counting star announced on tuesday she 's expecting her first child with husband ben seewald , 19 . ` we are so excited . the due date is november first , our wedding anniversary . ' the announcement does not come as too much of a surprise to fans as in late march an image of the two was uploaded to facebook .
andrew barr , principal of the geelong college , was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office . the school council launched an investigation , which included a search of mr barr 's computer after the photograph appeared on the social media site snapchat . chairman of the council , dr hugh seward , said the matter was a serious breach of the school 's standards .
hms illustrious was nicknamed ` hms lusty ' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year . more than 25 women have been airlifted from royal navy ships because of pregnancy . eighteen other ships - including hms dragon , hms enterprise and hms richmond - had emergency evacuations , data obtained by the sun showed .
sporty pippa , 31 , was spotted jogging in london today . she is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from london to brighton to raise money for the british heart foundation . adidas climachill shorts are up for grabs to buy .
the kits are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps and crowns . but more and more people are buying the kits to carry out their own dental work as the price of receiving filling by a nhs dentist in england is as much as # 52 . among the items they sell are a temporary filling material as well as cap and crown cement .
frank abagnale has said individuals in the western world have probably had their identities stolen . he was played by leonardo di caprio in the film about his misspent youth as a conman . he has spent the rest of his career working with the fbi on fraud detection and prevention .
jamyra gallmon of washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 . her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old dominique johnson was arrested on wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice . gallmon has a court hearing scheduled for friday , but that has now been rescheduled until may 8 .
kfc 's quiz contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from ` strongly agree ' to ` strongly disagree ' . when daily mail australia selected only negative answers , they received an email notifying them that their application had been unsuccessful less than 10 hours later . the questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations .
severe weather warnings were issued by the bureau of meteorology on sunday . but they knew it would occur somewhere around the southeast coast , they did not know exactly where . it turned out to form between port macquarie and newcastle - that 's as accurate as they could have predicted . it then covered 150km south from newcastle to wollongong where a third of australia 's population live .
lib dem leader urges supporters to vote tactically to stop alex salmond ` strutting his stuff ' in westminster . polls suggest the lib dems face near-wipeout in scotland with senior figures including treasury minister danny alexander under threat from a surge in support .
dallas architects matt mooney and michael gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern home . the home , dubbed ` pv14 ' , boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people , a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of white rock lake and downtown dallas .
raymond allen opened the first kfc franchise in preston , lancashire in 1965 . he had become a personal friend of harland ` the colonel ' sanders after meeting during a conference in chicago 50 years ago . but the 87-year-old , from jersey in the channel islands , said the company has strayed so far from its original concept it 's been ` ruined ' .
the xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the puglia region and contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region 's olive oil production last year . its spread has so alarmed the eu that france announced a boycott of puglian fruit and vegetables , while its effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil .
dna extracted from the bones of ` altamura man ' found entombed in limestone in a cave in altamura , italy , has revealed that they belong to a neanderthal who fell into the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago . wedged in the narrow space and probably badly injured , he is thought to have starved to death . new research is suggesting that extinct early humans may have used wild herbs to flavour their food .
the 200-year-old skeleton of friedrich brandt , a member of george iii 's german legion , has been discovered under a car park in bexhill-on-sea . brandt was killed by napoleon 's forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs . an archaeologist working for the belgian government , dominique bosquet , called the find ` unique , explaining that no complete skeleton had ever been retrieved from the battle of waterloo '
thousands of barrel jellyfish spotted in water off the coast of devon and cornwall . experts believe the jellyfish , which can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb , have been attracted by the warmer waters and a lack of predators . experts say their stings are not powerful enough to do any serious harm , but warn swimmers that it is best not to touch them .
scientists analysed 57 species in the region and found that the majority of populations had diminished as a result of the nuclear accident . the barn swallow , for example , dropped from hundreds to dozens . this is despite radiation levels starting to fall . and comparing it to chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .
clive howard , 57 , was jailed for life and one of his victim 's , jessica howard . she told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words . howard was picked up by the rapist after a night out in norwich last may .
the ` kate effect ' has put a bump in the profits of british fashion house seraphine . it has been the duchess of cambridge 's label of choice during her two pregnancies . among the most popular royal choices was a # 195 mist-blue coat with faux pearl buttons .
more than 100 tonnes of dead fish found floating in the water near huizhou city in southern china 's guangdong province . farmer mr zhang believes the ammonia which polluted the lake and killed his fish came from a nearby farm which had been using the chemical as fertiliser .
labour leader insists snp mps would not be able to dictate policy . comes after scottish first minister nicola sturgeon demanded end to government cuts , higher welfare spending and big hikes in the minimum wage . but mr miliband rejected claims he would be held to ransom by the snp .
single-engine piper pa-32 crashed in the punta cana region of the dominican republic today . accident is believed to have happened at about 8.15 am in the east of the island . pilot of the single-engine was apparently attempting to make an emergency landing after taking off from the airport .
the red , worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at dearborn 's henry ford museum and displayed in an open plaza on april 15 . two days earlier , it will be onstage when renowned historian and lincoln expert doris kearns goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture . lincoln died from his injuries the next day .
ship had been set to leave lisbon at 7pm on tuesday night with 489 passengers heading back to bristol avonmouth . but lawyers slapped court order on ship over ` unresolved ' and ` historic ' financial wrangle . ship is operated by essex-based cruise & maritime voyages .
claim was made by the commander of russian space command . oleg maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk . but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse . he was speaking on a film called ` space special forces ' during a tour of russia 's main centre for aerospace intelligence in krasnoznamensk , near moscow .
st. louis county police chief jon belmar said at a news conference on saturday that her son had barricaded himself in a home in jennings . the mother told police her son ` was talking about going on a `` journey ' and mentioned a `` black revolution '' ` according to police . belmar says the man had access to a sword and that officers tried but failed to engage him in conversation .
luke harris and daryl lee , from surrey , had their first child three months ago . they are now preparing to welcome their third baby into the world . surrogate viktoria ellis was born naturally after a 16-hour induced labour . willow-star shirley harris-lee was born a healthy 7lb 15oz .
experts say five million people in the uk are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms this summer , up a third from last year . by 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers . and by 2030 , that figure could occur , ` depending on weather conditions ' .
yougov poll of more than 2,000 britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week -- or enough to fill two bathtubs . those aged 55 and over typically over typically enjoying 21 cups . almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when they are unwell .
susan farmer , 37 , from eddy , texas , weighs 43st -lrb- 605lbs -rrb- . she was told she would die unless she dropped more than half her body weight . but while the 37 year old was determined to shed the weight , her mother continued to buy her daughter fatty foods .
marilyn zuniga , 60 , is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in cold blood in 1981 . she apologised for publicising the efforts of her pupils online , but said they had wanted to write to abu-jamal .
bill dudley is still ` lovin ' it ' and has no plans to quit the fast-food joint in mold , flintshire , where he works two days a week . great grandfather and second world war veteran joined the team nine years ago after growing ` bored ' pottering around the house .
governor mary fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death , giving oklahoma four different ways to enact its death penalty . the method , which involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner 's body to die from lack of oxygen , has been touted as ` foolproof ' by supporters .
carlos manuel perez jr , 28 , was allegedly pitted against andrew jay arevalo , 24 , inside high desert state prison in indian springs on november 12 of last year . after the two were left to duke it out , a lawsuit filed in state court claims , a trainee corrections officer waded in and fired off his shotgun four times in a row . the blasts killed the two with wounds to his face , according to the suit , which
in a book stéphane charbonnier , known as charb , finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen he argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons were ` ridiculous demagogues ' . in the short book , extracts of which are to be published today in weekly magazine l'obs , he writes : ` the suggestion that you can laugh at everything , except certain aspects of islam , because muslims are much more susceptible than the rest of the population
the song ca n't be identified and does n't fit the pattern of noise generated by the few known species of beaked whale . while beaked whales make up the second largest family of cetaceans , relatively little is known about them , mainly because they spend very little time on the water 's surface . the mysterious ` antarctic bw29 signal was recorded near the orkney islands , south shetland islands , and antararctic peninsula by scientists led by j
aracely meza , who is reportedly not the child 's mother , was arrested on monday and has been charged with injury to a child by omission . in the video , meza apparently uses oils to try and bring the boy back to life while also praying and speaking in tongues during the ` rising ceremony ' lasting for hours . she also invokes jesus to give life to the child .
sergio barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station , where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer . investigators say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air .
temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22c -lrb- 72f -rrb- tomorrow , but it will also surpass the average daytime temperature for august . that is 11c warmer than the uk april average and would beat the current high of 20.7 c on easter sunday in aboyne , aberdeenshire .
the liberal arts college in clinton sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place , lock doors , draw curtains and stay away from windows . campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated kirner-johnson building were received by phone at 9.45 am . initially , only a part of the campus was placed on lockdown , but it was later extended to the entire school .
the i love lucy statue in celoron , new york , was unveiled in 2009 . six years after it was unveiled it has pledged to make a new one for free . but the statue is n't the only offensive artwork that has missed the mark . a whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world .
munira khalif , from st. paul , minnesota , says she has always been driven by the thought that her parents , who left somalia during the civil war , fled to the u.s. so she would have better opportunities . the teens are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to america - from bulgaria , somalia or nigeria .
hilary border , 54 , from newark , nottinghamshire , had power of attorney . mother-of-three was required to pay # 300-a-week for care but when it doubled to # 600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all . border pleaded guilty to fraud on basis she took # 20,000 between october 2012 , and november 20 last year .
around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit , which has most recently served in iraq and afghanistan , marched through the town of dereham . they were supported by more than 4,000 well-wishers , many waving flags , who lined the streets to mark the conclusion of the regiments 15 year tenure . they are set to leave robertson barracks in swanton morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in catterick , north yorkshire .
dell ` super dell ' schanze , 45 , was sentenced to one year of probation on friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts , knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird . his admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil , horrible person .
michael brelo , 31 , made his first appearance in court on monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell , 43 , and malissa williams , 30 . he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting . brelo and 12 officers who shot a total of 137 rounds into the car in no
researchers at iowa state university recorded 300 hunts by chimps in fongoli , sénégal , and found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations . this suggests that early female humans were perhaps the first to begin fashioning simple tools to help them catch prey .
robin wright , who won the best actress award for her role in house of cards , wore a slinky dress from reem acra 's fall 2013 collection . olivia wilde , taylor swift , beyoncé and zooey deschanel all love her feminine designs .
molly schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the big texan steack ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday . the 120-pound mother-of-four ate three steak dinners - complete with sides - in just 20 minutes . for breaking the record for quickest steak dinner eaten and for finishing her three meals in under an hour .
mcdonalds ' advert claimed italian children preferred happy meals to pizza . the advert opens in a traditional italian restaurant where the young italian boy appears bored by the pizzas . restaurateurs in the country are so angry with the us corporation , the largest chain of burger restaurants in the world , for attacking their cultural diet .
kfc allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across australia and roam from freezer to fryer on saturday . the fast food giant hoped to dispel ` blanket perceptions ' of negativity around the quality and freshness of their ingredients . but health experts still say that no matter how hygienic the conditions of the 612 kfc outlets are , the food they make just is n't good for you .
a greedy mother who told a 13-year-old volunteer to ` f *** off ' was evicted from a family easter egg hunt after she swore at volunteers . the woman in her mid - to late 30s , who is believed to have had two or three children participating , was escorted out of the racecourse on saturday . the aim of the hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation , while raising money for zaidee 's rainbow foundation . more than 2,
police exhumed the boy 's body from his grave in norfolk last year . a dna sample eventually led them to his mother . the woman , who has not been named , was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn .
hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday . weiner and clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and a salad in an iowa chipotle this week .
robert durst , 72 , was arrested at the jw marriott hotel in new orleans on a los angeles county warrant that accused him of killing his friend susan berman in 2000 . authorities found $ 44,000 , marijuana and a revolver at his hotel room . they also found maps of florida and cuba , leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run .
jake castner , from ballarat in victoria , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest . on his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site : ` we do n't talk to police ! ' . but on monday morning victoria police say they arrested castner ` in relation to burglary and theft related offences allegedly committed in the bacchus marsh and ballarat areas ' .
the 19th century castle toward , near dunoon , was commissioned as hms brontosaurus in 1942 . overlooking the clyde estuary , the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of british troops . soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs , smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft .
christopher furniss-roe from pontypool , south wales , was found in his bedroom by his father just 15 minutes after the ` childish ' argument with his younger sister . his father jason desperately tried to save his son 's life but he died the next day in hospital . a coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying the eight-year-old was probably looking for ` sympathy and forgiveness ' after the row .
nigeria 's new president muhammadu buhari said his administration would do everything in their power to bring the students home . the announcement came as a march was held through the nigerian capital of abuja to mark the first anniversary since the girls were abducted from a secondary school in chibok .
tommy thompson , 62 , has agreed to go to prison rather than reveal details about the valuable haul he recovered from the ss central america . in 1988 the 62-year-old led an excursion to the vessel , known as the ship of gold , which sank in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold . in civil proceedings brought by a number of the backers they claimed the find was worth up to $ 260 million .
people with sleep apnoea more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions . us researchers studied the medical histories of 2,470 people , aged 55 to 90 . those with no breathing problems also developed alzheimer 's disease five years earlier than those who did not have sleep breathing problems .
susan monica , a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern oregon , went on trial on tuesday in medford . she has been charged with killing two men , dismembering their bodies and feeding them to her pigs . both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart .
kyle hargreaves , 18 , assaulted paramedic michael newman , 92 . he threatened to punch mr newman three times in the back of the ambulance . the crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property .
carwyn scott-howell , seven , plunged 160ft to his death in flaine , france . his family , from talybont-on-usk , wales , were expected to bring his body home this weekend as an investigation into his death ruled out negligence as a factor .
photographs taken with the very first ` secret ' handheld camera will go on display on saturday at the state library . the crowd source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by arthur syer , a 27-year-old man living in sydney . the camera was wrapped in a small parcel so that it did n't draw attention from the photographers .
the episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on saturday night . they are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press . episodes beginning this year are titled the wars to come , the house of black and white , high sparrow and the sons of the harpy . they had been downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early sunday morning .
boeing 787-8 departed from london gatwick at around 9.40 am yesterday . was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to cancun when it landed . officers seen entering the aircraft and removing the passengers . bermuda police confirmed two men were taken into custody .
the 29-year-old woman , named by local media as samantha or amanda , was chased by police through the pattaya region for 30 minutes . after the smashed-up car came to a halt , officers broke the front passenger window of the white toyota innova to arrest her when she refused to open the door .
jade wimsey , 24 , from goole , east yorkshire , would down up to seven cans a day at more than # 1.50 a pop . her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb . she is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months by kicking the energy fuel for good .
rené dee watched as his wife eileen , 68 , slipped away just days after catching the infection and before the couple 's son had a chance to say goodbye . several hospital rooms , including eileen 's , were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria pseudomonas aeruginosa in water running from the tap and in the shower drain .
more than squabbling over the arm rest , shrinking space on planes putting our health and safety in danger . tests conducted by the faa use planes with a 31 inch pitch , a standard which on some airlines has decreased . many economy seats on united airlines have 30 inches of room , while some airlines offer as little as 28 inches .
lord neuberger , president of the supreme court , said judges should be ` sensitive ' to the fact that they usually came from ` more privileged sector of society ' . his address to the criminal justice alliance came at a time of uncertainty over the place of muslim traditional dress in the legal system .
muhammad naviede , 60 , died after his piper tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near padbury in buckinghamshire on august 20 last year . the experienced pilot had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text - something the aaib said would require ` considerable dexterity ' .
since its construction in 1895 , its walls housed some of the country 's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury . haunting images published in 2011 proved that government doctors used the jail to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled american citizens . nearly two decades after its closure in 1995 , all that remains of one of the most notorious and violent prisons in american history is cracked paint , crumbling hallways and empty cells .
actress glynis barber will be collecting her bus pass from where i 'm sitting , she looks barely a day over 40 . it 's difficult to believe that in the next few months , the actress -- remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of itv 's 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace .
abedin had last surfaced on monday at an ohio chipotle restaurant when she and clinton popped in , both wearing sunglasses , for lunch . on tuesday she was photographed leaving a norwalk , iowa fruit processing company and walking toward ` scooby ' . the now-famous black van that secret service agents have driven more than 1,000 miles since sunday . abedin has known clinton since 1996 , when she scored a white house internship working for the then-first lady
labour leader admitted that in the past his party had been ` too timid ' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language . but the tories said there was nothing in mr miliband 's plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to britain after net migration hit 298,000 in a year .
the transport workers ' union 's national secretary tony sheldon condemned the requested change to the fair work act . aldi 's last attempt to increase workers hours in 2012 failed despite the supermarket chain arguing that their employees ` overwhelmingly supported ' and ` preferred ' the proposals . mr sheldon said the chain had tried to ` strip workers of their rights ' .
leo grand gleefully stated minutes after his carpooling app trees for cars went live . it 's been a year and a half since that moment led to grand and his mentor , patrick mcconlogue , becoming media sensations . grand realized he could go through ' $ 100 in a few days ' and instead jumped at the opportunity to learn something new that he could then ` turn into something more ' .
ian gibson , 60 , had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago . he joined the company as plane refueller in december 2007 , three decades after he was medically discharged from the british army 's parachute regiment . his job involved kneeling down , removing a manhole cover and connecting the fuel pipe to refuel planes .
the federal bureau of investigation is facing accusations that it is ` whitewashing ' any involvement by the middle eastern country . relatives of homeowner esam ghazzawi lived in the plush sarasota dwelling until they fled and left cars , furniture and food in their refrigerator behind right before the 9/11 attacks . the family of abdulaziz al-hijji and his wife anoud left their 3,300 square foot florida home in august 2001 , not even leaving a
chris rowe , 31 , was dismissed by doctors five times in two months . but after noticing a dull ache in his ribs , and coughing up more blood , he was taken to a&e . there , an x-ray revealed a devastating diagnosis - mr rowe was suffering an aggressive lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones . his wife kate , 28 , is set to give birth to a little brother for the couple 's three-year-old daughter ,
the nantucket wooden chair was salvaged by a search team from the atlantic ocean after the titanic sank in 1912 . dubbed ` one of the rarest types of titanic collectable ' , the chair is too fragile to sit on , but has been carefully preserved , having been owned by a british collector for the past 15 years .
london mayor was given a big kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter yesterday as he helped colleagues campaign in ramsgate . as he got in his car later , he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek . mr johnson said he ` profoundly and passionately ' hopes to become an mp .
princess mary , 43 , treated her three youngest children , princess isabella , seven , and twins princess josephine and prince vincent , four , to a day out at a farm in zealand . despite the potential for getting dirty , the quartet certainly appeared to be having fun , with all four crouching down to pet a tiny holstein friesian calf .
sjana earp , kate kendall , amanda bisk , juliet burnett , and lindy klim are among the fashion houses rejecting traditional skinnier models in favour of strong , fit girls . the 20-year-old is a social media sensation famous for sharing her yoga poses with her 679,000 instagram followers .
carwyn scott-howell was described as a ` daring , outgoing and determined ' youngster whose ` handsome smile lit up any room ' . he was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over a 164ft drop . footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body , investigators revealed last night .
staff heard the baby girl crying in the ladies ' toilet of a burger bar . workers at the restaurant said they saw the woman going into the toilet . after she came out , she went back to her seat , sitting there without speaking a word . she was arrested after receiving medical attention and faces charges of neglect .
nigel farage was expected at a farm in staffordshire today . but organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car . he faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the m4 . mr farage is under pressure to show his election campaign is on track .
carlton tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week . it was the only building in its road that was not destroyed by hitler 's bombs . landlady patsy lord was told to close for an ` inventory ' but returned two days later . westminster city council is considering legal action against the developers .
a virtually cloud-free satellite image from the european space agency 's metop-b satellite has been released as the country continues to bask in bright sunshine . parts of scotland and wales experienced the warmest temperatures today , with highs of 16.6 c in achnagart , north of fort william and 16.4 c in pembrey sands , carmarthenshire . forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot
bus carrying fenerbahce players and coaching staff back from an away game was shot at on saturday night . trabzon governor abdulcelil oz said the driver appeared to have been hit by a stone . security officers on board quickly took control of the bus and safely stopped it after the driver was hit , averting an accident .
turkish court has blocked access to twitter and youtube after they refused a request to remove pictures of prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz . the 46-year-old died in hospital when members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage . the dhkp-c is considered a terrorist group by turkey , the european union and us .
fbi chief james coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness . police in america are often parodied for their love of doughnuts and few forces have any weight restrictions . coney said the force depends on its agents ' ability to ` run , fight and shoot ' .
the fbi and nypd announced on wednesday that up to $ 115,000 was available for information relating to the attack . fortunately no one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past . the device was built using an ammunition can commonly found on battlefields in iraq and afghanistan .
katie cope , 17 , feared being assaulted by the agitated woman after police repeatedly refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival . she had to close the electronic shutter after the thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave . yesterday , katie and her mother eve cope , 60 , told of their fury at the police 's response and accused officers of giving a ` green light ' to shoplifters .
rescuers were forced to abandon their efforts to save 149 melon-headed whales on a beach in hokota , japan . the creatures are usually found deep in the sea but have mysteriously beached about 60 miles northeast of tokyo . the rest of the animals had either died or were dying , they said .
tyler grant , a junior at the university of texas prefers to be referred to by neutral pronouns such as ` they ' , ` them ' , or ` their ' instead of ` he , ' or ` she , ' and sometimes wears women 's clothing . grant claims the restaurant denied service because the student was wearing a lingerie .
inquiry stems from complaint from stephen 's father neville lawrence . lord stevens was deputy commissioner of metropolitan police from 1998 to 2000 . macpherson inquiry report was being compiled before serving five years as uk 's most senior policeman . it is alleged that the letter included misleading information .
celebrity chef will present simply nigella on bbc 2 , a series which focus on ' a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating ' . the show will mark nigella 's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to mr saatchi and the subsequent court case .
dinkry national park , in north-east poland , is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes . the area is unspoiled , but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits . the hotel rents mountain bikes and nordic walking poles , and you could cycle or hike for days around the well-marked trails .
kent sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he was arrested more than a decade ago that he should be put to death , and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings in 2002 and should be spared the death penalty . no new appeals are pending as sprouse 's lethal injection scheduled for thursday evening approaches . he would be the fifth inmate executed this year in texas , the nation 's most active death penalty state .
leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end . but after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend could get inside . they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings .
officers from police scotland 's edinburgh division posted pictures of the lego models on their facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime . victims branded the move as ` insensitive ' and ` a joke ' . but the police internet posting showed scenes of lego criminals attempting to break into people 's homes before being arrested by officers .
paul bakewell , 35 , proposed to partner tara barber , 32 , on a34 in walsall . dad-of-one arranged for friends and family to hide on other side of road . billboard featured pictures of couple and words : ` tara you 've changed my life ' . but hairdresser tara was left speechless when car stopped at 30ft-wide poster .
francis pusok , 30 , was seen riding the horse through the desert of san bernardino on thursday afternoon . he allegedly sped off in a car that he abandoned , then stole a horse in hesperia and galloped through rugged terrain . eight deputies were filmed beating and kicking pusok for two minutes .
the australian charities and not-for-profits commission -lrb- acnc -rrb- made the announcement about get rid of sids on wednesday . the organisation is run by well-known brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner stephanie messenger . the decision was effective from april 1 and the organisation had 60 days to lodge an appeal .
called ogle-2014-blg-0124lb , the gas giant was detected by the spitzer space telescope in chile . the planet is half as massive as jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the milky way . this happens when one star happens to pass in front of another , and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star 's light .
clopleise davis-bowens , 42 , attended bethune-cookman university in daytona beach , florida , for their ` transformative leadership ' program at the age of 37 . she alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 karat gold dancers because of her weight and missed out on part of the academic experience .
doctors are putting the health of women and their babies at risk by performing caesarean sections too readily , un officials warn . they say the procedure should only be carried out when ` medically necessary ' because it can lead to infections and even death . just over a quarter of women giving birth in england now have a caearean and the rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s .
josiah duggar , 18 , is the latest 19 kids and counting star to announce that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old marjorie jackson . the teens ' courtship officially began on april 6 - the same day his older sister jill gave birth to her son israel david . per the duggar family 's rules of courtship , hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day
tristram hunt was visiting a primary school in derby where he was filmed asking the year six pupil who he would vote for in next month 's election . the mother of the 10-year-old said she has now sat down her son and explained ` it is n't about being foreign ' . but she added : ' i do personally support an australian points system ' .
the victim , who has not been identified , was airlifted to st mary 's medical center 's trauma unit . blood covered the boat which was anchored off the jupiter inlet , a hot spot for fishing . bull sharks are common near the coast , particularly in florida , with a preference for water less than 100 feet deeo .
jack black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved in penryn , cornwall , that one fan has set up a facebook page for him . the page has more than 450 members who share their pictures , videos and stories about jack and keep up to date with his daily activities .
four-bedroom property in central london 's farm street has all the trappings of modern luxury . originally used as a milking parlour , it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th century . it is being sold for # 25million by estate agents wetherell and knight frank .
stephen james hendry is one of the most in-demand models in the industry . the 24-year-old has lucrative contracts with calvin klein and diesel under his belt . he has starred in numerous men 's magazine shoots , and graced the runway at fashion weeks .
gps co-ordinates of vital facilities as well as information on runway . details could be used as ` invasion guide ' by argentina , mod said . technical information providing excellent intelligence to any argentine bombers sent to attack the islands . aerodrome also operates as a search and rescue location with sea king helicopters .
chris copeland , 31 , and his wife , katrine saltare , 28 , were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man interrupted them . when copeland told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete 's abdomen and elbow . another woman , catherine somani , 23 , was also stabbed in the abdomen as she tried to break up the fight . pero antic , who plays for
robert cusanelli of whdh-tv was banned from the bristol county courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the ` purpose of reporting this case ' . two jurors told the court they saw someone watching them in a ford explorer . one took a picture of its license plate .
carmarie and kanya sat buckled into the device at the indy speedway park on panama city beach , florida , over the weekend . at the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match . both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force , with their eyes glazing over and rolling back .
xiao gao , 11 , from fujian in south east china , has not said a word in five days . a classmate who allegedly bullied him gave him the water which had been laced with perfume and chalk dust as part of a prank . medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say that the combination of water , perfume and dust should not have caused that type of damage .
ashley dodds , 29 , visited the red hot world buffet on deansgate , manchester . after ordering a non-alcoholic sweet kiss ` mocktail ' for the girls , she was disgusted . restaurant bosses admitted to making the mistake but blamed her for leaving her daughter alone while she went for a cigarette .
wendy goyer claimed her ` small but charming view ' would be obstructed if mr pengilly and ms beachley 's addition was built . the pair 's three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $ 2.6 million and features extensive views of freshwater and queenscliff beaches . warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in august 2013 .
the last plantagenet king of england was described by william shakespeare as a ` poisonous bunch-back ' in his play depicting the monarch . research on the king 's skeleton discovered under a council car park in leicester revealed that this may have been an exaggeration of a spine deformity known as scoliosis .
amelia-jane harris , 20 , used to weigh 27st 10lbs -lrb- 388lbs -rrb- and was a size 32 . developed crohn 's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months to become slim size six . says she would give anything to get back her fuller figure back and be able to eat normally again .
in 84 days from november 2013 to january 2014 , the area around azle , texas , shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes . now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground . the oil and gas industry uses injection wells to get rid of wastewater , which can have chemicals , heavy metals , salt and radioactive material .
justice diana bryant told a room full of journalists that surrogacy laws need to be overhauled to prevent a repeat of the baby gammy case . she said that because commercial surrogacy is banned in australia , hopeful parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas . her statement is backed up by a recent bout of child abandonment cases , where parents have refused to carry through with overseas surrogacy deals .
the unique experiment tracked stolen data from california as it travelled the globe . it found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within two weeks . overall , the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times ; some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia .
the altercation involving the captain and co-pilot erupted while the plane was being prepared for a 50-minute journey from delhi to jaipur last night . the airline insists the altercation was limited to a verbal argument , and there was no physical violence . indian aviation officials have launched an investigation to determine whether any of the parties involved should be disciplined .
tonya stack , whose husband mike stack holds the state 's second-highest office , reportedly dumped cola on state representative kevin boyle in an unseemly row at a fundraiser in honor of a slain afghanistan veteran . according to boyle , stack ` flipped me the bird ' as soon as she spotted him at the event in philadelphia . when he described the gesture aloud as ' a trashy move ' , he claims she retaliated by hurling the dark , sticky
almost half of all britons believe camilla should become queen . 35 per cent think she should be given a lesser title out of respect to diana . only 7 per cent of people polled believe she should one day be queen . camilla will technically become queen no matter what title she actually uses .
kyle iveson , 24 , burst into thorougoods shop in clitheroe , lancashire . he demanded cash from shop assistant karen brown , mother-in-law 's daughter . he attempted to disguise his identity by lowering his voice , but she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to the police straight away .
bill clinton made the comment in oklahoma city on sunday . he was speaking at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people at the alfred p murrah federal building in 1995 . the former secretary of state and first lady will move on to new hampshire on monday .
kim richards is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the beverly hills hotel . among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism . currently , kim is scheduled to appear at the los angeles superior court on may 10 following her three-part reunion for the seventh season .
betty johnson , 86 , was a kansas city chiefs ticket holder since 1986 . her wish was granted on thursday after a visit from chiefs hall of famer nick lowery , and johnson passed away shortly after , her family said . her presence at the games did not go unnoticed .
sarah stage , a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles , has documented her changing figure via her instagram page throughout her pregnancy . the mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure .
chen yuntao , 38 , wears a horse mask as he kneels on the busy streets of hefei city , next to a sign asking for ` kind-hearted ' people to ride him . the unusual fundraising is part of a desperate bid to raise money for his nine-year-old son chen minghao , who is suffering from leukaemia .
john pat cunningham , 27 , was shot by the british army in a field in benburb , county armagh in 1974 . he had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an army patrol when he was shot . a murder investigation started following a re-examination of the available evidence .
elad hershkowitz , a zookeeper at the zoological center in tel aviv , placed a gopro camera at the bottom of water troughs to capture the different perspectives . the animals -- ranging from a rhino who almost kisses the surface of the water to a lemur who delicately licks it -- were recorded for a total of 30 hours .
katie hopkins has written that australia 's approach to migrant boats is the sort of approach we need in the mediterranean . ` they threaten them with violence until they bugger off , throwing cans of castlemaine in an aussie version of sharia stoning ' . her tone has won few friends in europe and her timing , even less so , slammed as it coincided with the drowning of up to 900 men , women and children on a sunken fishing boat .
timothy fradeneck , 38 , was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and two young children , whose bodies were found monday evening . he is also charged with child abuse . authorities say he used a usb cord to kill 37-year-old christine . celeste and timothy iii -lrb- called trey -rrb- .
the campaign was kicked off by jaime singleton , who saw the baby elephant , nadia , tied to a pole outside a restaurant in december last year . the change.org petition , titled ` please release nadia the elephant to a sanctuary immediately and let her live the life she deserves ! ' has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago . the target is 75,000 .
top of the list is ` death ' for anyone who insults god or his messenger or blasphemes against islam . adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death . couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes and ` banishment ' from the community .
dr vivek murthy and the sesame street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated and explaining to children why it is so important . in what appears to be a direct response to anti-vaccination campaigners , elmo and dr murthy questions why everybody does not get a shot . this calms elmo who gets the shot he needs , and after realising how quick and painless it is to get the shot , he asks the surgeon general : ` that 's a good question
stephen hogger , 55 , had been at the 14th century church in lavenham , suffolk . he was given notice to leave following an apparent falling out with senior figures . the walkout means it will be the first time in 200 years that the church will be without a choir .
chancellor refuses to rule out making further cuts for britain 's top earners . says conservatives are committed to raising tax-free personal allowance bracket from # 10,000 to # 12,500 . but labour politicians are calling for the amount to be raised to 50 per cent for those in the highest bracket .
raffaele sollecito pictured shopping for lingerie two weeks after he was cleared of killing british student meredith kercher . the 31-year-old was spotted out and about with a blonde companion this week looking through the lingerie section of a shop in rome . he and former lover , american amanda knox were both acquitted in late march ending a legal process which lasted more than seven years .
a 4wd containing four children and an adult has crashed into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne 's outer west . police believe that all children are under the age of six . one child who died in hospital was aged one and a half . the relation between the female driver and the four children are not yet known .
islamists are waging campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping . images were posted on social media , including the shomoukh al-islam jihadi forum , under the title leveling graves and erasing pagan symbols . statement stems from collection of islamic teachings known as the hadith , which many muslims reject .
dishevelled commuters across new south wales are mourning the loss of their umbrellas on social media . many have learned the hard way that their trusty shelters ca n't withstand cyclone strength conditions . workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellies scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon .
richard sherman was born on february 5 , just four days after the seattle seahawks lost the super bowl to the new england patriots . in the most recent photo , sherman and his girlfriend ashley moss are seen cradling rayden , with the football star writing ; ` best part of life ' . sherman will undergo surgery to repair a torn ligament in his left elbow .
sharon edwards ' car was left parked in her driveway and the clothes she had been wearing were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom . her son , eli edwards , told daily mail australia his family was struggling to come to terms with his mother 's disappearance . there was no sign of forced entry at her grafton home on the nsw north coast and it has left her with many unanswered questions .
jafar adeli , 32 , arranged to meet someone he believed to be 14 on the internet . he was arrested at a bus station in leicester after thinking he was going to meet a 14-year-old girl for sex . adeli was jailed for 27 months at leicester crown court .
mothers have to deal with the never-ending conveyor belt of friends and family who are desperate to see the new addition . well-meaning visitors arrive at the house armed with gifts for the baby and plenty of compliments . but while they might be well-intentioned , there are a number of pitfalls to be avoided when cooing over a newborn .
jon czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents ' farm near wangaratta , northeast victoria . when he checked the nine hours of footage , he stumbled upon the upsetting spectacle , which shows the canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back . he claims they 're unwilling to help .
joanne bolton was stabbed over 14 times before being knocked out with a mental bar after being held captive in her own home . the 35-year-old was already fleeing from a violent relationship when she met young and jumped at the chance to move in with him after staying in a refuge . but soon after he became possessive and violent and started using her a punchbag as he fought his own insecurities .
dawn bainbridge , 47 , led a ` family business ' that saw her and her daughters steal thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores . their company ` designer goods north east ' took more than # 7,000 in online payments in just four months . one daughter boasted of making # 100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone . the mother , who is still serving her sentence , and two daughters , who have since been released , were back in court today for a
handbag lovers are paying as much as # 200 to give their over-loved bags the equivalent of a spa treatment at a luxury new handbag clinic in chelsea . the unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west london high street to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele .
coin dates from the iron age almost 2,300 years ago and suggests there were links between the south west and the mediterranean . it was found in silt after the river avon burst its banks between bristol and bath . experts have dated the coin to between 300 bc and 264 bc and say it came from the western mediterranean - probably sardinia or ancient carthage .
the 18-year-old daughter of actor stephen baldwin is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star kendall jenner . she let slip very discreetly in an interview with elle magazine that she often spent nights with ` one of her friends ' . she currently boasts more than 1.3 million instagram followers .
tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause , and is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment for breast cancer . most breast cancer tumours rely on the hormone oestrogen to grow . this means the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether .
cancer that has spread and is incurable , known as secondary breast cancer , kills 1,000 women in britain every month . researchers from manchester university have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem . they are testing the drug sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer .
two brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms . selenium is needed for the production of antibodies , important for a healthy immune system , and the hormone thyroxine , needed to regulate metabolism . almonds are high in fibre , too eat them with the skin on as this contains antioxidants that help protect body cells from inflammatory damage .
survey of 757 parents was carried out by mumsnet , the uk 's largest internet community for parents . it found 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999 . but nearly half - 46 per cent - insisted that their children were not mature enough to know about who to call in an emergency .
british overseas airways corp -lrb- boac -rrb- promoted its new york route . the 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly . the adverts were created for the biggest airlines of the day , including twa and canadian pacific .
jason warnock , 29 , was driving wednesday morning in lewiston , idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff . he then parked his car , ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver matthew sitko , 23 , out to safety . warnock chatted with sitko for a few minutes , but left as soon as police arrived because he had to get back to work
labour leader said a second independence poll ` ai n't going to happen ' . john major said snp was ` merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda ' . comes as john major warned snp would break pledge not to hold another referendum ` for a generation ' .
kate - who was ordered to rehab by michael last year - is said to have had an alcohol relapse before getting physical with the father of lindsay lohan . kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking , claimed michael grabbed her by the throat and that the argument was caused by him accusing her of cheating .
canadian mother christianne boudreau thought her son damien clairmont was going to egypt to study arabic in 2013 . but canadian authorities later told the calgary mother that her son had instead gone to turkey where he crossed the border into syria to join isis . while damien had become more extreme in his islamic ideology before he left canada , ms boudmont never imagined her shy and peaceful son would actually become a jihadi .
wylie brys was digging with his dad , tim brys , back in september . the pair had been finding fish vertebrae , but when wylie came back with the bone , brys asked him to take him to where he found it . scientists from southern methodist university have helped a dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil .
from 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed , and a fourth class introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat . the addition of the centre seat will change the current configuration from 3-4-3 to become a 3-5-3 set up .
eve addison , now 24 , developed a strange swelling in her collarbone . she assumed she must have an allergy but developed night sweats and a rash . tests revealed the 24-year-old was suffering hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system - and she endured six months of chemotherapy .
betty willis died in her overton , nevada , home on sunday , according to an obituary on the virgin valley & moapa valley mortuaries ' website . the 91-year-old artist 's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of las vegas boulevard south of the strip .
tykeran hamilton , 25 , borrowed the rented bmw 3 series and drove it around gloucester after spending a night drinking and taking drugs . he spotted a friend waiting for a bus , leaned out of the window and shouted ` watch this ' before accelerating up to 70mph on a residential road at 7am . moments later , he crashed into cyclist alan knight , 64 , who was crossing the road while on his morning paper round . hamilton admitted causing death by dangerous driving ,
catherine gerhardt chose to employ the same initiatives she teaches to young children through her melbourne company , kidproof safety , and completely ignore the bully . an internet troll often trawls through social media , hunting for victims , while a ` flamer ' sends messages with the intention to hurt the recipient and get a reaction . she advises those experiencing this behaviour to try and not take it personally .
the andaz liverpool street hotel in london is built on the site of england 's first hospital for the mentally ill . fast forward a few centuries and in its place is a swanky , celebrity-baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms . instead of mental health patients , it 's the likes of beyonce , lil kim and lady gaga that stay here these days .
ron john , 15 , died after jumping into the river great ouse in cambridgeshire . coroner said she would now write to government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education . hearing heard swimming is compulsory during primary school but is not enforced for those aged 11 or over .
lidia quilligana was arrested in danbury , connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl . she was also caught allegedly burning the legs , arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain . this after the girl 's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl .
` reenactment mfs ' - the ministry for state security better known as the ` stasi ' during the 40 year existence of the east german state - is a new book . they were also used for training purposes for border guards and trainee agents intended to inculcate in them awareness of the lengths people would go to try to escape . but photographer arwed messmer , who discovered the pictures , sees another reason for the pictures of families desperate to escape the grasp of east
of the 2,071 people surveyed , 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member , but below grandparents at 26 per cent . more than one in 10 british families now live in ` blended ' families as more people with children divorce , remarry other parents and their households merge .
kezzia french , 46 , thought she had laid six-month-old andrea to rest in 1999 . but only found out more than a decade later that police had in fact removed virtually all her vital organs . andrea 's body was returned to ms french fully-clothed and a funeral was held shortly after the tragic death in april 1999 .
sienna miller 's ` low hip ' measurement should be 5ft 6in in height and have 25 1/2 in waist . those afflicted with bingo wings will wince at her ` top arm ' circumference . if measuring up to these remarkable standards is not enough , the successful stand-in must also be an expert in yoga .
drivers have faced bills of up to # 800 to get their impounded vehicles back . dvla was accused of ` heavy-handed and draconian ' behaviour yesterday . figures showed use of clamping rocketed by 60 per cent from about 5,000 vehicles a month before the changes to 8,630 last month .
police in the st. louis suburb of clayton said they have found nothing to suggest schweich , who was running as a republican candidate for governor in 2016 , was anything other than a suicide . the apparent suicide a month later of his spokesman spence jackson have sent shockwaves through missouri politics .
the men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of cement over a rickety wooden walkway . chinese officials hope that the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area , as they flock to walk along the scenic route . pingjiang county is well-known for its mountains , with the mufu mountain range sweeping through most of the province .
footage released by french defence audio-visual communication and production unit . taken during an airborne operation at the ` salvador pass ' at the border between libya and niger . france began setting up a command base in northern niger at the end of last year in efforts to combat a number of international jihadist groups .
arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide . they hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change -- but not everyone is convinced . cia chiefs fear hostile nations are trying to manipulate the world 's weather .
the all-gender restroom has opened in the eisenhower executive office building . it is the first of its kind at the white house and protects the rights of the lgbt community while in the employment of federal contractors and subcontractors . spokesman jeff tiller said it 's something that fits in with the administration 's stance on gender identity .
four sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother 's sunshine coast home in the middle of the night . the girls ' mother portrayed the cruelty of the dad , and the girls - then aged nine to 14 years old - frightened and distraught . what had led up to the removal of the four sistersin australia and their return to italy was the fact their mother had taken them from italy on a ` vacation ' and never returned .
scientists at brandeis university in massachusetts believe all-nighters to cram before an exam wo n't work because the process converting short-term memories to long-term memory is quiet . most animals , from flies to humans , have trouble remembering when they are sleep-deprived . but just how that process works has remained a mystery .
dale forrest , 26 , of bolton , would drink up to 12 pints a night . he decided to ditch the booze , give up his favourite fatty readymeals and hit the gym . since then , mr forrest has lost 10.5 stone and is now a rugby player .
hotel industry insider turned author jacob tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in new orleans and new york city . mailonline travel chatted with him to get the answers to some of our most burning hotel questions ... without a doubt , toiletries and towels are definitely the most popular items for guests to pocket .
robert tomanovich , 55 , owns robert 's discount tree service in livonia , michigan . first hung a noose from a tree and a confederate flag , printed with the slogan ' i ai n't coming down , ' on a fence at his home . when neighbours complained , a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street .
the pain can severely impact on quality of life , as eating and drinking are significantly affected . any single mouth ulcer lasting longer than three weeks should be investigated in order to rule out a cancer of the mouth . coeliac disease and crohn 's disease can first present as mouth ulcers .
fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors . in both those cases , baxter followed the state 's recommendations . he gave a former teacher a 7 p.m. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail . she was the only one of the accused to avoid jail after she took a plea deal and was sentenced to 5 years , with 1 year of home confinement and
tavon watson , 24 , was doing 100mph at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in orlando when he slammed the $ 220,000 lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail . florida highway patrol sgt kim montes revealed tuesday that the guardrail damaged the italian car on the east side of the passenger door . montes also said that evidence suggests terry tried to grab the wheel and ` counter steer ' the out-
tory peer lord ashcroft , ukip 's vote has fallen in nine of them . support for mr farage 's party has more than halved in two seats . revelation comes after leaked poll revealed farage is on course to lose his own parliamentary election battle in kent .
michelle heale of tom 's river , new jersey claims she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce , but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards , killing the boy . the mother of twins , who were in the next room when the incident happened and then three years old , was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child . the prosecution has argued that heale shook the child to death as a result of
green party advert designed to show that despite claims to the contrary , the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration . video begins with ` david cameron ' playing a white grand piano with ` ed miliband ' looking on .
love food hate waste will store details of all the foods you have at home and alerts you to duplicate buys . where chefs eat , # 10.99 ios has picked the ten every foodie should have . jamie oliver 's app comes with easy-to-follow recipes and videos .
two boys , aged 14 and 15 , allegedly abused by saudi airport officials . announcement comes amid escalating tensions between two regional powers . sunni saudi arabia has led the bombing campaign against yemeni shiite rebels , the houthis , much to the anger of iran .
margaret gretton , 46 , has been barred from classrooms for labelling an asian job applicant ` taliban ' and calling special needs pupils ` roadkill ' . she referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of ` bombs and blowing up the school ' . head of burton joyce primary school in nottingham ruled she ` exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as disability ' .
annegret raunigk , 65 , was plunged into a vortex of travel and trials thanks to the wish of daughter leila , who turns ten this year . their scheduled births for the schoolteacher from spandau , berlin , is just weeks away - but there are major fears that the health risks for her unborn quads will spike massively if they are induced early .
james and hope ben canaan left gloriavale christian community last month . they are living in a ` false system ' and left with their twelve children and few worldly possessions . the ben canaans fled some 300km south to the town of timaru , where supporters have helped them adapt to a world where christmas and birthdays are celebrated .
john kerry ` is delusional ' if he expected to claim the iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they did n't and get away with it , says the chairman of the senate armed services committee . mccain , responding to the supreme leader of iran 's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is ` instant ' , said he had ` sympathy ' for iranian ayatollah ali khamenei , because k
hannah moore , 20 , from broxburn , west lothian , shared photos of her post-childbirth body on instagram . the mum-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate ` nudity and violence ' . critics have also highlighted that plenty of images that are dedicated to showing the female form in its most honest state .
australian mp andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression . the minister for investment and trade said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach . he also revealed he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood .
rebecca calder , 24 , went out drinking on the same night she used victims ' bank cards to withdraw large amounts of money . at her peak she was draining up to # 300 a day from her disabled victims ' accounts , spending it on nights out and items such as shoes . officers discovered calder had stolen more than # 5,000 from the savings of the elderly couple who suffered from mental and physical disabilities .
rajul patel , 35 , targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at virgin active health clubs across london after obtaining memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor . in one spree , patel stole a man 's platinum wedding ring , and a 40th birthday bracelet , isleworth crown court was told . he was finally stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers just five minutes after beginning his workout .
liam marshall-ascough is standing to be an mp in stoke-on-trent central . the gay candidate is pictured on the open profile of his facebook page appearing to lick a female friend 's breasts . but he has insisted the photos show him out having fun with close friends ` like a normal person ' and do not undermine his ability to do the job .
freelance truck driver trevor vale has pleaded with australians to attend anzac day service . the video has been viewed over 800,000 times on social media . mr vale was furious at their responses and made the video to persuade them to honour their ancestors who fought so bravely for them .
ronnie lungu was singled out as ' a marked man ' by wiltshire police . it found the 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues after his internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy . it also heard evidence that derogatory comments were made about mr lungu based on his colour violating his dignity .
tavon watson , 24 , was driving the lamborghini on sunday when he lost control of the italian supercar at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in florida . father-of-one terry died at the scene while watson was rushed to celebration hospital near lake buene vista for treatment where he was later declared stable .
the ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the december 7 , 1941 surprise attack from japanese forces . altogether , 429 sailors and marines onboard were killed . only 35 were identified in the years immediately after . hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in hawaii .
max muggeridge , 19 , from qld was camping at tweed heads just across the nsw border with his girlfriend when the pair decided to go for an early morning fish . he spent the next three hours trying to bring it to shore . the massive creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach .
aaron hernandez saw his pcp-taking friends kill odin lloyd but did not commit the murder himself , his defense claimed in the closing arguments on tuesday . ` he was a 23-year-old kid who witnessed ... a shocking killing committed by somebody he knew . he really did n't know what to do . so he just put one foot in front of the other , ' defense attorney james sultan said after closing arguments . if convicted , he faces a maximum
yaphet kotto , who starred as dr kananga in the 1973 bond installment live , said the role was created by ian fleming for a white actor . his comments come in response to months of speculation that black british actor idris elba is in the running to be named as daniel craig 's successor .
iain duncan smith said the ` marie antoinette ' moment by the work and pensions secretary showed ` just how out of touch the tories are ' . he told the bbc : ` it should be flexible hours contracts , but only 2 % of the total workforce have those ' .
fox news anchor chris wallace , 67 , faced wide-spread criticism after fat shaming kelly clarkson in a radio interview on friday . in a statement , wallace said the singer and new mom could ` stay off the deep dish pizza for a while ' . in reply , he said the ` american idol ' winner has ' a lovely voice ' . within minutes , he has apologized for his ` offensive ' remarks .
vatican are training up ordinary doctors , teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions . the tenth edition of the annual course , ` exorcism and prayer of liberation , ' began this morning at rome 's regina apostolorum university . experts say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult among the young including ouija boards and seances .
the families of two slain new york city police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the mets ' home opener at citi field on monday . new england patriots quarterback tom brady also threw a first pitch , but did n't do himself proud , chucking the ball straight at the ground . the nypd families were joined by mayor bill de blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again coming under scrutiny .
taiwanese man 's memorial was turned into a makeshift gentleman 's club . two scantily-clad strippers showed off their moves in a scene more fitting to a strip club than a funeral home . some mourners appeared to be more interested in filming the sexy dancers rather than remembering their departed friend .
celebrities and music lovers gathered on friday in the southern california desert for the beginning of the annual coachella valley music and arts festival . as in previous years , the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act ac/dc was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as azealia banks , tame impala , alabama shakes and interpol . this year 's lineup includes rapper drake
tourists at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on saturday . his parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury . though the felines appeared to avoid the child , dr christopher kuhar , executive director at the zoo , said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday .
the baby , a boy named prince irfan , was born in the swiss city of geneva last saturday and both mother and child are doing well . news of the birth has been greeted with joy by the followers of the aga khan , who spoke of his family 's ` great happiness ' .
whitney fetters , from putnam city , oklahoma , turned herself into cops in february after other students told teachers about the pictures but she was released after posting $ 10,000 bail . the spanish teacher , who has since lost her job at hefner middle school , allegedly planned to invite the boy to spend the night with her as she was house-sitting ` so they could get high and have sex ' .
the 22-year-old 's kode with karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year at the flatiron pre-college academy . the blonde beauty is donating $ 20,000 of her own money for the classes , which cost $ 2,000 per student .
internationally renowned design duo becky cooper and bridget yorston unveiled their new swimwear line on the catwalk at mercedes-benz fashion week australia . following a preview lunch on sunday , attendees at the carriageworks in sydney were treated to a parade of models in skimpy bikinis and one-piece suits . animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection .
more than 140 children removed from schools in washington because they could not prove they had required vaccinations . virus has swept several states in america and california . officials have warned there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago . they are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died .
leeds-based direct line is running a competition called #everydayfix . they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems . these include forgetting to lock the door , which one company hopes to solve with their forget me lock prototype . the products were designed as part of the direct line everyday fix design makeathon .
deputy pm met by protesters in surbiton , south-west london , who chanted : ` nick clegg lied to me , he said uni would be free ' . mr clegg ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message that only the lib dems can be trusted to balance the budget without hitting the poor .
jessica mejia , 20 , was killed in a car crash in december 2009 . her ex-boyfriend , nicholas sord , lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole . when deputies arrived on the scene , they improperly removed clothing from her dead body and took photographs of her , her mother has claimed . the deputies intentionally caused emotional distress to the victim 's family , they say .
the white rhino looks like the main battle tank of an extra-terrestrial army , while the black is more like a hot-rod armoured car . the greater one-horned rhino meanwhile , sometimes called the indian rhino , looks as if it 's been riveted together from pieces of boiler-plate .
moira gemmill , 55 , was cycling to work at st james 's palace . she collided with a lorry near lambeth bridge in westminster . the leading art and design figure was the fifth cyclist killed on london 's road this year . ms gemmill spent more than 10 years at the royal collection trust .
dustin irons , 26 , has been in prison since december after he was arrested for trashing a hotel room and assaulting people inside . the outraged judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court . since being in prison irons was known as a difficult inmate , who needed to be kept with two officers and in handcuffs if he was moved .
heartbroken owner tony tancock believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs . he has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies and has shown them off at events around the country . but he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind .
michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden . the body was discovered at the west colonial drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check . he is already on parole for battery on law enforcement .
former white house aide kristina schake is reportedly behind the drive to get another first lady - ex-secretary of state , hillary clinton - elected president . ms schake , 45 , will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician - who is expected to announce her run this month - from a strong and knowledgeable figure into a softer , more accessible one .
the woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her white honda as the teenage carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from the fast track car wash in smyrna , georgia . but the incident came to a climactic end when a man passing by produced a gun and fired a shot . police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman 's life .
as orthodox easter sunday was held , thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the aegean island of chios . dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of aghios markos and panaghia erithiani while the annual battle is held . fortunately , severe injuries are rare in vrontados during the fiery celebrations .
pianoist laurie holloway was invited to buckingham palace by princess margaret to accompany herself and the queen for the performance . the royals recorded songs such as i know where the flies go in winter time , which were incredibly popular when the queen and her sister were growing up . mr holloway told the mirror that he arrived at the palace and was shown into a room containing a piano and two microphones .
matthew kenney , 34 , ran though traffic early on saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers . flakka , which can be injected , snorted , swallowed or taken with other substances , has been nicknamed ' $ 5 insanity ' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost .
three young oxford graduates set off to explore the iriri river in a remote part of the amazon . one of them , richard mason , became the last englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe when he was murdered with bows and arrows . the trip was the beginning of a lifelong fascination with the region , and a distinguished career writing about it .
luckey hero live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network . it will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band . instead of playing along with computer-generated characters , wannabe rockers will see a first-person view of their band and audiences portrayed by human actors . during its prime in 2009 the guitar hero series topped $ 2 billion -lrb- # 1.3 billion -rrb- in sales but activision abandoned the franchise in 2011
anne-louise van den nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer , called ewing 's sarcoma , aged just five . her parents were informed she only had three months to live . however , she tragically died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl near her home in rossland , british columbia . a fundraising page set up by her friends has raised an incredible $ 40,000 in her memory .
woman was waiting to board tan son nhat international airport in ho chi minh city , vietnam , when the incident took place . traveller had checked in and was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed by a worker . scales showed the luggage did indeed weigh more than the 7kg permitted .
oklahoma roommates jiaro mendez and elias acevedo were both found to be ` highly intoxicated ' by tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on april 14 . the men were arguing over which phone was better , police said . the pair , covered in blood , were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body .
paddle , pellita , chan and idalia have been sent from australia as a gift to mark singapore 's 50th anniversary of independence . the furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on monday . the koalas will be on loan to singapore for six months at a purpose-built enclosure in singapore zoo .
dan price , the ceo of gravity payments , is slashing his own salary by 93percent . he 's also taking up to 80percent of the firm 's $ 2.2 million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries . price founded gravity payments in 2004 when he was 19 and working out of his dorm room at seattle pacific university .
selling books about islam three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year , according to the french national union of bookshops . comes as a special magazine supplement from philosphie focused in the koran also saw a spike in sales following the attacks on the french satirical magazine and a jewish supermarket .
stephanie hannon , who was the tech giant 's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact , will serve as her presidential campaign 's chief technology officer . she will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites , mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state through the 2016 elections . hannon previously worked on gmail and google maps .
developer has now submitted fresh plans to demolish john nash-designed park crescent west and rebuild it as apartments . facade will look near-on identical to its current design but residents who live behind site are furious at the proposals . pcw property holdings paid # 105million for the crescent in 2013 .
nsw ses have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on monday , with flash flooding , trees down and power outages across the sydney , newcastle and hunter regions . people have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money , condemning those responsible for trying to benefit from a crisis .
japanese artist megumi igarashi could face up to two years in jail if convicted of obscenity . in a case that has sparked accusations of heavy-handed censorship , artist said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3d printer . she was first arrested in july , but was freed several days later following a legal appeal and after thousands of people signed a petition demanding her release .
the annual water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year . locals dress up in traditional costumes , while boat races , drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of jia xing . this year , it began and the celebrations are expected to last three to seven days , with festivities sometimes being extended to a month long .
sales have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade as supermarkets continue to slash the cost of milk , vegetables and meat . on the high street clothes and footwear have become even more affordable - with prices dropping by around 7.8 per cent in the last 12 months . low cost of oil makes transporting and selling goods even cheaper .
audrey bolte told the ohio court she was looking forward to seeing ryan poston , 29 , at a bar to play pool and drink on october 12 , 2012 , but he failed to arrive . hubers , who was 21 at the time , denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self-defense .
claudio giardiello , 46 , is said to have first killed his lawyer lorenzo alberto claris appiani , 37 , and his co-defendant before shooting dead judge fernando ciampi . prosecutors said the attack was carried out with ` cold premeditation ' .
katie hopkins said vessels ` need pushing back ' and asked listeners to a radio show : ` why do we take on everyone else 's problem ? ' . comments labelled ` dangerous ' while she was described as a ` manifestation of the culture of toxic hate that is prevalent in the uk ' .
fast bowler jimmy anderson made cricket history in the caribbean . anderson beat the great sir ian botham 's all-time england wicket-taking record . botham took the wicket of denesh ramdin to claim his 384th scalp . england 's new leading test wickettaker anderson had frustrated england .
the collector 's paradise in horfield , bristol , has gone untouched for more than 80 years . it comes complete with original features including stained-glass windows , oil-fired central heating and retro jars of popular food . the three-bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen , a brick open-face fire and dated kitchen sink .
samantha and david cameron 's home has been put into the spotlight recently . but do his belongings live up to etiquette expert william hanson 's expectations ? use my short household audit to see how many of the below items you own and discover how many posh your pile really is .
maria lucia , 44 , detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on the current 's website on wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal . the alleged stalker , patrick henry kelly , has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week . he faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted .
the episode of an hour with ruta aired on independent tv channel lnk last week . it claimed that foreign children were being seized and fostered with norwegian parents to strengthen the nordic country 's ` genetic material ' . introduction to the chat show argued that norway 's child protection service -lrb- barnevernet -rrb- argued that it was deliberately targeting lithuanian children .
george davon kennedy of dekalb , georgia , was taken in tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in panama city . he now joins two other men who were arrested late last week as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the march attack . now , only one suspect remains at large .
two women , who were believed to be off-duty ryanair staff , were allegedly seen making frequent visits to the cockpit . irish aviation authority has decided to probe the incident , which took place on good friday . fellow passengers on board expressed their concerns about the behaviour of the two women .
andrea lindsay , 43 , from prescot , merseyside , shed more than three stone . mother-of-one dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year . colleagues thought robbie had traded his wife in for a younger , slimmer model .
oil exploration company claimed analysis of a well near gatwick airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the weald basin . sceptics immediately queried the bold claims -- but ukog 's millionaire chairman david lenigas insisted at the time that the oil would create thousands of jobs .
david nicholson , 48 , sent woman explicit messages , it is claimed . said he was ` keen ' on her dressing up like a pupil and ` looking forward to putting you over my knee ' . married father-of-four has not returned to costello school in basingstoke .
lauren york , 15 , ran away from her home in north ridgeville , ohio early sunday morning , with a backpack filled with clothes and her cellphone . details about where she was during her more than 24 hours missing were not detailed by police . lauren 's parents believe she left their home on her own since she took a backpack packed with a phone and clothes earlier in the day .
gitte denteneer asked staff at rubens eaterie in leuven to warm up some milk . but when she came to pay , she was stunned to find 50 cents had been added . she tweeted photo of bill , which went viral and triggered outrage on twitter . restaurant spokesman said : ` this could only happen when a customer is explicitly told this service is charged for ' .
danielle and alexander meitiv , both scientists in maryland , made headlines just before christmas when police found rafi , 10 and dvora , six , wandering the sidewalk on their own . on sunday , a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home . the children were picked up by police , who say they followed protocol by turning them over to cps .
the festival that fashion forgot - and this weekend celebrities were leading the bad-taste brigade at coachella . even among the acres of exposed flesh , lame pieces , mesh maxi dresses , skintight patterned leggings and leotards , a few stars ' dubious style still managed to stand out .
dr habeeb latheef is accused of sexually assaulting three female patients . the 48-year-old told them he needed to place objects in their hands . instead the family gp allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip , such as a pen and a key , telling the women this would measure their levels of sensitivity .
californian joshua corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary this week after allegedly breaking into actress sandra bullock 's home last summer . terrified sandra , 50 , was forced to make a desperate call to the police having locked herself in a cupboard . corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him .
the gardena toddler reportedly shouted ` mommy ' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on thursday . her girl , who has not been identified , was found injured outside of jim 's burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster .
rajee narinesingh was one of the victims of ` toxic tush ' doctor oneal ron morris , who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as fix-a-flat , super glue and mineral oil . rajee had morris inject her cheeks , lips and chin back in 2005 , and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon . in a 2014 interview she said that her new look was helping to boost her self
jeremy scott 's spring/summer 2015 collection for moschino caused an insta-stampede , nearly breaking the internet when he sent his models down the runway in barbie doll inspired dresses to the sound of aqua 's iconic 90s hit , i 'm a barbie girl .
the five-day-old hippopotamus was seen being hurled into the air after it strayed into the firing line of an adult male . the calf 's mother watched in horror as the hippo was flung into the water in the isimangaliso wetland park , in eastern south africa .
the photograph is believed to show principal andrew barr watching pornography in his office at geelong college . mr barr resigned from his position after an investigation , which included a search of his computer , after the photograph appeared on snapchat . the council is grateful for his commitment and future planning . dr hugh seward said the matter was a serious breach of the school 's standards .
boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from reykjavik , iceland , to denver , colorado on tuesday . the hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed , but the plane landed safely in denver and no one was injured .
the 32-year-old , known only by the initials saka , admitted that his father was in charge of 65 taliban troops . he also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governor 's son . immigration judges have thrown out her decision and given saka permission to stay because he was entitled to asylum and protection under human rights laws .
danila kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate stray dogs from streets . the 31-year-old would travel around south-eastern russia using poisoned sausages . officials heard the attacks were revenge as he blamed the animals for him contracting tuberculosis several years previously which had left him in a weakened state .
christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . he finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s .
netflix 's foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed us women 's prison drama orange is the new black by screening every episode in a full season marathon . the established prison drama is currently one of netflix 's flagship tv shows . the popular tv series is based on the book of the same name , by piper kerman , about a woman who is sent to prison for a crime she committed in her youth .
red squirrels have returned to one of britain 's most stunning beauty spots . native reds have been almost wiped out in the country except for a few pockets in the north of england , the isle of wight and scotland . experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area .
jane ashcroft is reported to earn # 332,000 a year while david bennett 's detached farmhouse in herefordshire was bought for # 295,000 in 2003 . but the bosses of housing associations , which are not for profit , were themselves in the dock after details emerged of their lavish salaries .
the boys were pulled out of the canal friday morning in yuma , arizona . authorities have not yet officially identified the victims , a go fund me page set up this weekend named them and their parents . the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys has already raised over $ 10,000 .
emily ratajkowski , 23 , has become an object of desire for men worldwide . the american model saw her star rocket since being cast in the video for the controversial song featuring t.i. and pharrell in 2013 . she says cooking using fresh ingredients is essential so she can monitor how much salt and sugar she is putting into her body .
dress worn by vivien leigh when she played scarlett o'hara in the classic 1939 film gone with the wind has fetched $ 137,000 at auction . the dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie but has faded to light gray from original slate blue-gray color .
the spacious five bedroom home , based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and hollywood icon ava gardner spent her final years , offers 3,054 sq. ft. of high-end accommodation with two reception rooms , five bathrooms , a study and kitchen/breakfast room . there are five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes .
secret service-provided ` scooby ' van motored from concord to boston logan international airport , escorted by troopers from both new hampshire and massachusetts . she arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. us airways shuttle to washington , d.c. on the way , her motorcade passed exits to the manchester , n.h. airport . the boston flight , though , used a larger aircraft with 12 first class seats . cl
sarah stage , a 30-year-old from los angeles , came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her trimmed and toned post-baby physique in ` granny panties ' . her son james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last tuesday .
joanna goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds . the 30-year-old mother admitted the thefts between march 2013 and february 2014 at newcastle crown court . prosecutors had initially accused her of stealing # 35,000 but accepted her guilty plea on the basis of the amount being around # 19,000 .
a utah national guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with hot shots 2015 . the army times saw emails where members of the 19th special forces talked about removing references to their involvement and blamed ` uptight mormons ' for outrage of their time with the models .
the 77 brigade , launched with great fanfare in january in response to the jihadis ' mastery of online propaganda , is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel . earlier this year , it was widely reported that the brigade would be made up of 2,000 social media and psychological warfare exponents who would enable uk forces to fight wars ` in the information age ' . but the mail on sunday can reveal that even when fully operational , the brigade will number just 454 regular
jaclyn methuen , who nearly left husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive , continues to put her new husband in the ` friend zone ' during their romantic trip to puerto rico . at one point the 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride .
michele leonhart , head of the drug enforcement administration , is expected to resign soon , an obama administration official said tuesday . she has faced mounting pressure from congress , where some questioned her competence in the wake of a scathing government watchdog report detailing allegations that agents attended sex parties with prostitutes . the dea said the incidents happened in colombia .
dr sameer patel , clinical director at the elleven practice in london 's harley street , has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the ` desk diet ' . some breakfast cereals can contain as much as three teaspoons of sugar per serving -- this is around two and a half chocolate biscuits .
eddie raymond tipton , 51 , of norwalk , iowa , was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in january for illegally playing the lottery . now prosecutors say he used an intricate system to make sure the random number generator selected his number in december 2010 , and that he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program . his trial had been due to start monday but defense lawyers asked for it to be
jan bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter shell , who died of complications from diabetes in 2011 . jan 's daughter shelley died in 2011 at the age of 56 from complications of the diabetes she had lived with for nearly all her life . jan said that when she announced her decision to her family , they were quite surprised but supportive .
detective ian cyrus , who has been suspended without pay , was caught on camera stealing cash . his supervisor has been placed on desk duty . five new york police department -lrb- nypd -rrb- detectives went to the store on friday april 3 and arrested two employees accused of selling untaxed cigarettes .
judy murray 's mother judy has revealed that she ca n't wait for her son to have children with his new wife kim sears . the 55-year-old tennis coach said that following her stint on strictly come dancing last year she taught her son some basic dance moves .
researchers from centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences -lrb- cirhus -rrb- in new york city studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread . they concluded that northern europeans in the neolithic period initially rejected the practice of farming , which was otherwise spreading throughout the continent . farming is thought to have arrived in europe 8,000 years ago - long before agriculture came to britain .
peter kelly , who leaves behind a wife in addition to five children under the age of nine , was killed on tuesday night when he was stabbed in the chest . one of the teenagers , levi acre-kendall , was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on friday by the polk county attorney 's office . the suspect , who was held on $ 125,000 bail , is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision
andrew hennells posted details of his plan to the social networking site . over ' at 7.25 pm on february 13 . a quarter of an hour later , norfolk police were alerted by a member of the public to a man brandishing a knife demanding cash from staff working at the supermarket giant 's king 's lynn branch . the 31-year-old admitted robbery and carrying a knife as an offence .
hundreds of baby seals clubbed to death on canada 's ice floes as this year 's ` commercial hunt ' gets underway . horrifying images taken only yesterday show seals being shot and wounded before they are dragged onto a vessel . animal rights charity humane society international says the baby animals ` are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody is buying ' .
charlotte watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body , meaning it shows up in some surprising ways . she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one . some symptoms associated with vitamin or mineral deficiencies can also be a warning sign of the deeper , long-term effects of chronic stress .
thomas lamadieu , who is also known as roots art , takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas . the space in between acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed ` sky art ' . in the past year alone he has visited belgium , germany , canada , the united states and south korea .
lewis helget , 27 , appeared on darren goddard 's timeline when he logged into the social networking site with the intention of deleting his account . a quarter of a century earlier , the former soldier had made the heartbreaking decision to leave behind his 18-month-old son , who he thought would never see again . mr goddard ` cried himself to sleep ' when he parted ways with lewis in 1989 after his marriage broke down .
krista dotzenrod from minnesota not only caught the foul ball hit at the game pitting the cubs against padres , but then chugged the beer down with the ball still inside the cup to the delight of fans around her . the ball is now sitting in my apartment .
general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car . it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' . the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week . it was developed by gm 's pan asia technical automotive centre -lrb- patac -rrb- joint venture . it also has magnetic hubless electric wheel motors and a wireless autocharging system , and you can even turn on the
victoria mckennon is just one class short of fulfilling the necessary requirements to graduate from plano senior high school in texas . despite that she is only just short of being able to officially graduate and her family appealed to the school to allow her to take part in the graduation ceremony . but officials initially refused to allow victoria to join her friends at the prestigious event , which draws a crowd of hundreds to see students proudly don their graduation caps and gowns in the school 's maroon
diane priestley was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue . she died of an an aneurysm at her home in shildon , county durham . ambulance service has apologised to the family of the 57-year-old . instead , a longer 30 minute response time was assigned .
pietro boselli , 26 , originally from brescia , italy , says he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from his colleagues and students . he has now achieved his phd and is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy .
the couple , who have not been named , were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of south kirkwood road , south west houston . her husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle , slipped and he ran her over . police say that they questioned the husband extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges against him .
the group , calling themselves hookers for hillary , all work at dennis hof 's infamous moonlite bunny ranch in carson city . the legal brothel , which was the subject of hbo 's cathouse series , has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement . with any republican nominee likely to work for its ' repeal , the bunnies want to protect the quality health coverage that they now enjoy .
firefighters used cranes to approach the fire which was so strong they could n't get inside the building . westhampton fire chief ross donneson said : ` you could see flames from about three miles away and you still saw all the flames going up ' . residents said the fire , whic is being investigated .
a new school textbook claims kim jong-un learned to drive when he was just three years old and won a yacht race at the tender age of nine . subjects include kim 's incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he 'd even reached double figures .
the birth of prince george in 2013 did nothing to diminish the undeniable global fascination surrounding royal babies . international research firm , yougov , has conducted a poll asking the uk and the us their opinions on the second child . questioning 1713 brits and 1124 americans , the survey revealed that after the excitement of a baby boy in blue in 2013 , both desire a baby girl .
officers forced to accept four-day inspection from experts from moscow . britain and 11 other nato countries set to contribute to naval exercise . visit began on monday at lossiemouth and involves experts from russia . defence secretary michael fallon said exercise would show world how ` powerful ' nato was .
the asparagus-delivering drone crashed part-way through its journey to the dutch restaurant . the pilot had followed the remote-controlled craft in the back of a pick-up truck while the stunt was filmed . personal drones have surged in popularity with amazon alone selling 10,000 of them every month .
geraldine jones , 36 , of gary , indiana , was charged with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of samantha fleming , 23 . police sgt chad boynton said monday afternoon police had not yet been in contact with jones . fleming and the new mother brought serenity with her .
judge michael maggio has avoided a disciplinary hearing over the conviction , for which he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine when he is sentenced in july . maggio , 52 , sparked controversy last march when he admitted posting a series of comments that were racist , sexist and offensive towards the lgbt community over the past several years .
mandy greenwood , 39 , from rochdale , greater manchester , was abused by her own father throughout her childhood . she has spoken out after he was jailed for 22 years for a catalogue of abuse against three children . mandy 's abuse began at the age of seven , when her father came into her bedroom and woke her up during the night .
master patissier eric lanlard is on-stage recalling how he once refused to bake a ` very rude ' cake for naomi campbell . the 3,600-passenger , union jack-adorned britannia is the largest ship built for the uk market .
amel gupta , from manhattan , is suing zogsports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall , breaking his nose and elbow . kickball is a popular american schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats .
footage taken from patrol car dashcam captures ` end of days ' group brawling with cops in cottonwood , arizona , on march 21 . enoch gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight and suspect david gaver was shot in the stomach and taken into custody . ten-year cottonwood police veteran sgt jeremy daniels was also shot and hospitalized , but has since been released .
frances clarkson showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini during a dip . the 53-year-old revealed the results of a week sunbathing over easter . she accessorised with a help for heroes wristband and swept her sun-bleached hair up into a butterfly clip .
kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , texas , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student . now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also aged 15 , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january .
nathalie croquet , from paris , created a photo series called spoof in which she recreated the ads of famous designers and brands . the exhibition includes parodies of ads from givenchy , lancome , lanvin and acne . the model wears , to the poses , make-up , hair colour and surroundings .
airports have codes which make sense , such as jfk for john f. kennedy international airport in new york . from unfortunate codes such as omg and sux to the funny lol , there are some very random three-letter combinations around the world . two aviation fans set out to document the world 's airport codes .
hillary clinton and top aide huma abedin did n't leave a tip during their now infamous stop at an ohio chipotle on monday - despite there being a jar on the counter . ` her bill was $ 20 and some change , and they paid with $ 21 and left , ' charles wright , manager of the maumee , ohio , restaurant , told bloomberg . ` the other lady paid the bill , ' he said , referring to abedin , the vice
jay rutland , 34 , with wife tamara ecclestone , 30 , earned just # 65 a week . training consultant 's firm brigante business developments listed in company records as providing ` management consultancy activities ' . latest accounts for year to july 2014 were filed to companies house a fortnight ago .
ex-pm said he wanted to create a ` cadre ' of former leaders to advise governments . said his ideas of leadership were ` close to a benevolent dictatorship ' . also praised the authoritarian military regime in egypt , which has been accused of human rights abuses , saying : ` yes , democracy is important , but democracy is not on its own sufficient ' .
the app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text . upon starting the game , there is no indication what the goal of it is . however , the app can be completed and has 50 levels , according to people bragging on the app store that they have completed the none * app .
james gregoire was killed following a late-night brawl in clacton , essex . the 54-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40 am . he is being questioned in connection with the death of the man named locally as ` pongo ' .
google has come a long way from its days of mailing dvds to subscribers across the country . nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector , according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company glassdoor.com . these firms are competing furiously to hire and retain the relatively small number of top-notch computer programmers who make silicon valley such a magnet for money .
michael slager , 33 , will be refused right to hold baby which his wife jamie is set to give birth in a few weeks . he is only granted video access to his eight and a half month 's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family .
trainers from bulgaria , poland and romania are being offered # 100 for each driver they manage to lure into britain . employment agency mainline is offering the incentive to any worker who refers a qualified class a hgv driver to undertake work for four weeks . this is despite there being 3,000 jobless residents in swindon .
cecilia hamilton , 16 , and her friend taylor swing , 18 , died on march 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in white county and into the water below . hamilton was arrested on sunday by deputies on gene nix road . his 18-year-old son captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property on his cell phone .
wei guiyi , 76 , guides her blind hubby huang funeng , 80 , around with a bamboo pole in their small village in southern china for 30 years . despite her own hunchback condition caused by osteoporosis , the pensioner never complains about their plights and says she looks forward to every new day .
group of eritrean refugees told how they were forced to deny their faith or face death at the hands of islamist gunmen . haben , 19 , and his brother samuel , 14 , arrived in sicily a week ago , just days before 900 people died when their boat capsized during the same dangerous journey from libya .
the aluminium battery was created at stanford university . it is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is ` fast-charging , long-lasting and inexpensive ' . aluminium is cheap and has a low flammability coupled with a high-charge storage capacity . unlike other prototypes which die after just 100 charges , the battery can also withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity .
body of stephanie scott , 26 , has been formally identified after an autopsy was carried out this week . she went missing on easter sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé aaron leeson-woolley . ms scott 's body was found around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park , north of griffith , on friday afternoon . the adored english and drama teacher disappeared from leeton , a town in the riverina region
vera baird donated # 500,000 to victims first northumbria 's top table . sitting alongside her on top table is chief constable sue sim . pair now face ministry of justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting a soap opera within the force . home secretary implemented rule allowing pccs to commission services for victims of crime .
the 56-page document , believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript in existence , was written in 1942 at the government code and cypher school at bletchley park , in buckinghamshire . turing is best known for his contribution to cracking the code used by the germans in their enigma machines during the second world war . he admits he is baffled by an equation could fetch up to $ 1million -lrb- # 690,000 -rrb- .
shelley dufresne , 32 , admitted in court thursday that she had sex with a 16-year-old student in exchange for a plea deal that gets her out of serving any prison time or having to register as a sex offender . the teen in question started bragging to friends at the st charles parish , louisiana school that he had slept with both of them . an investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had a threesome with both his current english teacher from the
the property is located within 73 acres of daintree rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of far north queensland beachfront . it was designed by architect charles wright and won the australian institute of architects house of the year for queensland in 2014 . the property boasts six bedrooms , six bathrooms , five balconies , a 2400 bottle cellar and a helipad 100 metres from the house .
experts blame increasingly sedentary lifestyles and an obsession with mobile phones for a sharp rise in the number of young people with back and neck problems . some 45 per cent of the under-30s surveyed for the british chiropractic association said they had a painful back or neck -- up from 28 per cent last year .
the most expensive edition model costs up to # 2,500 more in the uk than the us and there is a difference in price of over # 1,230 when it comes to the luxurious watch edition . britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy the apple watch . the cheapest model is the 38mm sport version and costs # 299 in the us .
man , 25 , rammed white bmw through his car window in east london . distressed onlookers tried to intervene in violent clash which culminated . he briefly reversed before ramming into a white mercedes and white prius . he was taken to hospital as a precaution and then released on police bail .
maya angelou , the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings and on the pulse of morning , was honored by the us postal service in a star-studded ceremony on tuesday . a quote attributed to angelou on her commemorative stamp was unveiled tuesday at an event featuring first lady michelle obama and postmaster general megan j. brennan . the stamp , which features a picture of angelou 's face and one of her many
royal caribbean 's legend of the seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked tuesday . just one day prior , the celebrity infinity cruise liner docked in the southern california city with 106 sick . norovirus can live on surfaces for weeks , meaning other passengers could also be infected .
star , 19 , announced as face of batiste 's 2015 ` ready for it ' campaign . campaign images show the singer with her long hair styled into a half-ponytail . she sports a long-sleeved maxi dress with sheer panels teamed with gleaming nude make-up .
eloise parry , known as ella , ` burned up from the inside ' after swallowing the substance known as dnp . doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger as there is no antidote to dnp , which is toxic . her mother fiona , 51 , has now issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online .
the 56-page book bought in cambridge contains turing 's thoughts on ` leibniz notation dx/dy ' . it is believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript known to exist . turing wrote the notes at the bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 .
marc carn , 29 , from plymouth , was drinking in an irish bar with ten friends . after he failed to turn up for his flight back home , mr carn 's family contacted the foreign office in a bid to track him down . they said his disappearance was completely out of character and feared he would miss the first birthday of his twins freddie and stanley . but the phoneless 29-year-old today handed himself into the british consulate - having walked
peter endean , who is standing for nigel farage 's party in council elections , re-tweeted an image with a caption that said : ` labour 's new floating voters . coming to a country near you soon ' . around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from libya .
former chancellor bemoans conservatives ' recent electoral performances . says they ` have n't been able to win an election for 23 years ' . warns against offering ` blank cheques ' to the nhs and foreign aid budgets . criticised tory leadership for making personal attacks on ed miliband . but critics warn move will place intense pressure on other departments .
david cameron embarked on his first proper walkabout of the election campaign in alnwick , berwick-upon-tweed . but he was reprimanded by one local woman for the ` name-calling ' in the campaign while a busker with a ukulele sang : ` f *** off back to eton with all your eton chums ' .
rachel lynn lehnardt , 35 , had been a life-long follower of the mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her split from her husband james . but following their divorce last year , she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church , where she had once been a sunday school teacher . her alcohol abuse culminated in the startling incident in which she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their ge
the coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers . they will be in circulation from monday , but an artist 's impression of the coin clearly shows the craftsmanship involved . one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks , as part of the royal australian mint 's official anzac centenary coin program .
zakiur rehman lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindi late on thursday . his release was slammed with indians calling it an ` insult ' to victims of the three-day onslaught , which was blamed on the banned pakistani militant group lashkar-e-taiba .
facebook 's sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network 's mobile app . the sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user 's most messaged friends . the social media site already harvests details people share on their profiles , including where they went to school , their interests and where they live .
a complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a louisiana branch of burger king quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the unhappy customer with a slap . after four separate requests to speak to the manager , the customer finally got the employee 's attention . the customer then asked for a refund , but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the member of staff starts to curse at the customer .
easyjet and ba are among a host of major airlines expected to scrap hundreds of flights thanks to the walk-out . experts fear up to half of all flights between the uk and france could be axed depending on how strongly the strike holds . families returning from their easter holidays and those hoping for a last-minute break will be worst affected .
court records show he was $ 7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments . his family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee during the deadly traffic stop . but there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge , despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012 .
a woman suspected of abandoning her newborn baby girl in a south carolina dumpster has come forward following the rescue of the hours old . the mother , who will be identified once she is formally charged , turned herself in on thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police . the baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by austin detray . the 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition , and
survey by beauty research organization lqs and associates looked at the lengths 1,000 american women go to in order to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity . respondents cited the hairstyles of actresses jennifer aniston and sandra bullock , as well as celebrity favorites , with 53 per cent also noting that they get skin , beauty , and hair ideas from pictures and videos of famous personalities .
drew hollinshead , 21 , stopped in the first space available when he saw the pensioner collapse on the pavement . but as he helped her for less than a minute , a traffic warden put a # 70 ticket on his car because mr hollinhead had pulled into a bay for disabled drivers .
eight guards at nauru detention centre have been suspended after they posted anti-islamic messages on social media . the guards were found to be contravening a company policy that they display ` cultural sensitivity ' . a former staffer at transfield services said the guards ` frequently referred to asylum seekers in their care as `` the enemy '' ' .
the force awakens panel held at california 's anaheim convention center on thursday . carrie fisher , 58 , who is luke skywalker , and mark hamill , 63 , were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the december film was rolled out . producer kathleen kennedy explained the 72-year-old was ` resting ' after miraculously surviving a march plane crash in los angeles .
maria kukucova , 25 , was arrested in april last year after andy bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the costa del sol . the blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family 's home 2,000 miles away in nova basoca . her parents lubomir kukuca , 50 , and danka korotaeva , 51 , said they feel hated in their own village and are
prague 's international airport has been forced to hire porters to carry passengers ' luggage up and down the stairs . the multi-million pound construction project did n't budget for an escalator between the metro station and bus terminal . but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses does n't have a moving staircase .
former california governor arnold schwarzenegger became the latest celebrity to speak out against indiana 's religious freedom restoration act . he said he believes the defining problem is that republicans are focusing on the wrong issues , in a move that will only hurt the gop and further alienate voters .
marcus and his nine-year-old sister aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in clinton . the boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher that his older brother , mother and step-father were also in the home . he also soothed his sister after she blurted out , ` we 're going to die ' , during the call and told her to ` stay
klaus-dieter scheurle , head of deutsche flugsicherung authority , urged aviation industry to develop system which could help prevent repeat of germanwings crash . investigators believe co-pilot andreas lubitz locked captain out of cockpit and deliberately crashed plane into french mountainside .
darcy , four , has travelled the globe - visiting 11 countries and 23 destinations . she takes more trips with her owner every year than the average briton . the pair have been joined on their trips by miss wong 's new dog , george . miss darcy has become such a seasoned traveller she is familiar with boarding procedures at stations and airports .
linden adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at kent state university in ohio on wednesday . the 56-year-old , who works in the college of applied engineering , can be heard shouting : ` what kind of moron are you ? ' . adkins suffered road rash and was treated at the scene .
ss sergeant oskar groening , known as ` the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' , is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp . survivors and the relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of 93-year-old groening . they spoke of their pain , pride and duty in confronting this ` cog ' in the machinery of genocide .
singer turned up hours late to his own ` intimate gig ' in canterbury last night . he then spent just a few minutes on stage , playing two of his songs . club which hosted event has apologised to the audience and accused tinie of breaking his contract with them . some fans are believed to have paid more than # 100 to meet tinie , 26 .
hoda muthana , 20 , spoke out about her decision to ditch her life as a college student in hoover , alabama , after being persuaded by terrorists it was her duty as a muslim . now the radicalized former student has called for drive-by shootings in america on memorial day and for blood to be spilled .
musicians quavious marshall , 24 , kirschnick ball , 20 , and kiari cephus , 23 , were escorted off the georgia southern university campus mid-performance on saturday night . authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when ' a very potent smell ' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses . multiple guns , marijuana and another undisclosed drug were discovered inside the vehicles .
national union of teachers has called for a ` positive portrayal of same sex relationships ' in lessons to be made ` compulsory ' under the next government . it said mps had a duty to tackle ` homophobia , biphobia and transphobia ' in schools . but critics accused the nut of ` thought control ' and said the proposals risked ` oversexualising ' children at a young age .
audio has surfaced of michael slager , 33 , laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the deadly shooting in south carolina earlier this month . the conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer 's patrol car following the incident in north charleston on april 5 . the camera continued to record for another hour and a recording of the audio feed , including the conversation between slager and a senior officer .
teachers are growing increasingly concerned that some young people are using these drinks to enable them to stay up into the early hours of the morning and then replace their lost energy by drinking two or three cans of these drinks on their way to school . chris keates , general secretary of the nasuwt , likened the caffeinated refreshments to ` readily available legal highs ' .
cellphone footage appears to show a minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling . the teens were cuffed and held on the side of the road by the officers in south minneapolis on march 18 . the officers claimed they were being investigated for grand theft auto , but the officer said , ` because i feel like arresting you ' .
the 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of ona beach in lincoln county at about 9.30 am on thursday . biologists with the oregon coast aquarium and oregon state university 's hatfield marine science center inspected the boat remains and found ` several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of japan ' . five million tons of wreckage - the remains of homes , boats , and other remnants of shattered lives in eastern japan - were
britons are treating themselves to furniture , clothing and meals out again . spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months . entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre , cinema , museums and amusement parks . it comes on the same day that official figures are expected to show britain has entered its first period of deflation since 1960 .
the tennessee supreme court has vacated the execution dates of the last four men on the state 's death row as new lethal injection methods are challenged . in 2013 and 2014 , the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup . beginning in december 2013 , the court set new execution dates for 11 inmates .
the unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20 am sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on utica ave. near prospect place in crown heights . witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by said she initially thought the body was a ` halloween prank ' .
grant shapps accused of changing wikipedia pages to promote himself . the tory party chairman has denied the claims , describing them as an ` extreme dirty tricks campaign ' . david cameron defended mr shapps , saying that the party chairman is doing ' a great job ' while on the campaign trail .
journalist jessica silva reveals on 60 minutes that if she had n't stabbed her abusive husband james polkinghorne ' i would have been dead ' . she walked away from the experience ` totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people ' . he also admitted that despite all the revelations about his son 's abusive ways , he could still not understand why his son was dead .
the department of twin research , which hosts the biggest adult twin registry in the uk , recently performed a poll of voting preferences . deciding who you will vote for may have more to do with your family than who won the leaders debate . the aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences so we can draw broader conclusions about people 's voting habits .
the skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from korea 's silla dynasty , leading some experts to suggest that the set-up was designed to imitate sex . the remains of the two people , including leg bones and teeth , were found in the main chamber of the tomb and are thought to have died between the ages of 20 and 30 . it is not known whether she died naturally or was killed so the pair could lie together for eternity .
rev. sharpton preached at charity missionary baptist church in south carolina . elected officials and police from north charleston were in attendance . senator marlon kimpson was also there to hear sharpton speak . sharpton had to say as he gave credit to mayor summey for firing officer .
a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating . two in five had injured their back , one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes . men are a third more likely than women to try to cut corners when doing a job .
actress shailene woodley coloured her lips with roasted beetroot . the 23-year-old is a big fan of natural beauty . says her mother taught her to slather on the bottom half of her hair . 12 years a slave actress lupita nyong ' o combats her dry skin with oily vegetables .
joseph o'riordan , 76 , left his wife mandy , 47 , with life-threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity . while his wife refused to discuss her unfaithful husband , a former girlfriend revealed their relationship ended because he had been sleeping with a woman on his rounds .
nafir afzal said hundreds of british teenagers see isis as ` pop idols ' . warned ` another 7/7 ' could happen unless britain makes sweeping changes . former head of crown prosecution service in north-west said children are ` manipulated ' by islamists .
london mayor will make high-profile joint appearance with david cameron . growing calls from conservative mps for mr johnson to be ` weaponised ' . only second time conservatives have been ahead with survation since 2011 . lord bell scathing about tories ' campaign saying ` it 's dreadful ' .
holly barber , 25 , woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains . but when the 25-year-old started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious . doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms , blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs , killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly . she now takes blood-thinning medication to prevent future clots .
babel bike was designed by london-based crispin sinclair - son of the famous british inventor sir clive sinclair , whose 1985 sinclair c5 bike turned out to be somewhat of a flop . called the babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage . it also has foot protectors and an electric motor . crispin will be hoping the array of safety features will appeal to safety-conscious cyclists .
spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration . until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain . but then the climate warmed to 13 °c -lrb- 55 °f -rrb- and became more humid . this enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions . the research was led by dr jordi agusti from the catalan institution for research and advanced studies . he believes this diet explains why the ancient hom
ashley madison , a canadian online dating agency , is targeting british investors for stock shares because of the uk 's supposed ` laissez faire ' attitude to extra-marital affairs . it 's founder noel biderman , 43 , who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney , wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in russia , ukraine and the balt
president barack . obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands last night ahead of a historic meeting in panama . the gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of obama 's project to thaw diplomatic relations with cuba , which have been frozen since the 1960s . speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of cuba from the state department 's list of state terror sponsors .
sandra mathis , 52 , surrendered to police just after 4.45 pm in the 1800 block of commercial street after police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her husband 's upper torso . the 48-year-old victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck .
john brynarsky 's son chris , a custom paint job expert , was shot and killed in october 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop . when he was shot , he fell over the bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it . so cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car , but not before writing a message on the inside .
peter fox , 26 , is believed to have fled to london after his mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in an alleged double murder . detectives have released cctv images of fox leaving liverpool lime street at 8.18 pm on wednesday and arriving at euston railway station in the capital at 10.57 pm . mrs fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed .
yvonne camargo , 39 , of victorville , california , was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on april 3 . the video was filmed in a parking lot after a man identifying as edward moneyhanz on youtube saw the woman ` pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store ' . the woman is oblivious to the fact that she is being filmed until the cameraman questions her intentions .
jamal kiyemba , 36 , was detained in kampala in connection with death . joan kagezi , who was killed in front of her children days before trial against islamist terror network al-shabaab , was held at guantanamo bay for four years .
coachella festival is the first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in indio , california . the couple wore matching american flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over speedos . one woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips , two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug .
the centre pompidou malaga is the first of several popup versions of the famous parisian gallery planned outside france . it is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area . across town , the first overseas branch of st petersburg state russian museum has just opened in a refurbished tobacco factory .
hayley grimes , 42 , was just a teenager when she found baby peter 's body . she says she can no longer be ` blamed ' for dumping the boy , after his mother was arrested over the child 's death 27 years later . police used dna profiling techniques to trace back to his family . but ms grimes said it was ` unthinkable ' that the baby had not been given a proper burial .
marla mccants , 43 , from nashville , tennessee , was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage by dr younan nowzaradan on last night 's season finale of my 600lb life . doctors determined that she was only months - maybe even weeks - from dying . after a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery , the mother-of-three still refused to let medical professionals help her stand up -- and , in doing so , save her life
some 400 zimbabweans -- including pregnant women and babies -- were packed onto buses to escape the anti-immigrant attacks that have left seven people dead . they were pictured wearily disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre in the zimbabwean border town of beitbridge after leaving durban yesterday . their plight emerged as south africa 's influential zulu king goodwill zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country that has forced thousands from their homes .
more than a third of gps are considering retirement in the next five years . one in six is considering going part-time and 7 % are contemplating quitting altogether . senior gps say they are facing ` incredible ' pressures brought on by ageing population . there is now a national recruitment crisis and many surgeries are short-staffed .
olivier rousteing has revealed why he snapped kim kardashian and kanye west up to front his balmain campaign because they ` represent a family for the new world ' . the 29-year-old creative director says he was inspired to feature the couple in the label 's spring/summer 2015 men 's campaign .
the dogs , who had been living in complete darkness , were found last saturday in the barn in manchester ; many emaciated , ` living in several inches of their own waste ' and close to death . the property owner , 64-year-old caroline irby , was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on monday and booked into the coffee county jail on $ 10,000 bond .
baroness hale of richmond said she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes so a person does not need to be held at fault in order to obtain a divorce . divorcing couples currently have to cite one of five reasons : adultery ; desertion for two or more years ; or five years ' separation without consent .
julius caesar famously collapsed at the battle of thapsus in 46bc . new research suggests that the roman general may have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state . doctors at imperial college london came to the conclusion after taking a new look at caesar 's symptoms described in greek and roman documents .
gang planned to put one of the men inside the desk , show it to a jeweller at a pre-arranged meeting , before placing it on the floor . then , while a price was being agreed at a nearby table , the man in the cabinet would switch the case for one containing counterfeit notes . the gang -- posing as wealthy italians -- would then walk off with their money and the stolen jewellery .
jarret stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , 36 . he was arrested on friday in las vegas , nevada , on drug possession charges , and looked wide-eyed and alert in a mugshot taken friday evening . stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in hermosa beach , california
tania rahman , 27 , was asked by salisbury city council if she wanted to run a stand at the celebration later this month . but when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall , chit chaat chai , would not be allowed because it is not ` english-themed ' . council has since apologised and reversed their decision .
laura jordan , 24 , was told her now husband jack jordan had just weeks to live on saturday april 11 , having battled leukaemia since 2013 . the couple , from brixham , devon , got engaged at jack 's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news .
marco rubio spoke to cbs ' face the nation after admitting in an interview he would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer . the florida senator told bob schieffer that he was n't against gay marriage , but believes the ` definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman ' .
kelly parsons , 35 , from london , has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman give birth to a boy . in the space of 11 months , the eggs have become twin girls , twin boys and a baby boy . kelly and her train dispatcher husband dean , 41 , struggled for eight years to conceive emily , with kelly suffering three miscarriages .
french coach forced to perform u-turn on river slipway in dartmouth , devon . eyewitnesses feared one wrong move from the driver and bus would slid into estuary . ferry service between dartmouth and kingswear costs # 4.70 for cars and 50p for foot passengers for a single journey .
a four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along pennsylvania avenue triggering secret service to put the president residence under lockdown . the incident is the second lockdown in washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on the west front of the capitol building just after 1 p.m.
tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the river mersey in stockport in the 1930s and were originally intended to provide car parking spaces . but following the outbreak of the second world war , the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter where residents of lancashire and cheshire could hide from nazi bombs .
waheed ahmed , 21 , is the son of rochdale politician shakil ahmed . he was arrested with eight relatives in a remote turkish border town earlier this month . it is understood he is now returning to the uk and will fly from dalaman into manchester airport later this evening .
william ziegler , now 39 , was jailed in 2001 for the killing of russell allen baker , an acquaintance of his who was found dead next to his house in mobile the previous year . in 2012 his conviction was overturned after tests on the gun allegedly used in the shooting could n't prove it was fired during the killings . today he is a free man again after he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder , with the judge sentencing him to the 15 years and 50
candice bergen , now 68 , confesses she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit cbs sitcom , murphy brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988 . after the first year of the hit tv show , when she won the golden globe and emmy for best actress , her salary headed skyward for over ten years .
marc gasol of the memphis grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the new orleans pelicans 110-74 on wednesday night . when he stopped to talk with a young fan on the sidelines , who animatedly talked and pointed to gasol before they exchanged a high five . the young child is a devoted grizzlies fan and popular with the players .
niamh geaney , 26 , found her doppleganger , karen branigan , 29 , in just two weeks . the aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days . it attracted submissions to their website ` twin-strangers ' .
terry cooper , 79 , was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his jack russell sam when the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs . mr cooper said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there . national farmers ' union has issued advice for residents on protecting their property from invading badgers .
police raided lo yen city restaurant in tijuana following tip-off . customer called in cops after witnessing kitchen staff killing dog . later intended to be served up masquerading as pork in next chow mein . officers conducting raid discovered caged dogs in kitchen , decapitated puppy . owner yu yu chou told local newspaper : ' i admit to killing the dog , but the meat is for my own personal use , not for my customers ' .
le manoir aux quat is a 15th century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles . le manoir 's restaurant has held two michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years since it opened . each dish was presented like a work of art - it almost seemed a shame to attack it with my cutlery .
community technology alliance is giving away free google handsets . they come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters , soup kitchens , and warn of severe weather . holly leonard , who was homeless and had spent time in prison , now has a house after finding an advert on craigslist using a google phone she was given to allow her to get online .
bobby the seal was struck by a boat or a jet-ski on monday . the six-month-old seal had been rescued in november when she was suffering breathing difficulties . wildlife campaigners were able to identify sponge bobby from the tag they fitted before her release into the wild .
berroe bergdorf , 27 , from east london , was a boy called ian . she now spins the decks in some of the country 's most high end clubs . munroe has made a name for herself on london 's party scene . she has also modelled for illamasqua and boy london .
shona banda , 37 , has a custody hearing monday in garden city , kansas . her boy was taken by authorities on march 24 after officials reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services . she did not give authorities consent to search her home , but they returned several hours later with a warrant and discovered marijuana in plant form .
marion ` suge ' knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a california courtroom on wednesday . during his appearance in the los angeles courtroom , the death row records co-founder complained to judge ronald coen and said he could walk . knight , a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot , fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing . his lawyer , matt fletcher , said authorities put knight in the chair and chained him down
laura everley , 36 , had experienced bloating , lower back pain and constipation over a three-month period . but having previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis , she put the symptoms down to those conditions . it was only when she stumbled across a post on her facebook timeline , which detailed all the same symptoms that she realised it could be cancer . tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread . mrs everley is
the westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in syria and iraq . this would partly explain why so many western extremists are eager to take part in the terror group 's sickening propaganda releases . by far the most common job for western jihadis , however is guarding prisoners .
french officials said the illicit drugs were discovered in a suitcase that arrived at the airport in nice on a flight from the dominican republic . the country 's directorate-general of customs said 18 packages containing 46lbs -lrb- 21kg -rrb- of cocaine were stuffed inside a suitcase .
doha and umm , whose names have been changed to conceal their identities , were smuggled from raqqa , in syria , to southern turkey after leaving the al-khansa brigade earlier this year . the pair said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey the group 's rules - including giving 60 lashes to those who tried to flee .
yvonne deegan , 77 , described the investigation as ` absolutely diabolical ' . she said she was ` perfectly happy ' with the care provided by dr rory lyons . the retired stonemason was a close friend of colin cosheril , 63 , whose sudden death is being looked at .
miliband will hand scottish mps the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments in a desperate attempt to reverse the exodus of his voters to the snp . but the move will lead to fears that it could put the future of the union at risk by setting scotland apart from the rest of the uk .
robert harris , 72 , was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple 's home in 2013 . colleen harris testified that she could n't recall the events leading up to his death because of traumatic memory loss . she could get 50 years to life when she is sentenced on june 5 .
the centers for disease control and prevention -lrb- cdc -rrb- said in a monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members . the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up . the ship was on its journey from march 29 to april 13 , federal health officials said . symptoms of norovirus include vomiting , diarrhea , fever and body aches .
gavin thorman , 36 , operated his drug empire from hmp altcourse in liverpool . he boasted in welsh he would make ` millions ' when he got out of jail . drugs worth # 200,000 , luxury cars , guns and even a boat were seized by detectives when they cracked the huge crime operation .
the kentucky senator made a name for himself by championing issues not typically associated with the gop such as criminal justice reform and privacy protections . but they 'll also have the opportunity to sport their support through macbook skins and woven blankets that feature paul 's face , ` stand with rand ' flip-flops and car mats .
toronto officer luke watson has dyed his hair hot pink in order to protest against homophobia , discrimination and any acts of bullying towards lgbt people . the day of pink was born in nova scotia after two high school students intervened when a gay classmate , who was wearing a pink shirt , was being bullied .
mother-of-one , 34 , shared her beauty essentials on instagram . protects her skin with a # 65 -lrb- $ 96 -rrb- creme de la mer spf 30 uv . can also be used as a make-up primer . kim also loves to spritz her face with a rose water mist .
blake cronkhite , 5 , and jayden secrest , 3 , drowned when their kid-size atv plunged into a large pond in northern california . investigators say the boys died sunday afternoon despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore .
the 54-year-old , who stars as fictional us president selina meyer in the hit comedy show , was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary of state has faced as a result of her varying hairstyles over the years . julia , who also features on the cover of the supplement , explained which is remarkable when you consider what it is .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have moved back to kensington palace to prepare for the imminent birth of their new baby , mailonline can reveal . the couple , whose second child is due on saturday , returned to their london base just a few minutes ' drive from the private lindo wing at st mary 's , paddington . the news came as william will enjoy what amounts to six weeks ' paternity leave around the arrival of the new little prince or
statue of british colonialist cecil rhodes tied by straps to a crane . follows weeks of protests at the university of cape town . government has backed the move , and sandile memela , the spokesman for the arts and culture ministry , said they are working to see if the country can take an ` official position ' on statues .
sabi sands is in south africa 's sabi sands and is sir richard branson 's private game reserve . the luxurious ulusaba game reserve is in the south african country 's . sands . photographer kay burley adopted her best nonchalant expression , but was n't fooling either of us .
alan rogers , 73 , smashed the skull of 76-year-old grandfather fred hatch . mr hatch 's worried wife enid then went looking for her husband after he failed to return into the house from the garden . she then discovered rogers standing over the bloodied body of her husband . rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is due to be sentenced later today .
the optimal case was designed by israel-based amited . sensors in the case monitor the phone 's temperature and if it gets too hot , optimal engages its anti-freeze protection mode to gently heat the phone using resistance coils . at an average temperature of 0 °c -lrb- 32 °f -rrb- , a lithium-ion battery will lose six per cent of its maximum capacity every year . at 25 °c , the battery will last for hours and can last for
police in hagerstown , maryland , are promising a thorough investigation into the death of a man in custody after officers shocked him with a stun gun outside a home he allegedly had broken into . chief mark holtzman says the man died either inside an ambulance , accompanied by two officers , or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead early friday morning . the man was not carrying identification but police were later able to identify him as darrell lawrence brown , 31 , of upper marl
charlene mess , 48 , was arrested on monday after her husband of 30 years , 52-year-old douglas mess , was found killed at their farm in attica , new york . state police troopers went to the home at 1229 exchange street road after the couple 's son reported that his father was missing .
bridget klecker , 42 , died on friday after being struck by a vehicle fleeing the police during a wild chase through san francisco . the suspects ' stolen car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk , killing her . the car later hit a second pedestrian and then crashed into another car before slipping away from police in the south of market neighborhood .
police in ragusa , a sicilian port town , arrested three syrian men who were at the helm of the turkish-flagged yacht . it is thought the smugglers had charged each person $ 8,500 -lrb- # 5,700 -rrb- to make the crossing , with police saying the total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of # 536,000 . this is far more than the usual cost of between 1,000 and 1,500 euros
victoria wasteney , 38 , says she was branded a ` religious nutcase ' when she was suspended from her job after her colleague accused her of trying to convert her to christianity . her lawyers have now submitted a challenge to an employment tribunal , arguing that they broke the law by restricting her freedom of conscience and religion .
richard lapointe , a former dishwasher , was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on friday , a judge ordered him to be freed on $ 25,000 cash bail . he later described his release as ` wonderful ' and during a press conference he said he 'd always dreamed of going home .
gold and silver bars had been loaded in murmansk onto a former irish sea ferry , converted into a battle cruiser . the bullion was to pay the americans for arms shipped to russia during one of the most crucial stages of the second world war . but as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat , one slipped and fell into the muddy waters .
the channel 4 programme celebrates the duo 's love affair with classic cars . each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles , as the pair give old-bangers a new lease of life by restoring them to their former glory . additionally , they work on more than one vehicle per episode and complete stalled restoration projects .
tim tebow will sign as a quarterback with the philadelphia eagles on monday , espn 's adam schefter reported . the agreement with tebow , stemming from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month , has been finalized . tebow 's last regular-season nfl game was in december 2012 with the new york jets , from which he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times in his lone season
education secretary signalled she would quit the cabinet if tories entered a power-sharing deal with ukip . david cameron has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on eurosceptic party if he falls short of a majority . mr farage sparked controversy last week when he used a televised leaders ' debate to target people with hiv coming to britain .
brewery owner matthew halliday said throngs of people have turned up . the spat started after the respect party parliamentary candidate for bradford west seemed to take offence . mr galloway , who does n't drink , responded to the beer makers , saying : ` what does that mean ? ' .
dr teresa belton believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives . she believes simple activities such as inviting someone out for a cup of tea , singing in a community choir and practicing good posture can all improve general wellbeing . her book , happier people healthier planet , supports the belief that while many strive for material things that support our wellbeing , it is not sustainable way to be .
as a 40-something woman who is sadly observing a jaw line that appears to be more and more desperate to rendez-vous with my neck each and every day , it has become my latest obsession . after some calls to my best insider a-list docs . it seems the new trend in celebrity-ville these days is not about hiding your wrinkles , instead it 's the new obsession .
the ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff . it is being built by the billionaire emir of dubai , sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum , one of the world 's richest men .
ben powers played the character of thelma 's husband keith in the show 's sixth and final season between 1978-1979 . he passed away at his new bedford , massachusetts home on april 6 at the age of 64 . his family has not revealed the cause of his death .
left-wing buenos aires-based tectonica is responsible for websites of more than 200 labour parliamentary candidates . it also designed the websites of harriet harman , andy burnham and tristram hunt . tory mps last night claimed labour 's argentinian link was an ` embarrassment ' for miliband .
the abc have reported that for a few hundred dollars , you can purchase your own kit on the web , and nothing is stopping buyers from using it on their children . experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online . websites like brain simulator advertise the simulators for $ 55 us and explain how to make your own electrode .
matt andersson , president of chicago-based indigo aerospace , says an external factor like ` electronic hacking ' could have caused the crash . he is believed to have barricaded himself in the cockpit of the germanwings a320 before flying the packed plane into the mountainside . investigators point to a history of mental illness and doctors notes which were hidden from his employer .
tourists were exploring the activities on offer in the country 's napo province , in the amazon rainforest . but it seems that costa rica was not amused by the ruse . the creative project was executed by the ecuadorean airline tame , ecuador 's tourism ministry and public works .
samantha fleming , 23 , went missing from her home in anderson , indiana , on april 5 . her body was found friday wrapped up in plastic and doused with bleach . police believe the woman went to the home of 23-year-old fleming posing as a child protective services employee and convinced fleming to come with her to gary . fleming recently gave birth to a daughter , serenity , and lives with her boyfriend , but disappeared with her baby
google is offering users the option of downloading their entire search archive , as well as deleting part , or all , of the record . to delete your entire search history , click onto a calendar view to take a look at what you searched for on any given date . the feature exports your searches to google drive in a zip archive , with files divided by year and quarter .
amanda casey , also of north carolina , was married to michael wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced . he went on to marry his third wife , shelby wilkie . casey said they dated for a year-and-a-half before getting married .
homaro cantu , 38 , was found hanging inside crooked fork brewery , the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner on the north side of chicago . an autopsy has been scheduled for wednesday , but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father-of-two 's death as a suicide . friends say cantu had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in moto and ing , a restaurant cantu shuttered last year .
abdul hadi arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black volkswagen passat on tuesday morning in wembley , north west london . the 48-year-old syrian national was an outspoken critic of the assad regime and ` actively ' campaigned against extremist . he is being questioned at a central london police station while officers continue their appeal for witnesses .
australian beautician chernae noonan has stopped benefit cosmetics from using the term ` brow bar ' exclusively . benefit is owned by louis vuitton moet hennessy -lrb- lvmh -rrb- , which is run by the world 's 13th richest billionaire , bernard arnault . the brow bar services ` women of relatively high disposable income aged 25 to 55 ' along with a small group of men .
nidal hasan opened fire on november 5 , 2009 , killing 13 men and women at the military post in killeen , texas , injuring 30 others . authorities initially classed the mass murder as ` workplace violence ' but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism . one victim claims he is still going without certain benefits after the military rejected his claims that his injuries were sustained in the line of duty .
david cameron has revealed that he and his wife samantha were ` falling apart ' with the pressure of trying to care for their son ivan after he was born disabled . ivan was born with ohtahara syndrome , a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair , needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and epileptic fits . mrs cameron spoke for the first time of the ` nightmare ' of learning that their first child had a rare disorder
michael kimmel , 40 , was taken into custody by kentucky state police on monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider . trooper j. gabrd launched a manhunt for the driver and later found him on horseback again and according to the arrest report , he resisted arrest , saying ' i did n't do s *** , i was just riding my horse ' .
move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17-year-old leelah alcorn . the transgender teen committed suicide in december and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy . white house says lawmakers in 18 states have introduced legislation similar to measures already in place in california , new jersey and washington , d.c.
` battle for sevastopol ' in russia but ` indestructible ' across border in ukraine . movie about female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 nazi troops . movie is co-production between two countries made just before relations nosedived . director sergei mokritsky said : ` despite everything , it has been accepted both by the new ukrainian authorities and our russian ones ' .
jaynae jackson has put her psychology studies on hold in order to care for her long-term boyfriend , jackson byrnes . the 18-year-olds from northern nsw have raised over $ 80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on wednesday . for the past week jackson and girlfriend have been desperately raising the sum needed to pay the hospital .
film , ` child 44 ' , tells the story of a serial killer who targets children . it is based on a novel by british writer tom rob smith and was due to premiere in russia today . russia 's culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated its victory over nazi germany .
dr adam cobb was taken into custody on friday in portsmouth , new hampshire , for receipt and distribution of child pornography . the 45-year-old was in the us working as a research professor and director at the prestigious us naval war college in rhode island . the internet connection at cobb 's portsmouth home was identified as the origin of the images .
harley renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney , lung , bones and neck after taking him to see a doctor when he complained of a pain in his stomach . hospital staff were amazed when the youngster , from stretford , asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his treatment . he will undergo regular check-ups over the coming years to make sure he stays free of the disease .
the paper 's powerful photo series entitled 'till death do us part ' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why south carolina is among the deadliest states for women . last year , the award went to the washington post and the guardian for their coverage of national security agency documents leaked by edward j. snowden .
genealogists have made an error in compiling the family tree of hillary clinton . as she kicks off her bid to enter the white house , hillary could claim that her path to the presidency began some 160 years ago in the little-known welsh parish of ystradyfodwg . if she can pronounce it , that is . for while the us democrat has previously spoken of her british ancestry , a definitive family tree has revealed her links to a poor mining family
gerald whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife april and their two young children at around 9.30 pm last thursday . but the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film , being broadcast on the restaurant 's television . kfc has since apologized and pledged to ensure certain channels will no longer be able to be accessed .
the plane was travelling from central scotland to tiree , the most westerly island of the inner hebrides when it went missing . police began combing woodland in argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control . it comes after a rescue operation was launched in the beinn nan lus area of glen kinglass earlier today .
evansville , kansas , is a shadow of its former self , with its once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair . but now , the ghost town is still home to two final residents , who tend to the site 's numerous cattle - rancher larry ` dee ' scherich and his wife , phyllis . instead , they encounter only hired workers in the town , which previously housed the headquarters of the largest cattle ranch in kansas
there is almost nothing in michael thomas slager 's police personnel file to suggest that his bosses considered him a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light . people in the community he served say this reflects what 's going wrong with policing today : officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain . the rev. joseph darby , vice president of the charleston branch of the national association for the advancement of colored people , said
dr george hamilton , the chief apostle of the w.o.r.d. ministries in summerville , south carolina , launched an attack on officer michael slager last week . he said : ` it 's one thing to have a loved one die ... and see how they died ' . hundreds of mourners were crammed inside the small church today , where scott 's casket was wrapped in an american flag . hamilton continued to rail against slager , who
david and victoria beckham have won planning permission to install air-con in five rooms including the luxury gym and wine cellar . but one neighbour was furious with the proposals claiming it ` will affect the historic character of the victorian house of the streets ' . they already have homes in california , france and dubai .
alison saunders abandoned trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information . her decision sparked an ugly blame game as the architects of the # 20million ` politically-motivated witch hunt ' turned against each other . prosecutors and police pointed the finger at the leveson inquiry and mps for whipping up a storm of hysteria over the work of the press .
mackenzi sue-rose miller , 21 , charged with dui manslaughter and dui while causing injuries . trinity bachmann , 13 , was sitting in the middle of the road arguing with her mother when both of them were struck by the car . miller 's blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110 , while florida 's legal driving limit is 0.08 .
martin and jessica castillo , from nuevo laredo , mexico , were scuba diving during their honeymoon in playa del carmen in february 2013 . they were told it had been found by massachusetts resident daniel roark , who picked it up from the ocean floor over a year after it was first lost . now , in honor of the lucky reunion with their ring , mr and mrs castillo have renewed their vows - and even
bobby brown spoke for the first time about his daughter bobbi kristina in los angeles on saturday night . in an emotional outburst during a concert bobby appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter 's ongoing battle for her life . the 46-year-old was given the biggest cheer of the night as he took to the stage to play hits like do n't be cruel and on our own .
julio ` wemo ' acevedo , 46 , was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that instantly killed nachman and raizel glauber . the driver , who was convicted in february , is thought to have been traveling in his bmw at 70mph , twice the speed limit . the 21-year-old glaubers , who were married in 2012 , were not wearing seat belts when the
ukip leader booed by voters at westminster 's methodist central hall . he faced claims he blamed all of britain 's problems on migrants . pollster icm hired by bbc to select the audience members . but mr farage said something had gone ` wrong ' with the process .
ronald anderson , 48 , was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his ` visibly afraid ' girlfriend . it all took place on his birthday . anderson was arrested february 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the washington , d.c. suburb of prince george 's county . he was released the day of his arrest .
new instagram account hot dudes with dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs . the account was started by writer kaylin pound and relies on submissions via direct messages . highlights include a tiny puppy looking into the camera while wearing its handsome owner 's sunglasses , and another enjoying a float around a pool in a doughnut-print rubber ring .
shamima begum and amira abase , both 15 , crossed over turkish-syrian border last february and are believed to be living in raqqa . begum has forged social media links with three of the british leaders of the al-khansa brigade -- an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago . it is understood the trio are now training with one of the notorious females arms of isis .
holly , 34 , and 47-year-old davina mccall have joined forces for garnier nutrisse . the presenters show off their glossy locks in the shoot . holly , who wakes up the nation on this morning , has added another string to her bow by designing a range of vintage-inspired clothes for babies .
the 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on tuesday in arapahoe county district court after a selection process began on january 20 . holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the july 2012 attack at a century movie theater in aurora , colorado , during a midnight screening of the film the dark knight rises . his attorneys do n't dispute that he pulled the trigger but say he was in the grips of a psychotic episode when he slipped into the
rosannah gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in december last year . the 19-month-old had been misdiagnosed with scoliosis when she was three months old , but her aunt , jessica searle , said that rosannah 's mother knew something more was wrong when the toddler 's stomach began to swell . the tumour had wrapped itself around her organs and up her spine to near her heart , and was releasing huge amounts of adrenaline
former snp leader says he wo n't be able to avoid a deal with the snp . says labour leader would find it difficult to avoid doing deal with scottish nationalists in the event of hung parliament . comes after nicola sturgeon warned mr miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed david cameron back into downing street .
mohammed ali malek , 27 , was arrested when he stepped onto sicilian soil last night , some 24 hours after his boat capsized in the mediterranean . he was later charged with multiple manslaughter , causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration . prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue .
sienna miller s a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies . yet despite being ` very sporty at school ' the actress says she 's ` not a gym person ' . also works with a personal trainer , power-walking and jogging around her local park .
details of george osborne 's leaked plans are unclear . but it is believed that minimum wage earners wouldn ' t be exempt from paying any income tax . minimum wage currently stands at # 6.50 an hour , rising to # 8.70 in october . but conservatives look set to outflank both labour and the lib dems .
comres survey reveals lib dems are up three points to 12 per cent , equal with ukip . latest bad news for mr farage , and undermines his claim yesterday . poll will also ease tory jitters showing that with less than a month to go , the tories are on 34 per cent and labour on 33 per cent .
the image was taken by brad allan in cape york , far north queensland . the 50-year-old describes it as ` the sunrise digger who 's been watching over us for 100 years ' . it was taken about two weeks before the 100th anniversary of the landing on gallipoli .
northern territory 's chief minister adam giles said parents should not doubt his ` resolve ' to take their children into the hands of child protection services . 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw ` large rocks ' at police .
frankie ruttledge , 24 , from strensall , yorkshire , weighed 18 stone 7lbs . had struggled with her weight all her life before dieting to a svelte size 10/12 . ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast , pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for obama . he was hired by labour leader amid great fanfare last year . he has helped refine ed miliband 's message about tackling cost of living . he will have been aware of labour 's eye-catching crackdown on non-doms .
dana marie mckinnon , 24 , of oviedo , florida , has been charged with dui manslaughter and vehicular homicide in the 2013 accident that killed the ceo of a defense contractor . the victim was pronounced dead at the scene , despite good samaritans ' desperate efforts to save him .
sophita rameshbhai nandwana , five , and anisha , three , weigh 5st 5lbs -lrb- 34kg -rrb- . they are among the world 's heaviest young children . food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month .
dr vicky jolliffe , a consultant dermatologist at the royal london hospital and a specialist in hair loss , recommends florisene pills -lrb- # 15.95 , lambertshealthcare.co.uk -rrb- . after six months , the hairs in those taking the supplement had increased in width by an average of 7 per cent compared with the placebo group .
rob macfarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane after it climbed about 213 meters up . he shared his first picture of ` little mac ' on social media on thursday morning after the crapping critter presumably made the climb over the course of the night . in the shot , the animal slowly climbed to the ground without being hurt and ` found somewhere else to sleep all day ' .
rebecca exton-russell , 37 , was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including marks & spencer , qvc and dove . but the derby-based model was secretly ` repulsed ' by her body , so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months .
sally white , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water . his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days . when sally married surveyor mark white . she wanted the horse called miller to play a part in her wedding celebrations .
brothers karen and colin cosheril were patients of the alderney family doctor when they died . islanders claim the death from pneumonia of karen , 52 , in january prompted the investigation , which then uncovered three more deaths of concern -- including that of retired stonemason colin , 63 .
the bodies of abdulkadir zeyat , 45 , his wife antika , 43 , and their six children were found at their house in alintepe in the country 's eastern agri province . authorities believe the family , which included siblings as young as three-years-old , died of food poisoning or exposure to poisonous gas . other theories suggested that the tragic deaths may have been down to a possible poisonous gas leak from a cylinder they kept for lighting purposes .
leanna norris , 25 , of auburn , plied two-year-old loh grenada with benedryl to make her sleep before by covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket . body was found in front seat of her car in stetson , maine , on june 24 , 2013 . assistant attorney general deb cashman said norris committed the murder to stop her ex-boyfriend , the father of her child , dating other women .
dino maglio , who is on trial in padua , northern italy , was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on tuesday . prosecutors said maglio spiked a glass of baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill . maglio claimed sex with the girl , who was under-age at the time , was consensual but admitted he was ` stupid ' to spike her drink .
larry mcelroy , 54 , fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on sunday night when he saw the vermin in his leesburg backyard . while one bullet killed the armadillo , deputies say another bounced off the armored animal , hit a fence , traveled through the back door of the mother-in-law 's mobile home and the recliner she was sitting in and struck her in the back .
supermarket giant was alerted to a possible fault in the packs of little angels 2 newborns 0 + months after a customer complaint on facebook . complainant said the teat had detached from the hard casing of one of the dummies , although luckily the baby was unharmed . supermarket said no other asda little angels dummies had been affected and that the recall was a ` precaution ' .
michelle obama has issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own . the first lady said during an appearance on live ! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday .
campaign aims to stamp out any suggestion that a woman can be blamed for her attack because of her choice in clothing . images , shot by photographer perou in braithwaite tunnel , aim to demonstrate that no matter what a woman wears she never deserves to be raped . charity goes on to explain that women should n't have to suppress their individuality in fear of an attack .
new collagen-laced brew created by japanese liquor company suntory . boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can . collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure , firmness and texture , making people appear more youthful .
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone were married at first sight on tonight 's episode of the hit fyi reality series . after a week of awkward encounters and terse conversations , it looks like things are starting to take a turn for the better for the newlyweds . ryan says he remains dedicated to cultivating a real relationship with his new wife , whom he has been attracted to from day one .
david cameron will claim labour 's economic policies risk putting a million people out of work after britain was singled out as one of the few ` bright spots ' in the global economy . he will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks worth at least # 2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff .
green party leader natalie bennett said the so-called ` citizens income ' would take longer than five years to bring in . she said another green pledge to dismantle the armed forces and use weapons factories was a ` long-term aspiration ' . revelations came in another disappointing performance by miss bennett when she was interviewed on the bbc radio 4 today programme .
former northern territory politician matthew gardiner has returned to australia after he was understood to have been fighting isis in the middle east . the 43-year-old , who has an army background , was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list . he left behind his wife and three young sons , aged between three and 11 .
lizzy hawker , 29 , entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc on a whim . she would be covering almost the same distance as that between her birthplace in london suburbs and southampton , where she was studying for a phd in environmental science . hawker surprised herself , and everyone else , by becoming the first woman to cross the dark , wet , alpine finish line that year .
the ethical maldives alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott ` high risk ' resorts linked to human rights abuses . hotels are coded as ` low risk ' or ` under consideration ' depending on their ties to corruption . by boycotting , the alliance hopes that tourists will help to make a difference in protecting and promoting democracy .
gold coast city council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers . there are more than 700 party houses across the city , which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise , nudity , lewd behaviour and violence . the new powers , approved by deputy premier and planning minister jackie trad , means there is now an official and legal definition of a party house so the council can enforce laws to
the trophy room at sandringham was a relic of a bygone era . but now the age of political correctness appears to have caught up with the queen 's norfolk estate . all 62 items -- including an indian tiger , a leopard , skins and tusks -- have been placed in storage .
american mohamed soltan , 27 , was sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of plotting unrest against the military-backed government that overthrew former egyptian president morsi . the young man has been on a hunger strike protesting his arrest and has done ` irreparable damage ' to his body including losing roughly 100 pounds .
police sniffer dogs were used to find the men after officers opened the truck 's back doors on the a40 near churcham , gloucestershire . the men were found a week after an illegal camp of migrants was cleared in calais , the french port closest to britain .
william tyrell 's parents made an impassioned plea for the three-year-old to be returned to them . police have described the ` fast-paced ' investigation into the new line of inquiry . the focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically , and is now ` progressing rapidly ' .
michelle mone bought the three-bedroom property in the park circus area of glasgow for # 780,700 in december 2011 . she spent months renovating the period two-storey townhouse , described by estate agents as an ` outstanding interior designed luxury home ' . each of the three high-ceilings bedrooms have been kitted out with lavish headboards , sparkling chandeliers and luxurious curtains .
the men , pictured in southern china , release a cormorant bird , which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp . with just a bird , a gas lamp and a net , each morning , fishermen in china keep a special , thousand year old tradition alive . the birds are very hungry and dive into the river to catch big carp .
mailonline travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway . keukenhof gardens , the netherlands , boasts seven million blooms , stunning waterways , windmills and even a petting zoo . visitors should note that their window of opportunity to visit the park is limited .
around 650 foreign entrants , three times more than last year , joined in today 's event under the constant watch of soldiers . the event - which only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 - was founded in 1981 in the single-party country . there were also categories for amateur full and half marathon runners plus north korean entrants .
event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the milky way galaxy . when a star reaches its white dwarf stage , nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star . for close encounters , the gravitational pull of the star and the associated tides are greatly enhanced .
sue sharp bought leg of lamb from asda in midlothian , scotland . claims it came from new zealand despite asda 's packaging claiming it was born , reared and slaughtered in the uk . asda says it has carried out an investigation into the mistake .
more than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off , travel-themed auction at christie 's south kensington . filled with historic artefacts , pricey art and souvenirs acquired during the original owners ' travels , the around the world auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust . this 1838 map -lrb- estimated value # 7,000 to # 10,000 -rrb- was engraved by john dower and includes a list
the company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to ` approximately 30,000 ' . only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company 's classic hummus . the positive test happened at a kroger in port huron , michigan , a mdard spokeswoman told the detroit free press .
heather mack ,19 , smiled and laughed as she cradled her baby stella - born last month - in a holding cell at the denpasar district court . she was also filmed singing the rihanna hit umbrella as she nursed the infant outside of the courtroom . mack and her boyfriend now face an anxious five days after court officials indicated that the judges would declare their verdict next tuesday .
patients charging up to a ` shameful ' # 2,700 for one eye -- treble what it costs the health service . nhs recently announced it would fund weight-loss surgery for 15,000 obese adults every year at a cost of # 6,000 each . campaigners accused hospitals of profiting from elderly patients .
steve and sarah nick built up the huge arsenal , including a 50-caliber machine gun , and 17,000 rounds of ammunition . many of the 30 weapons were legally owned , but the couple , who are said to have links to the michigan militia , are accused of plundering mrs nick 's savings to fund the potentially deadly haul .
nicola sturgeon said of independence vote : ` we have always said it 's a once in a generation thing ' . but last night , she said she would not call for another plebiscite in snp manifesto . admission sparked howls of derision from the audience in downing street .
ashleigh sokie was asked to wash one direction 's niall horan 's clothes . the 20-year-old then took a photograph of herself in the star 's polo shirt . she also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy . niall has been in georgia this week for the us masters .
four out of ten people think prince charles should give up his right to be king . william and prince harry are the most popular members of the royal family . despite courtiers ' efforts to have camilla accepted into nation 's hearts , 55 per cent are against the duchess of cornwall becoming queen .
the week that was : mbfwa featured loud prints , metallic , intricate detailing in couture masterpieces from highlight shows romance was born -lrb- l -rrb- , toni maticevski and michael lo sordo . some very different beauty looks and trends we wo n't try in real life .
up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone . demand is putting endangered gibbons , leopards and elephants in south east asia at risk . tyre industry consumes 70 per cent of all natural rubber grown , and rising demand for vehicle and aeroplane tyres is behind the recent expansion of plantations .
william kerr , 53 , is believed to have travelled to london after disappearing from approved premises in hull . he was released on licence in january after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of maureen comfort , who was found dead in 1996 . police said must return to prison ` as a matter of urgency ' .
the most since 2007 and we are poised to overtake france and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in europe . there are now literally thousands of businesses , large and small , that are engaged in automotive innovation and supply . the music was superb , the food was mediocre , and british industry was on its knees .
a recent study of more than 1,000 australian parents found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance ` more important ' things in the last week . clinical psychologist and happiness institute wellness expert dr paula watkins says its so important for us to consciously do more of the things that bring us joy . she says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload .
co-pilot andreas lubitz , who purposefully crashed germanwings flight 9525 , had been treated for a psychiatric illness . debate ensued over whether privacy laws regarding medical records should be less strict when it comes to professions that carry special responsibilities . it has been widely argued that germany 's privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy .
researchers at purdue university in indiana and the national wildlife research centre in ohio , was investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes . they were seeking to find a solution to the problem of birds colliding with aircraft , which causes # 480 million -lrb- $ 700 million -rrb- worth of damage in the us alone . the study was published in the condor : ornithological applications .
former eurovision contestant ronnie carroll died just days after getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn . he was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election . mr carroll was on the statement of nominations as ` the eurovisionary carroll ' .
joe anderson , 56 , attempted to justify payments by saying he provided school with ` kudos ' for being linked to him . when chesterfield high school in crosby stopped the payments in 2011 , he attempted to sue them , claiming discrimination because of his ` philosophical belief ' in public service . details of the case came after mr anderson rejected an employment tribunal ruling against him and took his case to appeal .
waheed ahmed , 21 , held at birmingham airport in early hours of this morning by anti-terrorism police . he was deported by turkish authorities and flown back to britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers last night . ahmed and eight of his relatives were stopped on turkish border with syria on april 1 .
stephen hunt , 38 , lost his life tackling the inferno at paul 's hair world in manchester 's northern quarter on july 13 , 2013 . the girl - who was just 15 at the time - is said to have dropped a cigarette to the floor while standing near the fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight . she was originally charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered , but was cleared having been due to stand trial on monday .
kevin russ hopped trains , dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down south . the traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he 's journeyed across the country to take photographs .
lee allan bonneau , 6 , died from blunt force trauma to the head in august 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in saskatchewan . a 10-year-old boy , identified in court documents as l.t. , reportedly admitted to killing lee bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying . on thursday , a coroner 's jury in regina heard how the underage suspect ran to his friends after the attack on bonneau telling them
towie hafford , 28 , was shot in the back of the head in a road rage attack . dietrich evans , 22 , has been arrested on suspicion of aggravated assault . the brave church singer agreed to face her alleged shooter in a police line-up . evans has been charged with aggravated assault and is being held on $ 250,000 bond .
farmers and shearers across australia are ` prepared to fight tooth and nail for our farming industry ' . the gruesome campaign shows vegan lead guitarist jona weinhofen holding a severed lamb alongside the words , ` here 's the rest of your wool coat ' . many have taken to social media to voice their disgust at the ` misleading ' and ` inaccurate ' advertisment .
nbc news chief richard engel was kidnapped in syria in 2012 . he was held for five days and expecting to be killed by sunni rebels . but mr engel has revealed that following analysis of his kidnapping it is likely the men that took him were shiite rebels affiliated to the government .
kai windsor , now 10 , started life as a girl and knew from the age of three he had been born into the wrong body . at six he wanted his hair cut short and developed a boyish awkwardness around girls . by nine he had finally broken the truth to his mother rachel , 37 , telling her : ` i 'm really a boy ' .
hayley sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone american bulldog winston by the end of april . the mother-of-two says royal mail are victimising winston and claims her family are being ` taunted all the time ' by people in the area .
irobot 's machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes . the problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 mhz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on . the massachusetts company says its vision is to create lawnmowers that are guided wirelessly from beacons on poles stuck into the lawn .
lisa skinner , 52 , shot the male home invader after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m. police said mr skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife . meanwhile , a woman thought to be mrs skinner is handcuffed on the ground . she then opened fire with a shotgun , hitting him in the chest , causing life-threatening injuries .
new zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife . he took a photo of the crocodile swimming through the marina with a dead pet dog . the clip has been viewed more than half a million times online . mr weston said the dog belonged to the local bike shop 's owner .
budi - who spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup - was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago . video footage captured at the international animal rescue 's orangutan center in indonesia , shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit .
the only child of kim kardashian and kanye west wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport . the family of three had arrived in paris after nori was baptised in jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the old city .
the directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable . islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet . the set of rules for how muslims should relieve themselves , called the qadaa al-haajah , was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented .
police have arrested two 17-year-old boys on suspicion of preparing to travel to syria to join terrorists , while also detaining a ` terror fundraiser ' . the teenagers were detained at their homes in coventry , west midlands , during a 6am raid by the region 's counter terrorism unit today . the legislation gives officers a maximum of 36 hours before they can charge , release , bail or apply for further detention .
the glamorous hollywood-inspired collection , ` sirens ' call , featured mirrored embellishments , fringing , and feathers , while the hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the great gatsby . johnson 's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection , interrupted by separates of leather and cashmere .
cate mcgregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the australian army . but it was tony abbott 's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six . it took less than an hour for the federal liberal leader to call her after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her .
hafeez bhatti , 33 , and his wife , khalida , 26 , are a ` hardworking , honest and kind ' parents of a little baby boy who moved from pakistan several years ago . the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train . stacey eden , 23 , overheard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as ` isis terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for
the sum will be divided among patients of dr. nikita levy , a gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams . the attorneys had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee , however the ruling by a baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent . the settlement is one of the largest settlements on record in the u.s. involving sexual misconduct by a physician .
scientists announced today that measurements made by the european space probe philae , which landed on comet 67p in november , show the comet 's core is n't magnetised . some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation . but in a paper published online by the journal science , the team led by hans-ulrich auster at the technical university
elton john and stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a georgia prison . the us justice department said prison officials must treat an inmate 's gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition .
sebastian thrun , who founded the google x laboratory , said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition . but he said that much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers , the same may soon be true for full personalities . thrun was speaking as part of events to mark the premiere of ` the demo , ' an experimental opera about the 1968 data transmission test .
people walking along somerton beach , southwest of adelaide , found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on december 1 , 1948 . the persian phrase ` ended ' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret code and a woman 's telephone number in the book where the paper came from . adelaide university professor derek abbott said there was ' a good chance ' of identifying the body if south australian attorney-
former royal navy rescue pilot jerry grayson set himself the task of tracking down every chopper he flew in during the 1970s . the 59-year-old , who now designs aerial stunts for films , was once the youngest pilot to join the navy and was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen . mr grayson found that one of the choppers had been turned into a glamping unit - a popular style of camping for posh campers .
nyia parler , 41 , has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in maryland ever since her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves last friday . police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals . he was found next to his wheelchair . parler was initially charged with aggravated assault , kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person .
the device uses the powerful cameras available now on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells . when these are placed in a clip on module -lrb- b -rrb- the microbeads produce distinctive diffraction patterns when they clump around a diseased cell . using a smartphone app , these images can then be sent to a central computer for analysis and then the result returned in less than 45 minutes .
the box truck collided with a car on interstate 93 southbound in the city 's dorchester neighborhood at about 6am . both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries . officials did n't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck , replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long queues forming .
venessa harris was diagnosed with bone cancer just months after winning a modelling contest that would take her overseas . the 12-year-old was the international winner in the tamblyn young model discovery contest . her parents kelly harris and karen monaghan spent christmas at the family 's windorah home , in central west queensland . venessa 's condition was n't confirmed until the new year .
david cameron made the gaffe on a campaign visit to devon this morning . the tory leader has spent the day campaigning in devon , where he must win several seats if he is to stand any chance of winning a majority . but his hopes of courting support in the county were given a knock with his food faux pas .
liberty baker , 14 , was walking to school when robert blackwell , 19 , lost control of his car and ploughed into her . he had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash . family say they are ` devastated ' by the sentence handed to him .
the humongous attraction on staten island promises stunning panoramic views of the manhattan skyline . set near the st george ferry terminal the giant observation wheel will cost an estimated $ 25 to $ 30 for a 38-minute ride . located next to the hudson river the wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time .
martin alvarado jr. , 23 , from cicero , illinois , appeared in court on monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of edwin eli o'reilly . the toddler suffered from multiple blunt force trauma and his death was ruled a homicide .
deanna rudison , 55 , was captured on a surveillance camera at quick stop gas station in the 3300 block of carondelet street this morning splashing a liquid believed to be bleach . just hours after the incident , the woman turned herself in and was arrested on two counts of aggravated battery . rudison 's son , 27-year-old jonathan rudison allegedly took part in the attack on the two cohen high school students .
teenager pleaded guilty to trying to buy poison at manchester youth court . he was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack . but he claimed he was attempting to buy the poison because he wanted to commit suicide and was sentenced to a 12 month referral order .
micha stunz , 45 , has a 9 inch-long , 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 -- 9.5 lbs , between 3 and 4.3 kg , he says . he uses his satchel to cover up his groin area when he is in public .
alex posted a video on youtube in which he asked the programme on his ipad a series of questions about gay marriage . he tells the camera : ' i was quite excited to learn that siri has become available in russian . purporting to be filming in london , he tells him of swearing when he asked how he could register a gay marriage in england .
oklahoma university student kelsey higley , who studies art media at the university of oklahoma in norman , created a fascinating self-portrait of her body . the 22-year-old 's work , which is part of a project and has been published on video-sharing site vimeo , shows just how different her frame might look if she had , for example , an hour-glass figure , or larger boobs .
ipsos mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties . asked them what they thought the most important issues facing britain were . not one of ed miliband 's labour candidates listed the government spending or the deficit . among the liberal democrats , 5 % mentioned the deficit as an issue .
david cameron admits boris johnson is locked in a behind-the-scenes battle with theresa may and george osborne to take over the tory leadership . pm said london mayor had ` suddenly realised ' after years of mischief making that his main political rivals were those lining themselves up to take the top job .
the anantara is part of the palm project and is like nowhere else . it has over-the-water bungalows there were times when it felt like we were in the maldives , but when we went to the australian themed restaurant , i imagined i was back in the jungle on i 'm a celebrity .
dc ciara campbell broke up with police marksman stuart swarbrick . the 43-year-old , formerly of lancaster cid in lancashire , is accused of spying on her ex-partner and his new partner . court heard campbell also spied on pc stuart 's new girlfriend , alice coxhead , a civilian police support worker , 50 times using the system .
supermarket giant published a list of tips on how its 314,000 uk workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes in a post on its staff website . industry insiders have said that the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up tesco stores in the eyes of consumers .
angela linton wrote the vile message after a row about a school outing . the 47-year-old told to carry out unpaid work and fined # 185 for harassing the victim . linton 's son started at perry beeches secondary school in september last year . school officials sent the angry mother a letter telling her she was banned .
internet companies will have to reveal names , ip addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film the dallas buyers club online . legals experts say even if you are hit with a legal threat there are several ways to defend the accusations . iinet 's former chief regulatory officer said the letter was not proof and it would be difficult for the film 's studio to prove someone downloaded it .
duke of york visited indian refuge in 2012 which inspired him to form charity . rescued from brothels and domestic servitude , child labour and human trafficking . kimonos , duster coats , pyjamas , scarves and make-up bags sold online . proceeds paid back to women as a salary .
the men , named locally as michael owen and kyle careford , were killed in the road accident in crowborough , east sussex . mr owen , 21 , had just received news of a job offer and was preparing for his daughter 's fifth birthday when he was killed .
dr zoe waller , 31 , who teaches pharmacy at university of east anglia , suffers from the skin condition dermatographia . this is a type of urticaria , or hives - where a raised , itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure . it is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction .
tony orrell , 56 , from middlesex , vowed to shed the pounds alongside his wife debbie , also 56 , after he hit 38 stone and she tipped the scales at 18 stone . at size xxxxxxxxl , tony had to buy his clothes from specialist retailers online and was scared to sit on normal chairs .
michael rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in october 2005 and pointing a gun at him before handcuffing him and threatening to shoot him . the plaintiff , luis colon , also claimed that rapieja choked him and ordered that he get back into his car . colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration , resisting arrest and disorderly conduct . the city settled with colon for $ 20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims
britain has been ranked only the 27th best country in the world for health and wellness in an international league table . obesity levels were the main factor pushing the uk down the health rankings . almost one in four of the population is obese , britain was 111th out of 133 countries on that specific measure .
the space launch system -lrb- sls -rrb- will be 11 self-contained small satellites , each about the size of a large shoebox . it aims to improve the current understanding of the asteroid environment and yield key information for future astronauts exploring an asteroid . biosentinel will use yeast to detect , measure , and compare the impact of deep space radiation on living organisms over long durations beyond low-earth orbit .
nikki thomas , from south wales , says she wants to turn back the clock . she was strangled to death by philip packer in a jealous rage in 2008 . jenna , who was 28 years older than she was , never reported his behaviour to police . now nikki , 27 , is warning others to learn from her sister 's story .
business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters . it is thought that he was living in a secret location in russia after his 2013 leaks made him a wanted man by the us government . it follows claims that at least three terror groups plotting attacks against britain have changed their communication methods since the leaks by snowden .
woolworths launched ` fresh in our memories ' campaign last week . the campaign invites aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their facebook page , in memory of the men and women who have fought for their country . customers took to facebook and twitter to vent their anger over the campaign and apologise !
the block 's up market south yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month . listing agents claim the lavish apartments are worth between $ 1.3 million and $ 1 million . the controversial pair made a return for ` triple threat ' after winning only $ 10,000 on the ` glasshouse ' auction day .
more than 200 members of check it is the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in america . they are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in . the ` tight-knit ' gang members are working on their own clothing label , putting on fashion shows and working stints as models .
president barack obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since harry s. truman , who left office 62 years ago . in his first six years , obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year . the state department pays the entire tab , which averaged about $ 500,000 each for obama 's seven dinners .
jesse willesee was arrested at sydney town hall for smoking weed at 4.20 pm on monday . his girlfriend jasmine dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on instagram . jesse 's controversial partner in crime also lights up a pipe in one of the confronting images .
the merfin , a rubber monofin that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid , looks set to be the essential piece of beach play kit this summer . the product is the brainchild of australian professional freediver kazzie mahina . the merfin retails at # 99 in the uk .
rubbish teams refused to empty bin because it had an empty crisp packet on its lid . elsewhere they left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top . enraged residents in farnham , surrey , have branded waste collection squads as ` little hitlers ' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter .
andy murray will marry long-term girlfriend kim sears at dunblane cathedral next week . murray was presented with a cake to mark his 500th atp tour victory cake in miami this week - but has left the majority to his fiancee . miss sears , both 27 , will have some input for the wedding as he has chosen the menu based on a series of food tasting sessions .
the unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at canberra hospital for treatment on friday . she did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an ebola treatment clinic in liberia before she arrived in australia on april 5 . health officials say it 's most unlikely she has ebola and her symptoms are consistent with many other conditions .
people with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in all-powerful , deities , according to a study by the university of auckland . together with other experts , he found that communities that believe in a high , controlling god or gods who enforce a moral code tend to live in politically complex groups with a social hierarchy beyond the local community .
katrina maddox , 23 , pulled off the double against all the odds . her second little boy came along on the a47 in norfolk two years ago . the mother said : ' i ca n't imagine there are many people who have both their children like this - it must be a million to one ' .
goodness knows how many times at white hart lane i 've felt like falling to my knees at the back of the west stand and banging my head on the floor . last saturday 's inept capitulation to aston villa was the most recent occasion : a soft goal down after 45 minutes and an expensively assembled team which looked as if it had been recruited from the local jobcentre half an hour before the kick-off . they are especially vigilant when it comes to anyone blocking the
shelbie brooke richards , 21 , of pearl to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police . in a separate hearing earlier thursday , wingate also sentenced sarah adelia graves , 22 , of crystal springs to five years . both women read letters of apology to anderson 's bereaved family .
the 44-year-old golden globe winner allegedly set fire to one pledge after viciously beating him and using a claw hammer to drag him by his genitals during a hazing ritual gone wrong . the documents claim that hamm , 44 , was eventually charged with assault in connection with the sadistic november 1990 initiation , but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom .
ayasan hirsi ali , 45 , emigrated to america in 2006 after facing death threats in the netherlands . she had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist . ali has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the u.s.
ben cousins , 36 , has been on bail and was due to face fremantle magistrates court on wednesday morning but he did not appear . his lawyer claimed the former west coast eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments and said he had a photograph of the document . the magistrate had ordered cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm wst or an arrest warrant would be issued .
britain was sixth from last in a list of the world 's most religious countries . only 30 % of people in thailand deem themselves religious , with armenia , bangladesh , georgia and morocco completing the top five . globally two-thirds of people still consider themselves religious .
debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions . experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced . figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion , and there have been warnings that shoppers are being ` trained ' not to buy at full price .
the mindfulness for travel series was developed for the airline 's new airbus a380 service between london and san francisco . providing fliers with meditation techniques , as well as additional healthy flying tips , the programme hopes to inspire a relaxed , positive state of mind for all travellers . coleman also advocates strategic napping to help travellers adjust to a different time zone and feel revitalised upon landing .
sam reese , a male model who recently appeared on channel 4 's first dates show , has received death threats over his behaviour on the program . the 22-year-old 's crime was to ask his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself - an action which sparked a slew of furious responses on twitter .
a train heading from queens into manhattan was stalled underneath the east river around 8.30 am monday morning . its conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track 's third rail . the train 's 542 passengers were taken by a rescue train to grand central station in manhattan , an mta spokesman told daily mail online . no injuries were reported beyond a woman who felt faint and requested medical attention .
sajid javid declared some values prevalent in certain asian communities were ` totally unacceptable in british society ' . comments come after inquiries into sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by asian men in rochdale , rotherham and oxford . tory minister said authorities had to ` get to the bottom of this ' .
duchess of cambridge purchased # 14.99 cath kidston tank top in 2014 . range includes boy 's t-shirts and romper suits , complete with bearskin hat-wearing soldiers , and pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls . kate and william prepare to welcome their second child this week .
three-year-old mikaeel kular was killed by his mother rosdeep adekoya . she beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days . she then told police the boy had wandered off , sparking a huge manhunt . police scotland probed the claims and an internal investigation was launched .
james hannaway , manager of rex cinema in berkhamsted , cancelled the regular tuesday baby matinees due to a combination of ` whingeing , bitching , snitching and the law ' . he explained that the special screenings were to allow parents to enjoy adult films with their children .
the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - hillary 's bearing the clinton foundation logo . meanwhile , her two ` scooby ' campaign vans got some tlc of their own at a local body shop , where they were also hand washed . mrs clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in new hampshire , where she 'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon .
statue quo , katherine jenkins and west end star elaine paige will perform . it is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration . other stars include boy band blue , r&b singer jamelia , pop star pixie lott , jazz vocalist gregory porter and tenor alfie boe .
the experimental espresso machine is intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy . it was supposed to arrive in january , so she could get some relief from the station 's instant coffee . but it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from virginia was lost in a launch explosion .
mark sanders was one of seven sigma nu brothers who tormented and humiliated sanders when he was a young pledge at the university of texas at austin . the young man was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney . hamm , a sophomore , was identified as a ringleader and arrested in 1993 , long before he became one of america 's most recognizable actors playing boozy advertising exec don draper .
reality tv 's favorite doctors are back to taking on some of the world 's most shocking plastic surgeries . dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif , the resident experts on botched , spoke to cosmopolitan.com about the ` jaw-dropping ' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season .
jeff dubois of kiro , washington struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around interstate 5 . during the unexpectedly dangerous report , cameraman damien glitch was stung more than 20 times . the company that owns the insects , belleville honey and beekeeping supply of burlington , sent beekeepers to recover as many as possible .
her majesty , who is approaching her 89th birthday , was spotted riding her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma . she was joined by lord vestey and her head groom terry pendry in the beautiful park close to her windsor castle home on monday . today 's second riding partner , lord vestry , is a close friend of the royal family and also the queen 's master of the horse .
cyclists dodged the safety barriers at a level crossing to race through the path of a speeding train . but as the barriers came down to signal a train was passing through , the racers can be seen swerving to avoid them in a desperate attempt to gain seconds on their rivals . bbc sports commentator rob hayles said the competitors had a close shave .
walter scott was jailed in 1987 after shouting obscenities at a man and pushing a deputy . a report released by the charleston county sheriff 's department on friday says deputies responded to a call about a fight between scott and another man . scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail . the disposition of the case was not immediately known .
matilda kahl , an art director , wears the exact same ` uniform ' -- an outfit made up of black trousers , white shirt and a custom leather rosette -- every single day because , as she explains to dailymail.com : ` when at work , i want to be judged on my work and my work only ' .
more than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded between february and april this year . fans of the hit hbo show caught up or re-capped before its eagerly-return on sky atlantic on sunday night . figures by anti-piracy and security firm irdeto revealed overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year , jumping from 4.9 million for the same two-month period in 2014 . top five tv shows
martin grant will refresh the uniforms worn by qantas ' domestic and international pilots which have not been changed for more than a decade . a key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform , with ceo alan joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks . mr grant -- who has more than 30 years ' experience working as a fashion designer -- will spend time talking to pilots , travelling with them and sitting in the flight deck .
hsbc was ordered to pay them compensation after watchdog found it ` relied on untested assumptions , stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age ' . the banking giant was criticised for refusing to grant the # 250,000 loan because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished .
the front row at mercedes-benz fashion week australia were given an eyeful during the st george new generation show on thursday . models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by marriam seddiq , and a few stood out for being particularly eyebrow-raising .
judge denzil lush said the sisters could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document so she could gain greater control over her mother 's money . the mother , who has dementia , lives in a care home in stoke mandeville , buckinghamshire . she owns a # 600,000 house , has savings and shares worth # 1,200 a month .
gertrud tiefenbacher 's hands tied with typewriter cord and towel placed over face . her body was found by other nuns at sacred heart missionary in ixopo . victim 's friend betty firmstone , 85 , said : ` this really was an act of savagery against a gentle , caring soul ' .
django greenblatt-seay , 33 , made a craigslist ad for his 2002 ford taurus , which he is selling for $ 3,000 , because he thought it would help spike people 's interest . the video begins from far overhead , showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at hummel park in omaha , nebraska .
the 31-year-old was pretty in a tailored cream blazer , denim jeans and a heart-print top . miss middleton , 31 , walked hand-in-hand with her boyfriend of two years before leaning in for a brief kiss . she 's been spotted previously wearing at least four different variations on their signature pointed flat design .
jacob hall invented the ruse that the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away under for his seven-year-old son , evan . mr hall , from iowa , asked australian redditors to make a recording from the fabled tooth fairy for his son . he added he was ` so humbled ' by the response he had received .
xana doyle , 19 , was a passenger in the toyota avensis , which flipped and landed on its roof in an accident in the early hours of the morning in january . driver sakhawat ali , 23 , was more than twice the drink-drive limit and had been taking class a and b drugs before getting behind the wheel . ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking .
doctors at the memorial sloan-kettering cancer center in new york have conducted a trial , treating patients diagnosed with advanced melanoma with a new type of treatment . they combined a standard drug already used , ipilimumab , with another , nivolumab . they hope the new therapy could save thousands of lives in future .
melvin the giraffe had got his head stuck in a fence when he was attacked by an eland antelope walking in the same enclosure at kristiansand zoo , southern norway . zoo vets rushed to the scene , but were unable to save the five-year-old giraffe , who died in front of shocked families .
the i quit sugar author hit out at the mamamia website after they published her photograph alongside a story on an eating disorder . the journalist and lifestyle guru behind the ` i quit sugar"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
vitamin and mineral supplements are becoming more and more popular as health conscious shoppers focus on good nutrition . nutritionist and author sarah flower says that cooking with the right ingredients should give you all the goodness you need . she says the less likely you are to need to rely on supplements to boost your health .
james freedman , 49 , has been giving pickpocket demonstrations to teach people how not to become victims of street crime . he has also advised the metropolitan police and taught the ` art ' to actors -- showing the boy who played the artful dodger in roman polanski 's oliver twist how to pick a pocket or two .
sofia vergara 's lawyer fred silberberg told people late friday that the 42-year-old ` has never wanted to destroy her embryos ' . however , she 's not planning on using them either as she has moved on with her life . loeb , 39 , filed a lawsuit against his ex-fiancee asking a judge to order her not to destroy the frozen embryos .
natalie prescott , 26 , was not expected to survive after she dived into a quarry . her family was warned she was unlikely to pull through and that if she did , she would almost certainly lose her legs . but after learning that a teenage boy tragically drowned in the same quarry on friday , natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public .
the toxic pesticide that poisoned a u.s. family on vacation in the virgin islands has also been improperly used in puerto rico . officials said documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations . the epa banned the chemical for residential use in 1984 , primarily for health concerns .
iain mackay , 40 , is believed to have argued with nilobon patty in a separate venue in hua hin , a resort some 125miles southwest of bangkok , shortly before his death . ms patty , 35 , also known as patty patrick , has been accused of ` indirectly causing his death ' as seeing her with another man .
pauline hanson described halal certification as a ` profit , money-making racket ' and that the public were being ` hoodwinked ' over the issue . she also said that the protests on saturday were about ` criticism , not racism ' . ms hanson added that an investigation was needed into where the money actually goes .
tittygram and titisign have popped up in russia offering the eyebrow raising service and are , by all accounts , causing quite a stir . it has already caught the attention of one big company , which jumped at the chance to advertise its whoppers . the use of a woman 's cleavage as advertising space has not been universally popular .
police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in los angeles on sunday night and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head . the suspect , described as hispanic , medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time , apparently had no motive for staging the attack . the boy was rushed to ronald reagan ucla medical center where he underwent surgery for a head wound .
alissa sizemore , from vernal , utah , was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it . the dancer , who has been taking lessons since she was four , was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible .
mitya the bear was found abandoned outside the city 's circus in february . he is one of many bear cubs rescued by special groups across russia this spring . also at sadgorod zoo in vladivostok , eastern russia , two one-month-old twins who were found all alone in the wild .
the female , named varvara , swam 14,000 miles -lrb- 22,500 km -rrb- from the east coast of russia to breeding grounds off the coast of mexico . her return journey across the north pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature 's conservation status . until now , scientists believed there were two distinct groups of gray whale - the eastern gray whale , which journeys along the west coast of us , and the much rarer western gray whale
flight vs44 should have left mccarran airport at 4.30 pm local time on easter monday . but a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to gatwick until early on wednesday . now some passengers are considering legal action against virgin .
scott kelley , now 50 , and stepdaughter mary nunes , now 19 , gave surrendered at the u.s. embassy on monday and were flown back to hartsfield-jackson atlanta . the pair fled new hampshire in 2004 along with genevieve 's former husband and mary 's father .
social media expert sarah-jane kurtini believes people need to more aware of their ramblings on the web . private social networks offer a secure way to share the pictures of your children with your family and friends . only share with people who care about them with really want to see them .
bali nine ringleaders myuran sukumaran and andrew chan will today find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed . a jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair 's lawyers can challenge indonesian president joko widodo 's decision to deny the two australians clemency . the pair were transferred from their home of almost ten years -- bali 's notorious kerobokan prison
chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old . the mum-of-one designed the mobile app to contain a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding .
police made the grisly discovery last night as they combed rural land . karen buckley 's family had been informed . although formal identification is yet to take place , a police spokesman said miss buckley . ' i do n't know what to do with her , ' he added .
federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names , numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies . the post claims to reveal the information of fbi director james comey and dhs director charles johnson . the department of homeland security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected or how many addresses had been leaked .
lib dem leader accused of blaming ` everyone but himself ' for the party 's disastrous poll ratings . he said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions he made including on tuition fees . blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it after it entered coalition because they did n't want to take any ` responsibility ' .
hollie tillbrook , 17 , was out with her boyfriend in basildon 's festival leisure park when she suddenly collapsed . doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped . but luckily , two off-duty police officers , believed to be from the met police , gave hollie life-saving cpr until an ambulance arrived .
david bulman , 55 , and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing . he followed her and shouted at her before he pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face . bulman was given a 12-month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm .
screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development . researchers were also able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease . discovery comes as scientists in the us made a breakthrough that could lead a test to flag up the most aggressive forms of prostate cancer .
a-listers from michelle obama to angelina jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign . but unicef have revealed that a year later more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing since . scores of others are being used within the ranks of boko haram as cooks , porters and look-outs .
the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars , vintage pinups , tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair . around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the orleans hotel and casino .
johnny depp and amber heard touched down in brisbane tuesday morning local time , putting on a show of unity amid rumors of marital woes . both johnny , 51 , and amber , 28 , were wearing their wedding bands , although missing from amber 's ring finger was the huge sparkler johnny gave her on their engagement . the sighting comes just hours after people.com claimed they were ` leading separate lives ' because they had n't been photographed together since their february 3
pierre collins was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of barway collins , crystal police chief stephanie revering said in a news release . he will be processed and taken to the hennepin county jail . collins ' wife , yamah , was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle and also driven away .
a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours . femail has compiled the worst examples , including the names ` orgasm ' , ` mazen ' , and ` amazing ' when the child was born .
the former secretary of state met a few run-of-the-mill people at kristin 's bakery in keene , new hampshire on monday . ` there was a bit of a thing back here when she came in , ' explained marcia dubois , a cashier at the bakery . ` which is too bad , ' a co-worker offered while looking furtively to see who was listening .
sir john major said snp would use any power they wield in westminster . he mocked ms sturgeon over demand to play a role in propping up a labour government . sir john said he had repeatedly warned in the 1990s that devolution to scotland would make independence more , not less , likely .
jaclyn pfeiffer , 29 , worked at the aloma methodist early childhood learning center in orange county full-time for the last 18 months . her partner , kelly bardier , 33 , was recently employed as a part-time teacher . the two have been together since october . the church said they ` felt the need ' to let both women go .
natasha willard was studying for her a-levels in cwmbran in wales . she appeared to get the flu just before christmas and her condition has worsened . her family are unsure how the 17-year-old became ill so suddenly . they are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again .
the international monetary fund reportedly admitted that he can not envisage a successful conclusion to the country 's bailout . greece this week repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if europe refuses to release more funds . thomsen 's prediction was made as the greek government repeated previous threats that unless more bail out money was made available then it would stop paying back creditors .
chloe valentine , 4 , died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period . her mother , ashlee polkinghorne , and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to chloe 's manslaughter through criminal neglect . at an inquest into her death on tuesday , authorities said social workers missed the chance to save chloe .
sir paul mccartney married heather mills in 2003 at a screening for the film ` concert for george ' . the pair -- daughters of sir paul 's first wife linda , who died of cancer four years previously -- were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father 's choice of partner .
martyn uzzell , 51 , was riding from land 's end to john o'groats for macmillan cancer support when he was thrown into the path of a car . a month before the tragedy , the council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard . but it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary . his widow kate has won a six-figure payout from the council .
lib dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus . aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people . if that means pulling pints , sipping cocktails , hurtling down a zipwire or chatting to joey essex or a hedgehog with a brain injury , mr clegg seems only to oblige .
scott stephenson stole a phone from a man he found collapsed in the street in south shields , tyne and wear . he unleashed an extraordinary expletive-filled rant outside court this week after he was re-bailed for sentence following his failure to turn up to a previous hearing . the 19-year-old from south shields rifled through his unnamed victim 's pockets and made off with the iphone 4 . his victim had tripped and fallen unconscious on the cold de
gemma , 34 , has gone from selling cards in romford to being the face and force behind a successful clothing brand dress . she feels much of her triumph comes from inspiring voluptuous women to feel more confident . kimono # 39 new additions include brightly coloured swing tops and blouses .
intel ceo brian krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm 's button sized computed and controller wristband . he was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape , and control their movement from the bans . the robots were powered by curie , a computer the size of a button developed by intel .
matthew sitko , 23 , of lewiston , idaho , drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence . the mystery man , a passer-by , grabbed a nearby rock and smashed sitko 's window , before pulling the victim from the car . sitko was taken to hospital and is recovering from minor injuries .
scientists claim to have established which diets are most likely to work . from high protein to low fat , calorie counters to slimming shakes , we are bombarded by diet plans promising the holy grail of weight loss . but if you just ca n't shed the pounds - or keep them off - then help may be at hand .
senscomb police chief warren carey was trying to arrest mayor lance mcdade when the fight broke out on friday . carey later spotted ` hobbling ' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital . city hall was shut down for the rest of the day and crews were changing the locks on the building .
the storm brought enough snow to the sierra near lake tahoe to produce near white-out conditions on roadways and a string of traffic accidents that caused the california highway patrol to order motorists off a 15 mile-stretch of a major highway on tuesday afternoon . thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm , and the los angeles dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season , though there was n't nearly enough moisture for a rain
great british bake off host sue perkins is now the favourite to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear . flurry of bets placed on perkins have propelled her to the top spot . former x-factor presenter dermot o'leary is third at 5-2 . bbc investigated the ousted top gear presenter after he attacked one of the show 's producers .
sophie thomas wore the black shirt in march when she was having her picture taken at clermont northeastern middle school in batavia . when the students got their class photos this week , she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with photoshop . school principal kendra young said the word was removed to ` prevent any unintended controversies ' .
work and pensions secretary said ed miliband was standing on ` the most left-wing platform since michael foot ' and was ` peddling lies ' about the government 's record . he set out a powerful moral case for the party 's policies , which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work .
the form asks a further 19 questions ranging from the mundane , such as ` what is your age ? ' to the overtly sinister -- ` do you believe in white supremacy ? ' . at the top is an introduction implying that it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits .
prime minister tony abbott has urged people to continue with their anzac day plans . two teenagers remain in custody following raids in melbourne 's south-east . sevdet besim , 18 , has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts . another 18-year-old , from hampton park , is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act .
a baby boom among ethnic minorities in the uk will be due to a baby boom . rise among pakistani , bangladeshi and african immigrants who usually come to this country during their young , child bearing years . campaigners fear this sudden increase will put pressure on housing , schools and the nhs .
nbc , the gilded age , will be set among the high society families of new york in the late 19th century -- meaning that violet will be seen as her far younger self . there may also be a place for robert , the earl of grantham , and his wife cora , who is american-born .
oleg kalashnikov , a former member of the ukrainian parliament , was found dead wednesday evening . it said the he had died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide . yanukovych fled in february 2014 after months of increasingly violent protests .
the maglev train completed a test run on a track in yamanashi , japan . it beat the previous record of 361mph -lrb- 580km/h -rrb- set in 2003 . this eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction , providing a faster and quieter service . the seven-car train was able to go so fast because it made use of a magnetic charge to lift and move it above a guideway .
rachel lynn lehnardt , 35 , from evans , georgia , was spotted outside her house wearing a hooded jacket and workout clothes just days after being arrested . she was arrested on saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor .
new figures from the uk civil aviation authority show 238m passengers passed through british airports in 2014 . just three million less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007 and 10m more -lrb- a 4.4 per cent rise -rrb- than 2013 . germany proved a more visited destination even than france and the us and ahead of ireland and the netherlands .
officers investigating the rio de janeiro snack bar reportedly found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs . the canines , which appeared to have been killed with blows to the head , were used for the fillings of ` pastels ' , a traditional brazilian stuffed pastry . owner chinese van ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat .
the 40-year-old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of belize into an eco-resort and conservation area . he recently teamed up with paul scialla , the chief executive of new york development firm delos , to create the eco-conscious resort .
scotland held 5.54 marriages per 1,000 - making it the most popular part of the uk in which to tie the knot . visitscotland promotes country as the ideal wedding destination , in light of andy murray 's upcoming nuptuals . gretna green , dumfries and galloway , in the southwest of the country , was the most .
isis seized control of yarmouk camp in south damascus , it has been claimed . militants posted gruesome images showing severed heads of two alleged members of aknaf beit al-maqdis online . like isis , the palestinian group has declared israel its sworn enemy . isis ' decision to publicly execute the men has prompted outrage in gaza .
the meeting would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants , . staffers at the justice department and the federal . communications commission remain concerned the combined company . would have too much power in the internet broadband market . there are also concerns the merged company would have unfair competitive leverage against tv channel owners and businesses offering online video programming .
in australia , 83 per cent of women rate themselves as average . around the world just four per cent think they 're worthy of the glowing epithet . of the 9,397 out of 11,000 that answered ` average ' , 84 per cent regularly have negative thoughts about their appearance .
chef jared mccarroll advises in checking the temperature of the meat before you start preparing your meal . the best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry quicker . fillet has the best texture but least texture but the least texture .
billy mitchell , now seven , was born with apert syndrome , a rare condition which causes malformations of the skull , face , hands and feet . he endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities . also had a titanium frame drilled into his head , which was left there for nine weeks . now his parents say he absolutely loves his new face .
mahendra bavishi , 69 , said detectives have asked to put ` sensitive ' questions to his british-based son who runs the business . he described the robbery as a ` tragedy ' for his family after the business had just started to make a small profit following years of losses .
scott morrison announced on sunday that parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits simply by signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on ` personal , philosophical or religious ' reasons . families who refuse to immunised their children are set to lose up to $ 15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from january 1 , 2016 . meanwhile , families who do vaccinate their kids are eligible for the $ 7,500-a-year childcare
` loneliness maps ' are being used to tackle the problem of elderly people being left alone by working out which areas ' residents are most at risk . campaigners say local councils should draw up maps of places where pensioners and others are most likely to suffer from social isolation . two county councils , essex and gloucestershire , have already implemented the maps .
the 47-year-old man from warwick , 150km south-west of brisbane , has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states . police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them . the alleged offences took place between 2002 until 2015 .
liana barrientos , 38 , pleaded not guilty on friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her ` services ' . the judge told her to stay out of trouble but she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card along with her 19-year-old niece . this is shortly after she wed numerous men , some of whom could pose a threat to american safety .
alpha delta president ryan maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options . the fraternity has until next monday to appeal the decision . a sophomore pledge of alpha delta reportedly agreed to be branded on his backside in the fall of 2014 , according to a whistleblower . this is not the first time alpha delta has been linked to branding .
airports coming from south-east asian countries are being routinely fumigated before luggage is removed . the mozzie is known to carry crippling viruses like dengue , chikunguya and yellow fever . authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes had n't been detected they could have become a serious threat to the health of those living around the airport .
christine lynn smith , 50 , was arrested on tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her former home . the 50-year-old 's home on north pine knoll drive was recently auctioned off , and new homeowner ed harrell was checking out the property in the afternoon when he found a dead dog just inside the doorway . a foul odor came from the home and i observed multiple beer boxes and empty beer cans -lrb- best
malcolm turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the gq australia in a bold move that will no doubt set senators ' tongues wagging . the minister for communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for prime minister if tony abbott had been successfully toppled in february 's leadership spill . his appearance in the high profile magazine has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes .
national building society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 chance to take out a 35-year loan . offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they like . surge of ` silver landlords ' likely to push up house prices .
waheed ahmed , 21 , is said to be a member of extremist group hizb ut-tahrir . he was arrested by turkish police at the border town of reyhanli last week . ahmed was one of nine detained , all from rochdale , including four children .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due to marry her partner of five years , aaron leeson-woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in new south wales this saturday . but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding . now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search .
ronald and miriam pearson met at an evening dance while he was serving in the raf police and she the auxiliary territorial service . they married in 1943 and settled in broughton near chester , welcoming their daughter two years after celebrating ve day . her husband followed two days later aged 94 .
italian musician andrea furlan was filmed standing in front of a river in stratford , milton keynes . he holds a ` butterfly landscape ' designed to his mouth and plays a tune while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background . the video concludes with an artistic shot of the cows ' reflection as the transfixed herd remain rooted to the spot .
woman was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at charles de gaulle airport on wednesday afternoon . three thieves are said to have ` appeared from nowhere ' and smashed a rear window of the car , making off with the bag . it included numerous valuable items including a single ring worth close to # 1million , as well as around 12 other valuable pieces .
ukip leader risked alienating those watching at westminster 's central hall in london as he protested they were ' a remarkable audience ' . outburst came less than half an hour into the event after some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters from those watching .
labour leader declined several chances to say that his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to number 10 . comes just three days after miss harman made clear she intended to take the role were labour to make it back into power . mr miliband also refused to guarantee her the role .
university undergraduate claims cost of trying to study in london left her with no other choice than to turn to prostitution . second year history and politics student who attends a london university told how she took up sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent . the woman spoke after a research project revealed more than a fifth of students have thought about being involved in the sex industry .
the houston texans defensive tackle released the video as part of his announcement that he has signed an endorsement deal with reebok . watt , 6-foot-5 and 290lbs , has made a reputation for himself as a defensive terror on the football field - recording more than 20 sacks and forcing four fumbles .
the so-called golden state is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year . californian farmers have been allowed to hog dwindling supplies of water , digging ever-deeper bore holes to keep the rest of us stocked up with all-year-round peaches , sweet peppers and pistachios .
lillian bustle , from new jersey , revealed that she also calls herself ` short ' , because she is 5 ' 3 '' and ` wife ' . ` fat ' is just another self-descriptor for her , who insists that the word does n't have to be used as a synonym for ` ugly ' .
patrick and marianne charles , 78 and 74 , died of carbon monoxide poisoning . couple sat down in their conservatory in eastbourne , east sussex , with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room . the conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes .
ffa chief executive jason brewer said he expects perth 's management to be removed in the wake of the mess . glory were fined $ 269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years . fans set off a series of flares , unimpressed by attempts by officials to placate them .
the turin shroud went on display to the public on sunday for the first time in five years . more than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of jesus christ . imprinted with the image of a man who appears to have been crucified , the shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century .
louise smith , 38 , secretly plucked a young girl 's hair and put it in her food . she was eating dinner with the child and a man in the crown and thistle pub near carlisle , cumbria , last may when she planted the hairs and complained to staff . but when baffled staff probed their cctv , they found her standing over the small girl and plucking two hairs from her head . smith has been convicted of fraud and is now
the error was spotted during a hampshire constabulary training course . two officers have decided to proudly continue wearing the tops with the mistake on the left sleeve to ` boost morale ' within the force . chairman of the police federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform and posted a photograph of it online .
workers producing vegetables exported to britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working . they are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands , while some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern spain . investigation by channel 4 news found they are made to work around dangerous pesticides -- causing some to fall ill .
passengers headed from kansas city , missouri , to denver , colorado springs . 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to unscheduled stop . but then languished for another six hours , before everybody was ordered off . republic airlines gave people chance to get off plane after it had been stuck for three hours .
massachusetts senator elizabeth warren reacted to wednesday 's jury verdict which found the 21-year-old guilty on all 30 charges related to the boston marathon explosions . when asked what she would like to see happen in the penalty stage of the trial , warren said ` my heart goes out to the families here but i do n't support the death penalty ' . warren has repeatedly denied that she will run in the democratic primaries .
tate ricks immediately went under water in the st johns river and the unidentified man with him attempted to save ricks but could not . officials said they were using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy . ricks , a third grade student at kelly smith elementary school in palatka , was reportedly with his grandmother 's boyfriend when the boating accident occurred .
the marshall county board voted last week to send a bill for $ 76,000 to the peoria republican who resigned last month after questions about his extravagant government-funded spending . the letter seeks a check or a promise from schock that he will pay for this summer 's special and general election costs . schock , 33 , made appearances on top chef , the colbert report and the cover of men 's health .
jack welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused education to become cripplingly expensive . he said it 's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management . the business mogul and his wife , business journalist suzy welch , were speaking to dailymail.com ceo jon steinberg .
the former secretary of state is set to announce her presidential campaign on social media this week . the show took aim at the 67-year-old as she is expected to reveal via video that she is taking another stab at what she believes is ` the highest and hardest glass ceiling ' . it is believed she will have a string of celebrity backers for her bid .
the family had left a waterfront restaurant thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the port of los angeles . the boy 's parents swam to the surface , but the children were stuck in vehicle . they were n't breathing when rescuers brought them up . the teen died at the hospital several hours later .
diana doyle was plagued with cold calls , hair loss , dandruff , impotence and snoring . even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale . the mail has exposed companies that have secretly sold private financial and medical information without proper checks .
greek-born pryce spent two months at her majesty 's pleasure after being convicted of perverting the course of justice for taking huhne 's speeding fines . despite having a high-flying career , the economist has been speaking about life in women 's prisons and how she 's handled a stellar , if not tumultuous , career .
australian couple who abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in india were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless , new evidence shows . the foi documents reportedly show staff at the australian high commission in new delhi and government officials were aware the couple was from new south wales . the couple reportedly told consular staff they wanted a baby girl to ` complete their family ' .
kansas is one signature away from telling poor families it 's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography . if republican gov. sam brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week , it would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends at strip clubs . the proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies , including one that requires ` temporary cash assistance ' recipients to hold down jobs ,
driss diaeddinn , 50 , bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers , 38-year-old dodi fayed , and 56-year old kenza benzakour , on the ground floor of their phoenix , arizona , home at 2pm on thursday . police said it appears the man and his relatives were in an on-going dispute over the family business . they believe one of the dead family members had shot their relatives before taking their own life
the cn tower in toronto is one of canada 's most recognisable tourist attractions . at 1,815 ft it is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the seven wonders of the modern world . to access the square formation of rock , which has breathtaking views of a fjord , visitors must hike more than two miles .
leah rogers and ryan flanaghan were selling a range of toys at a car boot sale in bude , cornwall , when they spotted the purple teddy at another seller 's stall . as a former collector , mr flanagan recognised the bear as a limited edition princess diana di beanie baby - one of the most sought after . they are now selling it on ebay , with a starting bid of # 20,000 .
stephanie drew the note on paper and worked with hyundai to get it copied onto a large land surface . her father took a picture of the image from space to show his daughter that her plan had worked . the scheme has been made into a video for hyundai 's new thinking campaign .
` why do n't we let me explain instead of talking over me , ok ? ' paul asked today host savannah guthrie about his past foreign policy positions . ` have i changed my opinion ? '' paul blasted at the senator . paul , a libertarian-leaning kentucky senator , launched his presidential bid on tuesday in louisville .
raymond charles laing has been released from prison despite describing himself as ' a danger to the community ' . laing was earlier jailed for two-and-a-half years for drink-driving , assault and dangerous driving causing injury in 2010 . despite his comments , laing will walk free on may 15 .
shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell are teaching their masterclass of wellness to ceos and executives across australia . the boardroom retreat is a way for executives and their staff to learn a set of skills that will help them every day . they teach skills such as dealing with stress , being aware of trains of thought , and accumulative mindfulness .
police raided the house of john koepke , in wittmann , arizona . found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting , cramped conditions . footage of the raid showed the animals clambering across the furniture . one of the cats was found nursing a set of three young chihuahua puppies .
taylor alesana of fallbrook , california took her own life on april 2 after being bullied because she was transgender . the 16-year-old described her struggles in one of the many videos she posted to her fans last november , saying ; ` i 've lost tons of friends , tons . and it 's been hell . i go to school every day , and i get my lunch and i sit down alone . ' . the north county lgbtq
louisa steckenreuter , 35 , is desperately trying to raise money for an expensive cancer treatment which could buy her more time with her family . she was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , a rare form of cancer last year . the mother-of-two has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy , which while it helped also made her very unwell . she is hoping to raise $ 100,000 .
the italian-inspired mansion , which has 360-degree views across the mountains , has now gone on the market for a tidy $ 29.5 million . homeowner dick rothkopf , a former toy company chief , chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills . but the property is so remote that it took two years , a team of engineers and $ 1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door
michael easy , 29 , sparked a major police manhunt after going on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party . he posted photographs of himself on facebook posing in a platinum wig and pink dame edna everage-style glasses under the profile name michelle . however , officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months .
kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america . the miami-based bikini-loving babe is well known for strutting her stuff on the balmy beaches . her instagram profile ` kathyzworld ' is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars or on speed boats .
restaurant critic leo schofield , 79 , claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life and the decade he spent there left him feeling bitter and depressed . he moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help tasmanians take advantage of its grand heritage .
the former obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the state department , saying she ` was fully in support of gay marriage ' . now a presidential candidate , clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the supreme court on the matter .
shah jahah khan , 62 , and muslim convert ibrahim anderson , 38 , each deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation . anderson appeared at westminster magistrates court wearing dark grey islamic dress with a grey cardigan , while khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue islam dress . the pair are alleged to have handed out leaflets about isis on the busy shopping street .
doug hughes , 61 , landed his gyro-copter on the west lawn of the capitol in washington d.c. on wednesday afternoon . house homeland security panel chairman michael mccaul revealed that capitol authorities had doug hughes in their sights and were prepared to open fire . hughes claims he informed the secret service and capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone .
the eight-year-old girl has been identified as piper by 9news . she was in the car with her mother , chantelle boddy , and two brothers when it is believed their holden astra aqua-planed , spun out of control . the incident also left passengers in the ute that collided with the astra with severe injuries .
jobless americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4 per cent last year from 10.9 per cent in 2013 . despite president obama 's promise to reverse the trend , the employment center found that hiring of graduates will rise 16per cent this year .
todd larson , 55 , told daily mail online he had parked his dodge challenger worth $ 30,000 in the driveway of his taylorsville , utah home on march 25 . moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53 am . mr larson said the faa did an investigation and found an a1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the incident and when the plane was flying above his home .
nigel jackson , 59 , was arrested at his country home in the algarve in january . body of wife brenda davidson , 72 , was found in a shallow grave outside . at the time he claimed mrs davidson committed suicide after being diagnosed with ovarian and thyroid cancer . but after being shown evidence she was killed , he changed his story . he said he buried her in his garden with their beloved pets , which they called ` babies ' , because he thought it 's
an idyllic two-bedroom log cabin nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the new forest . the 76sq ft hideaway , based near the tiny hampshire hamlet of newgrounds , is made entirely from timber imported from norway . its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthole would be worth elsewhere .
italian astronaut samantha cristoforetti wore the uniform on friday . together with nasa astronaut terry virts she captured the spacecraft . on board it had 4,000 lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine . it will remain at the iss for a month before returning to earth .
fka twigs has been one of the main trendsetters when it comes to the septum ring . it was a coming-of-age ritual for some north american tribes . in australia , aboriginals used the piercing to try and flatten their nose . in bangladesh , it is often used as a status symbol .
taxpayers having to find # 11billion a year to top up wages of millions of people working in supermarkets and other low paid jobs . money is paid to some 5.2 million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits . critics have accused supermarkets of relying on the taxpayer to ensure their staff have enough money to put food on the table .
solomon bygraves , 29 , targeted stanley evans , 93 , because he was frail . he offered to help him with his shopping but instead snatched his wallet . mr evans was left lying in the entrance to the flats in soho , central london . he said : ' i believe the public would be served for him to be in prison ' .
lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls . some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their gp over the web . but officials stressed that people would not be forced use the service and insisted it would only be for minor ailments or progress checks .
jacob church , 21 , and joe tobin , 29 , were at art exhibition at cardiff 's wood street . they were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated . after six-hour ordeal , fire crews with specialist drills were able to cut through thick concrete walls .
scientists believe they have found tiny triggers inside those cells that give rise to this ` voice ' and ruin a dieter 's good intentions . the research focused on pomc neurons , which are a structure called the hypothalamus , that send and receive signals to regulate appetite . when the gene for the transcription factor is deleted , the cells no longer make it .
patricia jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity . school alumnus scott lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by thelma & louise star susan sarandon , who 's his aunt . she said ` secular materialists -lrb- are -rrb- making our country so weak we can not fight the dictatorship of militant islam ' . janna has been reinstated
shayna hubers has been charged with murder in the october 12 , 2012 , shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend , 29-year-old ryan poston . hubers claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her , but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave posten ` the nose job he wanted ' . on the first day of testimony tuesday , jurors were shown a video of the defendant 's
the duke of kent , 79 , was spotted leaving aberdeen royal infirmary with a walking stick today . he was staying at the queen 's private residence in royal deeside , aberdeenshire , where he was treated for a dislocated hip . his royal highness prince edward walked to his daughter lady helen taylor 's car with the walking stick before being driven away .
jarret stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , 36 . he was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and mdma at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand hotel shortly before 5pm . stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in hermosa beach , california during the offseason .
shane o'byrne and wife jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby cristabelle out for the first time in march 2013 . in the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver 's seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty .
loretta reinholdt , 54 , and andy wasinger , 46 , were on their second day into a trip from belize to the honduran island of roatan in which they were learning to sail on a 17-meter-long hired boat . four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and demanded money before pushing their boat to the shore of a remote beach , leaving the couple and their captain stranded for four days .
leon yeaman , 55 , was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old shift worker phillip pama . mr yeaman was reportedly in his yard on muller road making a lot of noise at around 9pm thursday night . pama , a married father of three , was granted conditional bail on friday .
lisa mcelroy , a 50-year-old drexel professor , appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my meredith vieira . like her apparent march 31 email mishap , her game show appearance ended with a very public mistake . she got tripped up on the $ 12,500 level after flying through the first few questions , notes philly.com .
police in surrey have released cctv of the two raiders who stripped off their tops during the hottest day of the year so far . the men were among three who burst into the esso petrol station in town end , caterham , last wednesday evening looking for cash . they forced their way into the manager 's office and were ransacking the room , when they were disturbed by a member of the garage staff .
hanghang , 12 , was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it . he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face , exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs . he is now being treated in ping mei group hospital and is expected to need several operations to repair the damage .
a monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in northern territory . fishing guide carol gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole . the incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught eating dogs and threatening locals in a daly river community .
chicago mayor rahm emanuel celebrated tuesday night a hard-fought victory in a tense run-off race against challenger jesus ` chuy ' garcia . emanuel , a former white house chief of staff notorious for his brusque management style , was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat cook county commissioner garcia after failing to capture a majority against four other candidates in a february election . the mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way
a man whose car smashed into a geelong house leaving a baby girl in an induced coma was allegedly attacked by a man who was inside the home at the time . the driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly failed to negotiate a roundabout just after 8.30 pm on sunday . the four-month-old girl was airlifted to the royal children 's hospital in melbourne with minor injuries .
the cosmetologist killed himself on easter sunday , weeks after the launch of the unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix . friends admit brandt identified the resemblance - but most claim he jovially pointed it out and laughed . another friend , hair colorist kyle white , told the new york times his reaction was a front .
bishop robert finn , 62 , offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some ` grave ' reason that makes them unfit for office . children 's rights advocates are urging pope francis to do much more to deal with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals .
marc and shanon parker have built a fantastic fleet of movie-inspired vehicles . among their wonders on wheels are lifelike versions of batman 's tumbler from the dark knight film trilogy and the much-loved ghostbusters car . the brothers have even made an optimus prime truck based on the most recent transformers movie .
villagers in the small country hamlet of cledford had vehemently opposed the plans saying travellers could ` intimidate ' nearby pensioners . but yesterday cheshire east council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting which will create a ` transit site ' with room for nine gipsy families .
the bergen-belsen concentration camp was liberated by british and canadian troops in 1945 . as it appeared in the days after it was liberated , 50,000 jews , gypsies , homosexuals , nazi opponents and those with disabilities were burned to the ground . images were captured by reverend charles martin king parsons , who was one of a handful who helped liberate it .
rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs . but durring the prep her doctor discovered she had cancer . it was during the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample . sandridge was then told cancer had been found in her stomach .
the kardashians fended off swooning fans as they entered the saint james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city . archbishop aris shirvanian , an armenian church official , said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony . the 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour .
residents of rural towns like cumnock , errowanbang and molong hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children who can help populate their schools , save the local bus run and keep businesses open . theirs is one of the rent-a-farm properties which was put on the market for $ 1 a week to help regenerate the town 's dwindling population . scarlett mercer 's parents helped renovate the old ` barina ' homestead while renting the property for
fire department officials in texas have been arrested after their volunteer firefighter were charged with sexually assaulting a new recruit with a chorizo sausage . five firefighters and one 's girlfriend , who is suspected of videoing the attack at emergency service district 6 volunteer fire department in waxahachie , were taken in to custody earlier this week on sexual assault charges . fire chief gavin satterfield , 31 , and assistant fire chief william ` billy ' getzendaner , 34 , were
aimee west , 24 , is said to be in a relationship with major paul draper . major draper was hacked to death in woolwich , south-east london , two years ago . miss west 's ex-wife , jane , said she was not surprised by his new relationship .
keurig green mountain 's single-serve coffee machine has proved highly successfully and made $ 4.7 billion in revenue in us sales . among its many coffee flavors available , keurig sells on its website krispy kreme , starbucks , folgers , dunkin donuts and kahlua options .
piper kulk , 8 , on the right of the family snap caption ` our babies ' , died on sunday morning , hours after the accident on the nsw central coast . his brother daniel , 12 , and mother chantelle , 31 , they had spent the day at the royal easter show in sydney and had just been picked up from a nearby train station . tributes have poured in for two siblings killed on their way home .
pm will tell voters in england that new powers for the scottish parliament mean it ` can now have a big impact on your job , your income , and investment in your area ' . new powers to cut air passenger duty could lead to air travellers and airports in the north of england being unfairly disadvantaged .
agnese klavina , 30 , vanished after being driven away from celebrity puerto banus haunt aqwa mist on september 6 last year . older sister gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as ` very beautiful ' and spoke of her despair at the lack of news . multi-millionaire property developer 's son and pal craig porter , 33 , were summoned to court on monday in nearby marbella .
nick clegg and nigel farage pose for selfies in alnwick , northumberland . they were both spotted in maidstone , kent , and south ockendon , essex . pm has been seen donning cheesy grins on numerous occasions . but he has left no party untouched , with ed miliband and nick clegg .
mercedes-benz fashion week australia got off to a very dramatic start in sydney on sunday night . a man stormed the runway while designer kym ellery was taking her bow . the man was overheard to tell security that the music was a ` disgrace ' and that show organisers had ` no respect for the local community ' .
a loo version of the iron throne was built by a team of hollywood prop makers . it was installed in the toilet of the bar he runs in glendale , california . once finished it was presented to self-confessed game of thrones geek john giovanazzi .
jailed bigamist andrew o'clee , 36 , duped his first wife michelle , 39 , into believing he needed to spend periods away from the family home in a ` safe house ' because he was involved in a serious fraud trial . post led her to photos of his second wedding , which she then reported to police .
the will of princess diana is among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online . those of winston churchill and george orwell can also be seen . in her will , diana 's butler paul burrell was bequeathed the sum of # 50,000 , free of inheritance tax .
bobbles on the road will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid again to make the surface smoother for cyclists . the history of the area dates back to the 19th century when bristol floating harbour was built . the council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said the reaction had been ` overwhelmingly ' in support for the scheme .
ella dawson , a recent graduate of wesleyan university who resides in new york city , was diagnosed with herpes two years ago . she says she 's been dropping the ` herpes bomb ' about six months after she had her first outbreak . she is sharing her story so that less people with the virus can feel the guilt and shame that sometimes accompanies the common skin condition .
post office asked forensic accountants second sight to investigate horizon it system in 2012 following complaints from dozens of subpostmasters . review said discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures , cyber criminals or human error . also accused post office of failing ` in many cases ' to identify ` root cause of shortfalls ' before starting civil or criminal proceedings .
zeke celello , who appears to be around two years old , was overcome with emotion when clinton declared her intention to run . video sees would-be candidate repeatedly state his ambition to ascend to the nation 's highest office so he could ` play ... with toys ' . he eventually takes his mother 's advice and decides to run anyway .
a 32-year-old man has been charged with torture , after another man went to hospital suffering fractures , head injuries and burns . the case involves a man from suburban kepnock who will appear at bundaberg magistrates court on monday on charges including grievous bodily harm , deprivation of liberty and torture . police claim that the offences took place between march 20 to march 27 .
ayatollah ali khamenei was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the swiss city of lausanne . in remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line , he warned about ` deceptive ' intentions of the united states . but he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the june 30 deadline .
ashley mote , 79 , accused of a string of fraud-related offences . accused of acquiring criminal property and obtaining money transfer by deception . some of the money he allegedly made from fraud went towards funding various legal costs he had built up as a result of being prosecuted in the uk for benefit fraud offences .
mumia abu-jamal , 60 , was taken to hospital on april 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the state correctional institution at mahanoy . but this week he was delivered two batches of letters - one from a third grade class in orange , new jersey and another from high school students in the philadelphia student union . mumia 's supporters say photos of the prison journalist released this week show how ill and frail he is .
former florida state university student erica kinsman filed a civil lawsuit against top nfl prospect jameis winston . winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 . he also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year .
stanford university study examined reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the united states to student race . found teachers were more likely to view black pupils as troublemakers than those they thought were white . researchers say this may go someway towards explaining why black children are often disciplined more at schools compared to other pupils .
joy webb took her 80-year-old grandfather james drain to prom because he never got to attend the dance himself . drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the navy in 1951 at the age of 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the korea war .
dominique granier sparked outrage after he suggested putting on service . but bus company tam has taken his comments seriously and is said to have ` outsourced ' part of the route . his claims were backed up by other drivers , one of whom claimed buses were now specially cleaned because of the odour .
loren mathieson filmed her pet boston terrier , gizmo , performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties . footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air . when he reaches her on the floor , he eventually steps back down to four paws .
eric lee gates and his adult daughter , chalena mae moody , had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care . the baby boy was taken away just four days after he was born in oregon last year , plagued with genetic problems . in march , moody was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge , but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind bars .
viewers at filming of thursday night 's debate repeatedly cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration . when ukip leader nigel farage interjected and said they were prejudiced , ` even by the left-wing standards of the bbc ' , the audience only booed him further .
a 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain has been rescued by 15 firefighters . firefighters , paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg . it 's unknown how the man fell down the two-metre drain .
girl , who appears to be around six or seven , is shown sitting on a ridge in her bright pink jumper and trainers , just behind the large machine gun . she chats away to a man behind the camera , telling him she is ` shooting at daesh ' in kurdish - before firing several rounds into the desert .
box , a 2-year-old bulldog from iowa won the 36th annual beautiful bulldog contest sunday at drake university . tank received top honors as well as a crown and cape . he will appear before more than 16,000 fans -- or , royal subjects -- at the university 's drake relays .
each year thousands of homeless pooches facing euthanasia get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages . groups such as california-based pilots n paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time . the two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year .
fresh testimonies from a small island community in the maldives has reignited reports that missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 could have crashed over 5000 kilometres away . locals from the island of kudahuvadhoo , located in the southern area of the dhaalu atoll , reported witnessing ' a low-flying jumbo jet ' on the morning of march 8 last year . the reports come as acoustic scientists from curtin university refuse to rule out the possibility that ` distinctive '
michael shepard , 35 , allegedly conned parents into letting him babysit their kids and was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter . when asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors , he claimed that he had been in prison for a ` romeo and juliet romance ' with a preacher 's daughter . he also drove young children to his ` hideout ' in the woods where he allegedly forced them to perform sexual acts on him and raped
kat lee 's desperate plea on facebook has gone viral as she appealed for witnesses to come forward following her son 's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone . she told the advertiser a group of five , including four teenagers and an adult , attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog . on sunday , ms lee wrote on her facebook page that she had spent three hours at the hospital with jaidyn .
shaun ingram booked his ford focus st in for a major service and mot . but when he went to collect his car , he was shocked to discover a mechanic had taken it for a spin after his dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone . mr ingram , from saltash in cornwall , says it shows it was a pre-planned thing , not spur of the moment .
in the first three months of the year 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in emergency wards - some 4,830 patients every day . over the past year more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time -- compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 . it is now 89 weeks since hospital a&e s met their waiting targets .
julie creffield was training for a marathon when she was a size 18 . she was often heckled with taunts of ` oi , fatty ! ' as she ran . her doctor told her she was too big to run but she completed a marathon . now through her website , the fat girl 's guide to running , she 's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of their size and ability .
the danish monarch was joined for the balcony appearance by her son and heir , crown prince frederik , his wife crown princess mary and their four children . waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared , watched by members of other european royal dynasties .
yingying dou , 30 , reportedly ran the mymaster website which charged up to $ 1000 per assignment . the university of sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the website . but internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating . ms dou has denied knowing anything about the website which has now been taken down .
one in five chinese restaurants believed to be serving shark fin soup . loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant . jason chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth . more than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins , often dying slow .
grandfather peter mutty was caught with two cartons of beer , one box of white wine and one white wine in his car on august 31 last year . the 57-year-old was ordered to serve jail time according to the islamic calendar and received 28 of the 75 lashes he was sentenced to have . mutty has been unable to leave saudi arabia or work as he has been banned from travelling out of the country without any explanation .
jeff richmond , who is an executive producer and music composer on his wife 's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt , described the death of fredric brandt , 65 , on sunday as ` very sad ' . it came as sources close to brandt said the doctor , who suffered from depression , told people magazine he was ` definitely hurt ' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the netflix show . brandt was found hanged in the garage of his miami mansion
dale and debra krein of rogue river filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant tibetan mastiffs . the kreins claimed their lives have been plagued by the noise since the defendants , john updegraff and karen szewc , started breeding dogs in 2002 . the jury ruled in favor of the disgruntled oregonians , ordering for the canines to be debarked within 60 days .
emily thornberry has come out against david cameron 's pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes . but eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost # 1million . tories said miss thornberry , who lost her frontbench job after tweeting a sneering picture of a house covered in england flags and with a white van outside , opposed .
harold wilson went to the home of bbc director general sir hugh greene . he was seeking to oust the conservative prime minister alec douglas home . mr wilson thought the planned repeat of the sit-com starring harry h corbett and wilfrid brambell would hit them badly .
izzat ibrahim al-douri , 72 , headed the naqshbandi order insurgent group . he was one of saddam 's most trusted henchmen , helping to lead his 1968 bloodless coup . both his and saddam came from the same tikriti tribal background .
emmanuel sithole was left bleeding to death in a gutter in alexandra township near johannesburg . a doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself . his cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from a mobile phone found in his pocket .
wonga 's revenues fell by nearly # 100million last year to a total of # 217.2 million . chairman andy haste says company might ditch controversial brand in bid to repair company 's reputation . wonga wrote off the debts of 300,000 customers last year , it was announced today .
tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the iss . it would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in earth orbit . the system would have a range of 62 miles -lrb- 100km -rrb- and could target things less than 0.4 inches in size . the laser , meanwhile , use bundles of optical fibres to produce powerful laser pulses - capable of both high power and high frequency , although exact figures were not given .
almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their facebook accounts because they no longer see it as ` cool ' . trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures . facebook has even started running television adverts to entice the so-called ` silver surfers ' to join .
just 15 per cent of people at university say they plan to vote green . proportion of students who dislike her has doubled since september . nick clegg reneged on his promise to scrap tuition fees saw supporters desert him in their droves . labour has been the main beneficiary , with 35 per cent now saying they will vote for ed miliband , although this has fallen from 46 per cent in february .
bobby brown was performing at the verizon theatre in dallas on saturday night when he told the stunned audience that ` bobbi is awake ' . the 46-year-old singer did n't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit . his sister tina posted on facebook that bobbi woke up and is no longer on life support .
david cameron to unveil analysis to show labour and snp are ` really on thre same side ' . pm will show that since miliband became labour leader , the snp has trooped through the lobbies with his mps in 91.5 per cent of commons divisions . snp backed labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on the economy .
joel burger , 24 , and ashley king , 23 , went through high school together but did n't start dating until they were about to part ways for college . they even revealed they plan to serve drinks in burger king cups , with each guest 's name on the side - if the international eatery will let them .
former leg spinner richie benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer . the 84-year-old cricket commentator turned cricket commentating into an art form , earning him the title of ` the voice of cricket ' . his commentary was understated , measured and often extremely funny , and his one-liners were perfectly timed .
professor paul whiteley of the university of essex said : ' i do n't see another coalition lasting five years ' . other experts also warned that a ` messy and unstable ' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power even if the conservatives won more seats or a greater share of the vote .
up to 29g of sugar per serving -- about seven teaspoons ' worth . its apricot bread pudding has slightly more sugar than a snickers bar , which has 27g . two other dishes , banana and sultana bread and butter pudding , and banana muffins , contain 25g per serving .
jannik andersen , a student at the university of colorado , was hit by the train in the 45000 block of pacific street in indio , police said on monday . he was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later . andersen was on the train tracks instead of at the music festival .
kendall and baylee are one in a million with black skin and the other is white . father curtis martin and mother rebecca horton were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics . their skin contrast is possible because the girls are non-identical .
a set of wheels broke off the boeing 737 moments after it touched down at the airport , near derby , causing the cargo plane to skid along the runway for 380ft . it happened as the plane delivered 10 tonnes of freight , including dangerous goods , on an air contractors flight that originated in athens . the plane 's captain and co-pilot escaped injury , and there were no passengers on board when the left main landing gear detached .
alex bellini will live atop an iceberg in greenland starting next year . he will live inside a contained ball , with no means to escape for 12 months . the capsule will be 10ft -lrb- three metres -rrb- wide and could fit 10 people . mr bellini has rowed both the atlantic and pacific and insists he favours challenges where there is a perceived lack of control .
former staff sgt. charlie linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter -lrb- 29,035-foot -rrb- summit next month . he was hit by another explosive device and seriously wounded , and two years later had his right leg amputated below the knee . he retired from service and has been climbing
snp 's nicola sturgeon , ukip 's nigel farage , green 's natalie bennett and plaid cymru 's leanne wood go head-to-head in bbc debate . voters left wondering why david cameron was not taking part .
more than 300,000 people had to be evacuated after three of fukushima 's six reactors blew up following the 2011 nuclear disaster . the photographs were captured as part of the robot 's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors . a second robot mission scheduled for monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction .
waheed ahmed , 21 , accused of trying to sneak into syria with eight of his relatives and was arrested when he landed in the uk earlier this week . six people - a 21-year-old man arrested at birmingham airport , two women and two men aged between 22 and 47 held at manchester airport . waheed was deported by turkish authorities and flown back to britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers on april 14 .
the list of do n'ts runs to several dozen items . the taxpayer-funded temporary assistance for needy families program currently provides cash payments of up to $ 497 per month for a family of four . the new restrictions , regarding kansas applicants , have inspired national criticism and mockery from the daily show .
the 34-year-old reality star 's 352-page collection of selfies wo n't be officially available to the masses until may . in addition to bearing the selfie queen 's signature , the special versions , which retailed for $ 60 per book , also came complete with a bikini-clad image of the star .
police charged 34-year-old paul johnson-yarosevich of acton , maine , on monday with prohibited use of computer . the investigation started in december after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact . authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man .
carlos boente , 33 , was serving time at hmp birmingham for similar harassment type offences when he began contacting the woman in november 2013 . after getting her number from a cellmate , he bombarded the 19-year-old with thousands of texts and calls - telling her he had no family and nobody visited him in prison . incredibly , he even sent three men to the home of the woman 's aunt and uncle , before boasting on facebook the gang were his ` soldiers
danielle davies gave birth to harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour . she had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby . newborn harley from morecambe , lancs , weighs 11lb 5oz , and already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months .
oratilwe hlongwane , from johannesburg , south africa , is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop . his capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear him . his mother , refiloe marumo , credits his astounding success on the decks to his then unborn son .
former deputy pm said he can not see a problem with the future king writing to government ministers and insisted he had ' a lot to offer this country ' . letters were penned between september 2004 and march 2005 and sent by the prince to seven government departments . lord prescott , whose letters are separate to those due to be released , said that while he is ` not a raving loyalist ' he makes his own decisions .
michelle , 27 , shows off summer tan and enviable curves in new campaign imagery . says her beauty regime is fairly minimal and treats herself to facial every other week to rehydrate her skin . has been hard at work in design studio to bring fans exactly what they want for the warmer months .
an elephant never forgets appears to be true , based on a touching video showing an asian elephant returning to her mother after years apart . after a 62-mile -lrb- 100km -rrb- trek through the thai jungle , me-bai , the small elephant can be seen nuzzling her mother , mae yui . the pair joyfully flap their ears and caress each other with their trunks in the elephant nature park sanctuary , in the north of the
reports of child sex abuse cases have soared since operation yewtree sparked by jimmy savile 's assaulting of dozens of children . despite a surge in reports , the number of arrests fell by nine per cent . among the forces to see the largest rise in reported cases was south yorkshire where there was a 577 per cent increase over the last five years .
caron wyn jones underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in bridgend . he paid because the welsh nhs could not perform the operation soon enough . mr miliband unveiled his general election manifesto for the nhs . said his son has ` kept the private sector out of the -lrb- welsh -rrb- nhs ' .
angelina santini from san diego , california , filmed her son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day . the comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor . he then stops to look at the camera before starting his bouncing stunt again .
work at the dome of the rock was simply meant to replace carpet , worn away by thousands of pilgrims at the gold-topped shrine , which overlooks old jerusalem . but when the old carpet was lifted , it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs - which could point to where the ark of the covenant was buried 2,500 years ago .
shayanna jenkins , 25 , sobbed and hugged the killer 's mom in the massachusetts court on wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for aaron hernandez . the ex-nfl star was sentenced to life with no chance of release . the once-close sisters , who shared an apartment in their native bristol , connecticut , have not spoken since it became clear that she had a role in lloyd 's brutal death .
patricia ebel , 49 , was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool on friday when she crashed her luxury black bmw 5-series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in naples , florida . ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by collier county sheriff 's deputies . she is facing dui charges including driving with a .15 - or-great
rhodri giggs , 37 , found guilty of driving a mercedes c200 without insurance . he was forced to hand over his licence having already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences . giggs was asked whether he would like to pursue an ` exceptional hardship ' application in an attempt to retain his licence .
faith myers , 14 , from nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still high from the procedure 's anesthesia . footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat , with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread . the teen 's mood then takes a more sinister turn as she declares that she will ` bring out a shotgun ' if any boys come into her yard .
the televised debate between democratic candidates came to a crashing halt on tuesday night . lynne abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into the hour-long debate . senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .
elijah overcomer , 26 , left gloriavale , a town of about 500 on new zealand 's west coast , with his wife , rosanna , 29 , and their children in late march 2013 . shortly following their departure , the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village by m. night shyamalan . they even make their own scare tactics to scare people from going outside the wee village , they said .
robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans even though his lawyers say he wants to go to los angeles as soon as possible to face a murder charge there . a grand jury charged durst with possession of a firearm by a felon , and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug : 5 ounces of marijuana . durst 's arrest related to those charges has kept him from being extradited to la , where he 's charged
linda hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $ 3.5 million a year after she divorced the wwe hall of famer in 2009 . called villa di montagna , the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated wood ranch golf & country club community . after buying the property , linda threw herself into remodeling the 6,300 sq ft house by adding stone walls , stone fireplaces , carved wood details and coff
two senior advisers said on saturday that hillary clinton 's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class . until now , the former first lady has offered only hints of what would drive her if she were to run a second time for the white house . the advisers said clinton will argue that voters have a similar choice in 2016 .
alex impey is a father-of-two who says he is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness . the medicinal marijuana broken down into the oil used by chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill users . parents of children with serious illnesses are being taught how to grow their own marijuana crops , such as this one . some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $ 80 to $ 150 per gram .
a recent cyber-attack on the state department was reportedly carried out by high-level russian hackers who also penetrated restricted parts of the white house computer system , such as the president 's private schedule . us officials briefed on the months-long investigation conducted by the fbi and secret service , that the hackers were able to access real-time , non-public schedule of president obama , which is regarded as highly sensitive information that is sought after by foreign intelligence agencies . in october 2014 ,
marathon season is in full swing with the london marathon set to take place a week on sunday . femail writer and marathon runner lucy waterlow tested out # 130 adidas ultra boost trainers against aldi 's budget # 19.99 pair . the shoes you run in are important to prevent injuries and ensure you have a comfortable and enjoyable experience .
gareth edwards revealed a glimpse of the first star wars spin-off rogue one at the stars wars celebration in anaheim , california . at the same time , the iconic franchise 's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline saying : ' a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans ' .
the tiger of mysore , tipu sultan , fought in india in 1799 . troops plundered the city and the palace , returning to britain with gold , jewellery , arms , armour , clothing and even tipu 's grand throne . this month , a collection of the historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at london auction house bonhams .
couple convicted of noise pollution and harassment for ` raucous screams ' . neighbours described wails of passion as ` deafening ' and said it kept them awake . couple , in their 30s , have been ordered to pay # 9,000 in damages to their neighbours who now live elsewhere .
scott waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from nasa 's mercury project . the image was taken as part of project mercury which was the us ' first mission to put men in space . scientists say radical claims such as this are a case of pareidolia , which tricks the brain into seeing familiar objects in random places .
michael buckley , 60 , from forest hill , south east london , died after being hit by a shopping trolley as he bought festive groceries at marks & spencer . he is said to have become frustrated because the food aisles were gridlocked by christmas shoppers . mr buckley fell to the floor in the m&s aisle and broke his thighbone and wrist .
the 4th district court of appeal in san diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family 's lawsuit trying to block the encinitas union school district from teaching yoga as an alternative to traditional gym classes . the lawsuit brought by stephen and jennifer sedlock and their two children claimed the school district 's yoga classes promoted hinduism and inhibited christianity . the court upheld the previous ruling in a 3-0 opinion .
leslie cooper , 36 , arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . abdul hadi arwani , who was killed in wembley two weeks ago , was an imam . a man and a woman were arrested this week on terror offences . a jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with murder .
sisters sophie morgan , 21 , and sheree , 25 , allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money after victims were conned out of over # 36,000 . couple , a man aged 86 , and his wife from cardiff , south wales , were contacted by a man pretending to be a metropolitan police detective sergeant . he urged the elderly couple they needed to transfer their money into various accounts ` for their own security ' .
jemma peacock , 31 , suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer . she is currently taking three drugs to prolong her life . the third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the nhs around # 1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service 's approved list of treatments .
pet cats are being snatched off the streets and killed in their ten of thousands across asia . restaurants serving domestic cats are springing up across northern vietnam despite laws against eating the animals . at one restaurant -- an hour 's drive from hanoi -- the owner told mailonline demand is so high he 'd slaughtered 31 cats already that day just to keep up .
violet pietrok , who lives in portland , oregon , was born with frontonasal dysplasia , a congenital malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb . it is so rare only 100 cases have been reported . plastic surgeon-in-chief dr. john meara made about five different models from the time of violet 's first birthday to leading up to her surgery .
the no man 's fort is one of three guarding the entrance to the solent , just off the coast of the isle of wight . with four floors packed with a variety of entertaining facilities , it 's a unique location that 's sure to leave guests with unforgettable memories . the sea fort is located 2km out at sea , meaning guests have to make an exciting entrance by helicopter or by boat .
gallup-healthways well-being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low . when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured , peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013 . marking a shift in the trend , for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9 per cent . whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for president barack obama 's health care law ,
` boomerang generation ' are placing parents under financial pressure by living at home even in their twenties and thirties . debt organisations have warned that parents should not be afraid to ask their children for rent and money towards household bills . only 42 per cent charge their children rent -- with many admitting they feel too guilty and uncomfortable to ask .
suzy lamplugh trust , a london-based charity , aims to ` make society a safer place ' . the t-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women . they are sold in us and uk stores including zazzle , look human and north shore shirts .
the whales , which are in fact a species of dolphin , were found washed up along a 6-mile -lrb- 10km -rrb- stretch of the pacific coast of hokato . the fears appeared to be based on the appearance of 50 melon-headed whales six days before the devastating undersea earthquake in 2011 . however , experts have dismissed the claims as being ` unscientific ' .
jeremy trentelman , 36 , of ogden , utah , built a giant box fort for his three-year-old son and daughter in his front yard . the father , who works as a florist arranging intricate displays , was greeted with a letter from code enforcement city officials one day later saying that his creation must be scrapped . the family said it will leave the box fort , which includes a slide and trampoline , up for 14 days , the maximum allowed before
the fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets in downtown orlando . britney e. montenegro , 20 , was charged with disorderly conduct in orlando , florida , early saturday after getting involved in a fight . she was handcuffed and taken away .
the average australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin , feeding an army of dust mites into our couches and beds . the odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms . they live for three to four months and feed off animal and human dead skin .
tony degrafreed , 50 , of indianapolis , has been charged with murder . he allegedly beat to death wife rebecca , 47 , at their home on july 20 , 2014 . rebecca died from blunt and sharp force traumatic injures to the head and neck , according to an autopsy report .
ed miliband will claim ` not one policy ' in it would be funded through additional government borrowing . he will insist a labour government would ` cut the deficit every year ' . party says this would be ` the basis for all our plans because it is by securing our national finances that we are able to secure the family finances ' .
scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane -- a gas which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide . serpentinisation occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the seafloor . instead , they say similar formations could someday be used to store methane , that can later be used as fuel .
martina levato and her german boyfriend alexander boettcher ` planned to throw corrosive liquid ' at men she had previously been linked to , court heard . the 23-year-old , who was reportedly a student at milan 's private bocconi university , also tried to castrate a man 's genitals while in his car in may 2014 . the couple was detained on suspicion of throwing acid on the face and body of her ex-boyfriend pietro barb
gavin munro grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds , pruning and guiding the branches into shape . he 's currently tending a crop of 400 tables , chairs and lampshades which he hopes to harvest next year . mr munro believes the technique could one day be used to create sustainable and ecologically-sound furniture .
squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence ahead of a hearing next month . the squatters are linked to the occupy london movement that caused chaos in london when they set up camp outside st paul 's cathedral in 2011 .
workers underneath six-storey structure fled for their lives after the fifth , fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building . incident is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through holborn on april 1 bringing parts of central london to a standstill . one worker suffered head injuries and a broken arm and was treated by colleagues trained in first aid until an ambulance arrived .
rochelle coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition linked to obesity . 21-year-old put on 13 stone in four years by eating through ` boredom ' . she has not worked for five years because she says she would be a ` danger ' . pressure group the taxpayers ' alliance has warned that the benefit system should not become a ` comfort blanket ' and that people should ` get themselves in shape ' to work .
michelle woods , 44 , was told by her daughter elisha mann that ` something was moving ' in the bath . when the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there , that 's when they came face to face with the reptile . mrs woods believes it may belong to the property 's previous tenant .
lisa webb was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers - dishes she was used to eating in fancy restaurants with her husband . but when offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter 's lunch breaks for one week , she witnessed tots using ` grown-up knives and forks ' and eating everything put in front of them . in her native canada , children would sit on the floor in the gym
nancy dell ` olio , josie gibson , jamelia and susanna reid have all stepped up to the plate for good morning britain 's initiative , which launched today . women take an average of six selfies before posting one online and men take four , such is the pressure to look their very best on social media .
attorneys for two sides agree that in april 1995 , a 24-year-old man who had been pointed out by a southern california college student as her rapist had his truck rear-ended before he was kidnapped , brutally beaten and killed . where they differ is on the role of gianni van in the murder of gonzalo ramirez , whose blindfolded , bloodied body was found on the side of a road . at the opening of his trial wednesday , prosecutors
unidentified man was gored during a bullrunning celebration in teulada . he was trying to make it to the safety behind a set of iron bars . and despite his desperate efforts to climb back up , the bull appeared to hit him right in the bottom with one of its horns . pictures show him crawling desperately towards the safety of the bull bars .
a national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 australian families which revealed four in five families use technology to deal with bored children . almost 20 per cent of nsw families use a more extreme technique , admitting they have used sedatives like the antihistamine phenergan to knock their kids out so their journey will be more pleasant . the medical community claim the sedative should not be used on children younger than two years old as side effects like respiratory depression can be fatal .
volvo teamed up with a swedish start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists , called life paint . the paint contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car 's headlights , alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark . some of these are now on sale on ebay for # 45 -lrb- $ 66 -rrb- at the time of writing .
a family on new york 's long island were even able to keep a snowman alive until this weekend , when their frosty finally melted in 70-degree temperatures . but before the snowman withered away , he became somewhat of an internet celebrity , with more than 3,000 people liking the page the family dedicated to their carrot-nosed friend on facebook .
the 42-year-old mother-of-two , who founded popular lifestyle wesbite goop , posted a picture of her $ 29 grocery shop on her twitter account yesterday afternoon . ` this is what families on snap -lrb- i.e. food stamps -rrb- have to live on for a week , ' she wrote alongside the image .
sadie the springer spaniel called sadie and a black and white spaniel . getting the tune underway , sadie begins barking and then rests her muzzle on sky 's ear as if whispering something . following the husky 's lead , the two dogs are musically bouncing off one another .
marion ` suge ' knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges . the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in january , killing one and seriously injuring the other . the judge also reduced bail from $ 25 million to $ 10 million .
university of manchester researchers have revealed an hd dark matter map . it shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky . the goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years . red here shows more dark matter , and blue shows less . the moon is shown top left for scale . and the map was released today at the april meeting of the american physical society in baltimore , maryland .
mailonline caught up with the world 's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in miami , new york , marbella and monaco to name but a few cities before indulging in their nightlife . their message to the ` haters ' remains exactly the same : ` keep watching and enjoying there is more to come ' .
the pilot and passengers in first class heard screaming and banging from beneath the aircraft . the pilot immediately returned to seattle-tacoma international and declared an emergency for priority landing . the cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized , so he was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen .
international monetary fund predicts uk economy will grow by 2.7 % this year . tories buoyed by news that inflation remains at zero per cent , with food and fuel prices down sharply year on year . david cameron warned growth in the uk could be put at risk if tories are not returned to power .
chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about how massive cash boost would be paid for . he said it would come from conservatives ' ` balanced plan ' for economy . but mr osborne declined to go into further detail about where it come from . home secretary theresa may said new rules would end welfare tourism .
charlotte carr and helen padarin have spoken out in defence of pete evans ' controversial infant cookbook . the cookbook was supposed to be released last month completely by pan macmillan over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth . the pair did address the controversial ` happy tummy brew ' recipe which attracted criticism for it 's ingredients .
craig stoner , 24 , darren smalley , 35 , joshua finbow , 23 , and simon radford , 31 , each charged with one count of sexual assault . alleged incident at military base in shearwater , near halifax , nova scotia .
david atherton , 65 , was just about to put his meal in the cooker . he caught sight of the black and white california king snake hiding inside . rspca officers came to collect the snake the same evening and it has been given a temporary home with a local conservationist since .
sharmeena begum , 15 , was raised by her uncle shamim miah . he encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at bethnal green academy in tower hamlets . he blames the airport authorities , police and her school for letting sharmeena flee the country last december , flying from gatwick to turkey before crossing the border to syria .
judy murray , 55 , has carved out her own star status after appearing on strictly come dancing last year . she also said she would be a ` very active granny ' and in the same way she coached her sons , she already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis . her words come only a few days after her son and his bride wed at dunblane cathedral .
met office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for april , may and june of this year in its long-range forecast . but winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north wales today , and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern england . met office has a severe wind warning in place until 5pm today for north . england and derby up to northallerton from derby up .
replica of an 18th century french navy frigate l'hermione set sail on its maiden voyage to the united states on saturday . lafayette crossed the atlantic on the original hermione in 1780 to tell his friend george washington , commander of the american insurgents against british imperial rule . france was sending a strong military force to help them . the replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the french river charente to the military ship
julie falconer is a lady in london and the mastermind behind both a beautiful instagram account and her namesake travel blog . the travel and lifestyle site showcases the english capital in all of its glory , while adventure photographer joe greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes .
metropolitan police are assessing footage which appears to show fans singing a homophobic chant about ashley cole . the video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the green man pub in wembley ahead of arsenal 's fa cup semi-final win over reading . cole left arsenal to join london rivals chelsea in 2006 .
tasmania police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement about 5.30 am on sunday . a message placed on the site contained a statement supporting isis , also known as islamic state or is . airport management has disabled the site and customers are advised to visit airline websites for flight information .
paula mckay was told her daughter natasha had suffered brain damage . when she became pregnant with her second child less than two years later , she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated . when patrick was delivered at the same hospital , the same errors were made , leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled like his older sister . she has won a 20-year legal battle to secure # 13 million compensation .
scientists at the hebrew university of jerusalem in israel studied the cephlopods movement . they found that the orientation of the creature 's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain . male octopuses have a long , detachable penis in order to mate with females that are five times bigger than itself . when a female swims by , the male sends his penis off to swim to the female and mate with her .
islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque where they told locals they were there to teach islam . once a crowd had gathered around the men , the jihadis opened fire using handguns and assault rifles . new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters carried out by boko haram in neighbouring chad .
scientists at the university of california , berkeley , found that older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep - but they still need just as much . during deep sleep , brain waves move memories from the hippocampus to the prefrontal cortex at the front of the brain , where long-term memories get overwritten with new ones .
tania watts is likely to see her at becky 's funeral , as ms galsworthy was also stepmother to the 16-year-old . ms watts spoke of the ` hell ' she has endured since the murder , adding : ` i 'm still in the back of my mind not accepting ... that i 've endured since murder ' .
mangu ram was 14 when he fled to kashmir as a refugee . he is now an old man , for the past 70 years he has been denied citizenship rights . but now ram and thousands like him are daring to hope they will finally be able to shed the refugee status that has plagued them for decades .
sarah harper was in a relationship with christopher lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013 . the couple had returned from a trip to australia just two days earlier . harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him , claiming that only a ` miracle ' would have saved the talented sportsman .
niamh geaney , 26 , and karen branigan , 29 , moved to braintree in essex . just last month , retired priest neil richardson , 69 , found her ` twin stranger ' . just so happened to look exactly like john jemison , a 74-year-old former head teacher who was well-known to the town . both had attended the same college , and both became re teachers .
veteran vet nick fisher , 31 , from shropshire , said twiglet was left behaving strangely after swallowing the unidentified substance while on a walk near their home last monday . the four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drug . but after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably , shaking and walking into walls he seemed back to normal .
atlanta-based writer alex gray , 27 , admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits , which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day , but it was n't until an obese friend ` unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette ' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life .
lib dem leader promises to ` spread the burden ' of deficit reduction . he has set out plans for # 5billion in new tax rises , # 12billion in public spending reductions and a # 3 billion cut from welfare . but today he admitted maths had not been his strong point as a youngster . he said : ' i was a bit better at that than i was at maths and science ' .
former pm made an appearance at a low-key private fundraising dinner for 15 labour target seats . but despite the fact that blair has a record of three general election victories , only one shadow cabinet minister could be bothered to attend . dashing shadow business secretary is being mentored by lord mandelson , the former blairite cabinet minister .
cui hongfang , from heilongjiang province in north-eastern china , hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after she collided with the 38-year-old canadian woman . police have ruled the tragedy an accident , although they are still investigating the circumstances of the woman 's death .
six-month-old foal was dumped on the side of a busy road outside southampton . rescuers called him rupert , a teddy bear name for a bear temperament . despite what he has endured , it seems heartless beyond belief that anyone could leave such a vulnerable creature to die .
naomi jacobs had transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory . the last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl , dreaming about a boy she had had a crush on .
the philippines voiced alarm about chinese ` aggressiveness ' in the area as it launched giant war games with the united states involving 11,500 personnel . previous satellite images revealed that china has made rapid progress in building an airstrip suitable for military use on the contested fiery cross reef . by march this year , it had been transformed into an artificial island .
sarah , 23 , was devastated to find out the man she 's known as her father for 23 years is not her biological parent . the presenter revealed phil , who appeared with her on the itv show , was not in fact her real father . sarah 's mother dropped the bombshell that phil may not be related to her last year .
actor 's enduring sex appeal may have been boosted by his aftershave , eau sauvage , which contained a potent chemical known as hedione . now scientists have revealed how this chemical activates the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women . hedione - derived from the greek word ` hedone ' , for fun , pleasure , lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent .
elizabeth jane howard amassed a spectacular collection of greek , egyptian and roman jewellery during her lifetime . now the collection is to go under the hammer at bonhams auction house in london on thursday , with auctioneers saying they expect the exquisite pieces to fetch up to # 20,000 .
nick woodman , 39 , is set to be named america 's highest-paid ceo of 2014 . the pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units at the end of the year . it won him the top spot on the annual bloomberg pay index .
two adults and four children pictured riding on same motorbike in san miguel de tucuman , argentina . it comes just weeks after a similar pictured emerged of a family of seven riding on the same bike though the city of junin in buenos aires . family 's actions were condemned on social media sites after pictures of the incident appeared online .
justin d. smith , 18 , and 20-year-old efrain diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of jonathan krueger . the men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young ohio native in the early morning hours friday . smith is also charged with tampering with evidence , reports the lexington herald-leader .
photo was captured in kanagawa prefecture , japan - ` nearby some samurai tombs ' , apparently - late last year . reddit user who posted it online suggested they could be samurai boots - although others are not so sure . he then suggested they appeared to be ` samurai boots to me ' .
melanie and vanessa iris roy decided they wanted to start a famiy and each carried a child one year apart . they took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies recording when their first child , a son jax , was born followed by their daughter ero . the couple then uploaded the images to instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation .
kevin o'connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter , crystal , to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law . the law , which has since been revised , sparked a boycott of indiana . a crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $ 842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours .
barcelona-based booking platform byhours allows users to organise stays of three , six and 12 hours . it has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board . company 's objective is to acquire more hotels in london during the next few months , and then start to work in other cities such as berlin and paris .
john helinski , 62 , spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of tampa bay . he then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter , but struggled because all of his personal identification had been stolen . a cop and a case manager then looked into his past , and were able to retrieve his social security number and his driver 's licence .
philip cattan , 65 , from cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of john quingley at manchester crown court last summer . a retrial had to be ordered and with the child having to give evidence for a second time , the judge was confronted with the claim that he had slept through part of the cross-examination of the witness .
alice dreger attended east lansing high school , in michigan , when she sat in on a lesson earlier this week . her son asked her to sit in on it so she could hear what was going on first hand . the author began furiously tweeting out the contents of the lesson - which was filled with horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex .
michelle knight , who appeared at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday , refuses to be considered a victim . ' i do n't want my heart to be chained to the situations that i went through , ' she told the crowd of 1,200 people . knight was signing copies of her book , finding me : a decade of darkness , a life reclaimed , after the event , when she revealed to readers that she does a boyfriend .
the kardashians are a strong example of a large celebrity family where the siblings share very different personality traits . according to mitchell and brown , first-borns are expected to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious . they also have a stronger sense of responsibility and are generally more mature .
a cloud formation resembling the wi-fi symbol appeared recently in the sky of xiangtan city in hunan province , china . shi chao , a student at the hunan university of science and technology , saw the cloud - which appeared to perfectly mimick the global symbol for wifi - on his way from to the library around 7pm last friday . later the weibo account put out jokes using the photo with lines such as ` technology university now has a giant wifi cloud ' .
a kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other while trying to gain mastery of the box so they could lay eggs and rear their young in safety . despite the owl 's cuddly reputation , it came out the victor , forcing the kestres to seek an alternative home for itself and its mate .
around 10,000 women a year in the uk are affected by the debilitating hyperemesis gravidarum -lrb- hg -rrb- - a severe form of morning sickness . pregnant women with hg more likely to have children with language and speech delays , and attention disorders .
kyliei wilfson , now 29 , was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis at 26 when she first started experiencing agonizing pain . doctors initially brushed off as being due to a mild pancreatic problem which would ` resolve itself ' in a matter of days . within months she had dropped to a startling 80lbs and had to postpone her wedding as she spent more and more time in hospitals .
asabi barner , 37 , is suing harlem tattoo parlor in harlem , new york city for a chest tattoo that left her disfigured and in pain . barner left the shop happy with her ` phenomenal ' new chest tattoo of fruits and vegetables to represent her career in the culinary industry .
veronica ` roni ' gonzalez and her fiance were returning from engagement party when they stopped on interstate 30 to help a group in trouble . of the 13 people injured , one later died in hospital from their wounds . veronica and ely 's sister , who has not been identified , were both killed in the horrific accident which involved eight to ten vehicles .
the cougar , known as p-22 , was found by workers in the crawlspace at midday on monday at noon . he has been living in the hilly los feliz neighborhood for some time and has so far resisted all attempts to get him to move out . despite animal welfare officers using a prod , and even firing tennis balls and bean bags at it - he was still refusing to move .
diane james , ukip 's justice spokesman , praised putin as a ` very strong leader ' . he also applauded mr putin 's nationalist credentials and argued he was forced into invading ukraine because of the european union . mrs james is considered a potential successor of nigel farage .
surveys surveyed personnel found ` major misconceptions ' within special operations about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs . also revealed concerns that department leaders would ` capitulate to political pressure , allowing erosion of training standards ' . about 68,800 people serve in the command , including 3,000 civilians .
filmmakers say they plan to use latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet 's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests . show will focus on the earth 's last wilderness areas and the animals living there , the project 's british producers said wednesday .
pictures taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors . the extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the temple of heaven , where emperors of the ming and qing dynasties held heaven worship ceremonies . the origin of the photos is not known .
rodrigo de freitas lake is set to host the olympic rowing and canoeing events during next year 's games . more than 37 tons of fish have been collected , according to rio 's waste management company . there is still an overwhelming stench coming from the lake and authorities have argued about the cause .
flakka , which can be injected , snorted , swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana , is usually made from the chemical alpha-pvp . that 's the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone , the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts . flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell .
photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public , drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles . some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the stars and stripes - something previously unthinkable in a country where the conservative religious and political leadership still regularly leads chants of ` death to america ' .
andreés iniesta is renting out his vineyard in castilla-la mancha . the world class midfielder took to twitter to spread the news that his charming vineyard can be rented out . the residence is aimed for couples as the bedroom consists of one double bed , an indoor fireplace , wi-fi and parking .
shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window . visitors have travelled from afar to give the dog a snack , pat him on the head or pose for a selfie with him . one of the videos featuring shiba 's customer service skills has more than two million views on youtube .
michelle , 27 , shows off summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals to perfection in the new shoot . the former coronation street star has been chanelling her passion for fashion into lipsy ranges for several seasons . says her ultimate beauty secrets are drinking lots of water and always taking her make-up off before bed .
a young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by bega cheese boss maurice van ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . the wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . the young woman , who can not be named , said when he abused her as a child she did n't know it was against the law . ' i am scared for my future relationships , '
esa 's rosetta spacecraft has captured stunning images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67p churyumov-gerasimenko . the jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface , causing an explosion of material . but it is not clear if this caused the jet - or an explosion caused by ice sublimating - turning from solid to gas .
four-month-old roscoe was caught on camera this week at asheville humane society in north carolina taking some of his first steps . footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes . he was born with a deformity which caused his front to be bent backwards at the knees . however , thanks to more than $ 3,000 in public donations , the canine was able to have the life-changing operation
the street art appears to be a dig at a group of clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the democratic politician . last month , the new york times ' amy chozick brought attention to the efforts made by the group , which goes by the name of ` hrc super volunteers ' . the descriptive terms that clinton 's fan club said it does not want applied to their candidate include ` polarizing , calculating , disingenuous ,
archie brown jr , 2 , struck and killed a 2-year-old boy who ran in front of his van in milwaukee , wisconsin sunday evening . the driver remained at the scene and stayed in his van while police arrived . police say the shooting may have been carried out in revenge for the child 's death .
more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button since reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day . it is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero because no-one can resist clicking it . only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the button , and when they do they are awarded a colour , known as a ` flair ' .
retired lt col richard ` dick ' cole , age 99 , gave the medal to the museum 's director in a ceremony at the museum attended by military and political officials and relatives of the original 80 raiders . the medal , awarded by congress earlier in the week , arrived in a ceremonial b-25 flight . cole was one of the three remaining tokyo doolittle raiders , died after a battle with alzheimer 's disease at the age of 95 .
david potchen , 53 , who robbed a bank in merrillville , indiana , last june , now has a job as a welder and is staying out of trouble after receiving help from family . the man , now 53 , had told a judge earlier this year that he attempted to rob a local chase bank so that he could get placed back in custody . potchen had been making $ 8.29 an hour in prison but had trouble finding a job on his release , according to
helen flanagan , 24 , looked uncharacteristically demure as she stepped out recently in a floral midi dress . some pregnant women will choose comfort over style , realising it 's a time when their bodies are changing drastically . others will continue with their glamorous pre-maternity wardrobes .
robert charles bates , 73 , shot and killed eric courtney harris , 44 , during an undercover operation in tulsa , oklahoma , it has been claimed . harris was being restrained by one of the undercover police officers when bates ran up ` trying to get the situation under control ' and fired one shot .
david king , 70 , from newham , east london , retired to normandy 15 years ago . his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of pierres , south-west of caen , and an unnamed 28-year-old frenchman has been charged with his murder .
group of yobs sung and swore their way from glasgow to alicante . witnesses said the group drank heavily , abused fellow passengers and refused to sit down when the aircraft was landing . all passengers on the jet2 flight had to wait in their seats as the plane waited on the runway while officers dealt with the situation .
dale cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved to a secure psychiatric hospital . the 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell . but in a desperate attempt to get himself moved cregan has apparently stopped eating .
anna broom has not worked since the age of 19 , during which time she has claimed more than # 100,000 in benefits . jobless 33-year-old now wants an extra # 10,000 to fund her dream ` traditional english wedding and party in a castle ' . she wants taxpayer to stump up a further # 2,000 for her honeymoon , where she hopes to jet off to mexico .
anna and indi , owned by zane jones , have been surfing since they were about 10 weeks old . the four-legged surfers use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten off the coast of queensland , australia . the dogs have n't won a competition yet , but their owners are hoping they can top their best result to date .
cyclist ruslan bazarov , 28 , suffered two fractures to his legs and a broken leg when the truck overtook him on the st petersburg ring road . the second cyclist does not have any time to react to his friend 's accident and is knocked to the ground after careering into the stricken bicycle .
almost two thirds of goldfish owners even confess to putting the tank in sight of the tv so their fish can watch it for more than three and a half hours a day . a quarter , 24 per cent , say their pets love watching tv so much they spend an incredible nine hours glued to it every day .
james may backtracked on his comment that top gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to sue perkins should ` kill themselves ' . perkins became a favourite to replace the ousted jeremy clarkson after a flurry of bets . she recently announced she was leaving twitter as a result of the abuse .
a third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in england are overweight or obese , leading to fears that today 's generation will be the first to die at an earlier age than their parents . finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription .
the 13th century castle in the dordogne , france , has just been placed on the market for # 703,400 . the 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land . despite being in the middle of the dudogne valley , the castle is only 15 minutes from the local airport .
homeland security secretary jeh johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from gettysburg , pennsylvania to the lawn of the us capitol . johnson pleaded for calm and resisted calls for sweeping changes . the pilot , florida postal worker doug hughes , was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago .
around 50 obese pupils at jianxin primary school , in zhejiang province , are being sent to special kung fu panda classes . teachers set up the lessons after a survey showed 5 per cent of its 858 students were obese , with one 11-year-old pupil weighing in at 180lbs .
the future king , 32 , became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary paye employee when he became a pilot for east anglian air ambulance . according to kensington palace , he plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby , just like he did when his son , prince george , was born in 2013 .
the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be . a number of flavors were labeled ` healthy ' - brimming with fiber , protein and antioxidants , while being low in fat and sodium . however , upon closer inspection , it was found that ` none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims ' .
the intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the president 's home at 10.25 pm last night . the 8ft-tall fence is due to be replaced in the longer term with a permanent , more secure barrier . last wednesday an illicit gyrocopter was able to land on the west lawn of the us capitol .
reddit moderator , chris ryves , has told of his regrets about the thread . he says he nearly became ` its own beast ' in wake of april 15 bombings . but he has now told of regrets about thread , which he set up after the bombings . he also says he was wrongly identified as the bomber .
labour leader rejected a string of statistics read out by evan davis . mr miliband also refused to say how much labour would be borrowing by the end of the next parliament . the labour leader said it was ` fantasy ' to think britain would get job growth with all the cuts being made in the public sector .
jeremy clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the bbc . the global tour of the motoring show looked like it may face the axe . bbc decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of the latest series of top gear . fans who have already booked tickets will not be disappointed .
asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , and their four children caught on cctv boarding a cross-channel ferry from dover earlier this month . thames valley police believed they arrived in calais , france , before travelling south down through europe in a bid to flee to syria . however , a turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in ankara and are currently in custody .
bmw group 's answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its mini model see pop-up virtual displays for directions and other features . it calls them a ` revolutionary display concept offering enhanced comfort and safety ' . the augmented vision goggles will go on show at the auto shanghai show and generate ` screens ' showing information that only the wearer can see .
neil killham made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination 16 years ago . it features sponge , jam , custard , lamb , peas , onions , whipped cream and is garnished with sprinkles . the 32-year-old software engineer from manchester announced his plans on twitter .
patrick and valerie jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property where they currently reside in jimena de la frontera . the jubbs purchased the bed and breakfast in 2008 and closed it a year ago as they moved forward with plans to sell it . the town hall ruled that the first floor , kitchen and pool were illegally built by previous owners in 1994 .
robert f kennedy jr spoke out against a proposed bill in california which would make childhood immunizations mandatory . the documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among american children . ` they get the shot , that night they have a fever of a hundred and three , they go to sleep , and three months later their brain is gone . this is a holocaust , what this is doing
u.s. envoy mark lippert said in a speech on wednesday that if north korea improves its human rights record , it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world . the north 's committee for the peaceful reunification of korea said washington was intent on hostility .
kym ackerman saw the son of god in an x-ray of her molars when she went for a dental check-up in flagstaff , arizona . the 32-year-old has vowed to keep the special molar and her mouth free of cavities in the future .
the number of allergy sufferers is soaring and almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a potentially fatal reaction . a poll of more than 2,000 adults to mark allergy awareness week reveals that over two thirds would not know how to help if they saw someone suffering an allergic reaction .
tom moffatt , 27 , from ashton-under-lyne , greater manchester , was meant to ink ` riley ' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm . but instead of the letter ` l' , mr moffoffatt started needling the letter p - and had to urgently ` scribble ' over it .
queen letizia , 42 , attended conference for rare childhood diseases . wore white trouser suit with blush-coloured silk top and woven clutch . mother-of-two , who married king felipe of spain in 2004 , was clearly dresses for spring for her visit to the science museum , cosmocaixa .
demetri nelson , 27 , still had his victim 's keys in his pocket when he was arrested tuesday , several hours after the kidnapping attempt . deputies said nelson allegedly broke into a river birch drive home where the victim lives and told her to give him a ride to a manning avenue home . nelson could n't drive the car because of the manual transmission , however , and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape .
hardi ulukaya was once a turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the u.s. food industry . his american-born ex , dr. ayse giray , sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $ 500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality . the settlement came just before manhattan supreme court justice saliann scarpulla was due to rule on whether giray could retroactively be named a shareholder in chobani 's predecessor company
ellie marshall , 10 , and taylor biggin , five , lost their eight-year-old brother harvey last year to a mystery illness . when easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to sheffield children 's hospital where he was cared for . once the family , from furness vale , derbyshire , posted on facebook , kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000 .
sally jones , 45 , ran away from her home in chatham , kent , to wage jihad . she is believed to have set up home in raqqa with her toyboy husband . all-women contingent set up by isis in series of chants expressing fighters ' commitment to jihad . experts say slicky-edited video is first ` real evidence ' which shows jones .
mitzi neyens , 77 , was successfully matched with a philadelphia man after turning to the national kidney registry 's paired exchange program . when she received the kidney march 26 , the operation completed a nationwide chain that linked strangers from san diego to boston who have loved ones in need with a transplant .
the world 's joint third-largest cruise ship , the anthem of the seas , has just arrived in southampton , uk . ahead of its naming ceremony , the mammoth ocean liner will take place on april 20 . passengers with a head for heights will also be able to take a ride in a transparent capsule for amazing ocean views .
alaa abdullah esayed uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year . some of the messages included pictures of dead bodies and encouraging children to arm themselves with weapons . esayed pleaded guilty at the old bailey to encouraging terrorism . she could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences .
a ` blob ' of warm water across is sitting in the pacific ocean . since last june it has extended from alaska to mexico . it could herald a warmer summer for some regions . scientists in california have warned that the region may be experiencing a century-long ` mega-drought ' .
kushner , 32 , is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing . he told jurors that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $ 81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest . kushner testified that the charges were expunged as part of a probationary sentence .
al qaida fighters clashed briefly with members of one of yemen 's largest brigades outside mukalla , a city the militants overran earlier this month . security officials said the leaders of the brigade in charge of protecting the entire area fled . latest advance marks a major gain for al qaida in the arabian peninsula , as the yemeni affiliate is known .
manuel delisle , the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw , has pleaded not guilty to armed assault . karine cyr recorded the confrontation on sunday as she was vacationing with her husband alexandre hermenier and their two children . delisle was arrested on monday following the release of the viral video .
andre cole , 52 , became the third convicted killer put to death this year in missouri . his fate was sealed after the u.s. supreme court turned down several appeals , including one claiming cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution . cole and his wife , terri , were married for 11 years and had two children before divorcing in 1995 .
chinese hospitals are harvesting up to 11,000 organs from political prisoners without anaesthetic every year , according to a new documentary . one former medical student revealed how ` blood was still running ' as he cut through a body while a health worker told how her husband had removed corneas from 2,000 people . members of the falungong group a key target , it is claimed .
amos chapple travelled the world during the 18 months with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone . the structure is the centre of the bahai'i faith in delhi and was designed by an iranian exile .
david king , 70 , and originally from east london , had not been seen for six months in the picturesque hamlet of pierres , south west of caen . he retired there from his job as an engineer in britain some 15 years ago . on october 27 , he went to tea with friends living close to his home and is thought to have got into an argument with one , aged 28 .
winnie harlow , 19 , who suffers from vitiligo , the same rare skin condition that singer michael jackson was diagnosed with , has been pictured enjoying a cozy night on the town with albino fashion star shaun ross . the pair attended a launch event for popular magazine at siren studios in hollywood , california , on tuesday night .
stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the ` relentless ' 24-hour news networks anymore . ' i live in a constant state of depression . i think of us as turd miners . i put on my helmet , i go and mine turds , hopefully i do n't get turd lung disease ' .
the adult whooping cough vaccine will not be available in australia until july . medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies , children and pregnant women . it comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old riley hughes . his mother catherine posted a photo of him wrapped in a blanket in his hospital bed urging people to get themselves immunised .
dr john parker was taken to westmead hospital in sydney 's west for treatment about midday on saturday . the humanitarian doctor had been working at an ebola treatment clinic in sierra leone since november last year . nsw health has confirmed dr parker does not have ebola and that no further testing for the virus is required . the world health organisation estimated more than 10,000 people have died from the deadly virus in guinea , liberia and sierra
ukip leader calls on conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they can not win in order to help keep the tory leader as prime minister . mr farage said he believed many were in ` their hearts ' closer to his position of wanting an eu referendum as soon as possible without any attempted re-negotiation .
becky handley , 20 , was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at birmingham crown court . he sexually assaulted his young victim twice before threatening to kill her mother if details of the abuse emerged . miss handley said her father deserves the death penalty rather than a prison term .
rihanna headed out to eat at a restaurant in santa monica this weekend . the italian eaterie would have probably raised eyebrows at the bajan star 's attire . in 2015 , more and more stars are opting to ditch their lingerie . rita ora and nicole scherzinger both leaving the bra at home .
roger byng , 67 , was in a hide ` with the intention of photographing small british birds , such as bullfinches , long-tailed tits and wrens ' . however , his jaws snap shut a fraction too late to bring down the large bird . mr byng described how the fox came so close to what surely would be a grand catch for an animal that is roughly the same size as its prey .
nathan priestley , 21 , from norwich , was once dubbed ` jabba the hutt ' by bullies . he became so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year . ironically , because he had n't taken enough to defeat his massive frame , he made the decision to stop wallowing in self-pity and turn his life around .
judge olu stevens was sentencing gregory wallace to five years ' probation after he and his accomplice robbed tommy and jordan gray 's louisville home in april 2013 . police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple 's three-year-old before making off with $ 1,100 in cash , a cell phone , wallet and small amount of marijuana . in victim impact statement 's prepared for the sentencing of wallace ,
scientists found that heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental , and ultimately physical , health . stage b is where patients have developed structural heart disease - they may , for example , have had a heart attack that damaged the heart - but do not show symptoms of heart failure .
hillary rodham clinton took aim at republicans on monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the u.s. state department in exchange for speaking fees and donations to her family foundation . ` it is , i think , worth noting that the republicans seem to be talking only about me , ' she told reporters in the liberal new hampshire bastion of keene . ` hopefully we 'll get on to the issues
palaeontologists say the four feet -lrb- 1.2 metres -rrb- tall bird is the most complete skeletons of a ` terror bird ' . it was so well preserved that scientists have been able to study part of the bird 's auditory system and its trachae . they say that while it had a terrifying apperance , its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today .
the pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism . if successful , the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide . microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialisterne . the announcement was made on the company 's official blog by mary ellen smith , corporate vice president of worldwide operations .
the i 'm up alarm can be set to go off the night before and will then turn off by scanning a qr code on a mug or magnet that can be kept in another room . each device is paired with a quick response code , which is a form of barcode which can be printed out and stuck somewhere else in the house . the app developers also say they will be able to print the code onto mugs or magnetic buttons so they can be left in the kitchen to scan while you
harold henthorn was charged with the murder of toni bertolet , 51 , last november and police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife . both women died in ` freak accidents ' to which he was the sole witness . the jack gave way as she reached beneath the vehicle for a lug nut while changing a flat tire at night on an isolated highway near the couple 's colorado home .
three more political parties have backed the mail on sunday 's campaign to add first aid to the curriculum . previously only the liberal democrats had promised to add the crucial lessons to the school curriculum . but last week labour , ukip and the green party added their support as they unveiled their election manifestos .
uno , just three weeks old , and louie , a full-grown dog , were together at home in spokane , washington , earlier this month . the clip begins with one of the pogue family , who recently adopted uno , tentatively holding him before the two pets are introduced .
william smith wanted to remind himself of his mother , alison overton . the 14-year-old from grimsby died in august last year , just four months after seeing his mother succumb to the disease . william 's father said the family had begun recovering from the loss .
more than 120,000 australians signed the petition to remove the offensive slogans in 2014 . wicked pickets , a community action group , decided to take justice into their own hands after the company failed to live up to its promise , painting over slogans they have slammed as misogynistic and violent . the vans also feature cartoon paintings of novelty penises , breasts with the slogan ` random breast testing ' , and sexualised images of men and women .
mario valencia took a rifle from a walmart in tuscon , arizona on february 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left . this after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case , who did as instructed and then notified authorities . when the gun was recovered , after valencia was taken down by officer michael rapiejko , it was discovered the wire was loose , and only wrapped through the gun 's barrel
patsy kensit , 47 , appeared in the magazine 's regular ` queen of everything ' feature . she said the duchess of cambridge would be her ` regal inspiration ' . she has been lauded as a feminist icon for her dedication to children 's charities such as the art room and place2be .
there are now 1.02 million men in the uk who have opted to work reduced hours , compared to 4.58 million women -- who more commonly work part-time to care for children or family . it follows a sharp rise in the number of stay-at-home fathers , with the latest figures showing a 6 per cent annual rise .
john potter , from savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog . he then passed on the image on to the georgia historical society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship 's history even though it was never authenticated . in 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the photograph in an antique frame , he claimed , was ` css ge
two famous wrestlers , balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene , competed in the crunch match dubbed ` le choc ' at demba diop stadium in dakar . after a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun , the burly sene emerged victorious . prior to the showdown , other athletes - dressed in colourful loin cloths - took to the arena for a series of bruising combats .
more than 100,000 people on the coast of the pacific northwest are in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of japan . it calculated that 94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states . also in danger are 486 public venues , 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a ` significant customer presence ' .
sophie , 50 , wife of prince edward , wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large , dark plumes . beatrice , 26 , the elder daughter of the duke of york and sarah ferguson , opted for an unusual blue creation . lady louise windsor , the countess ' 11-year-old daughter , made up the four royal ladies .
police have identified 25 people who claim the labour peer attacked them and each could claim for up to # 100,000 . one man , allegedly attacked by janner when he was living in a children 's homes between 1981 and 1988 , has already instructed lawyers to sue him and leicestershire county council for damages .
qantas have been told they could be fined # 20,000 -lsb- $ au38 ,336 -rsb- for each non-compliance of our slot time . captain martin gardiner reportedly said changes in flight times in the last 12 months had ` placed some additional stress on our network and turn-around times ' .
bryan morseman , 29 , from bath , new york , started his streak at the montgomery marathon in alabama on march 14 . he ran the tobacco road marathon in cary , north carolina , the next morning because it was one the way home to new y york . a week later he placed first at the yeungling shamrock marathon in virginia beach . in total , the full-time precious metal clerk earned $ 5,750 in winnings from the races
former prime minister says he has ` done british ' and is more interested in working at a ` global level ' . mr blair spoke about his multi-million pound earnings in an interview with newsweek magazine . he earns millions of pounds a year from consultancy roles and charges fees of # 250,000 for public speaking .
cairns man decided to give cannabis oil to his daughter who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma . despite his claims that it improved her condition , the father , who can not be named for legal reasons , was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor . now he has spoken out in the hope that he can persuade the government to rethink their cannabis laws and drop the charges against him .
shae-lee shackleford , 28 , lana kington , 25 , madison lloyd , 27 , are quickly capitalising on their success , booking appearances on the ellen show and good morning america this week . the trio were interviewed by ellen de generes on tuesday .
the obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $ 160,000 in itemized deductions , including $ 70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities . altogether , they donated nearly 15 percent of their income . obama received $ 51,167 from random house and $ 43,722 from goderich literary management .
melissa borg left her baulkham hills home in north-west sydney at 7:30 am on thursday in her school uniform . the year 9 student never made it to class and after her father found no sign of her when he searched their house , he reported his daughter missing to police . castle hill police have been assisting melissa 's family with the investigation into her disappearance ever since .
alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics . she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships . since appearing on the infamous cover she has graced the pages of countless glossies in her homeland .
researchers at john hopkins medical school in baltimore identified the area of the brain that is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic . stroke patients with damage in the sagittal stratum were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences . but it turns out that it can also be a great motivator .
marine le pen , 86 , has accused her father jean-marie of trying to sabotage her party 's efforts to move into the political mainstream . tensions had escalated last week after the founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history ' .
ted loveday has powered gonville and caius college to victory in university challenge . he managed to answer 10 starter questions in the last round of the bbc quiz show . viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess - but the law student has now admitted he had help from some unlikely sources .
the newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs . eyeko london 's bespoke mascara comes in dozens of brush shapes . the mascaras , containing natural ingredients like conditioning shea butter and hydrating keratin , are created on site and then wrapped in monogrammed packaging .
eason chow , 25 , from singapore , believes his innovative product could be the solution - and found inspiration from sugar-coated sweets dispensed from gumball machines . it involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar to create a revolutionary capsule with no waste created whatsoever .
comedian ricky gervais posted picture of rebecca francis lying next to a dead giraffe and smiling . francis , a grandmother-of-nine , is passionate about hunting - and regularly posts pictures of her kills on his twitter feed . 14,543 people retweeted it - with some even tweeting they hoped she dies ' a lonely , painful death ' .
ventura county prosecutors dropped their case against jane laut in the 2009 killing of her husband david laut . it came after a judge denied for the third time a request to delay trial . laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after he killed their 10-year-old son and their dogs .
senators voted 19-0 to give the white house some of , but not all of its asks , and left in a signature feature of the bill giving congress the authority to approve a final deal with iran . it now goes to the full senate , where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers .
airbus a321 from baku , azerbaijan to london was forced to return to where it had set out from only 11 minutes after a 9.20 pm local time departure on friday evening . there were three diversions in just over 24 hours of ba planes over the weekend .
candice-marie fox underwent surgery to remove tumours from her neck that september and she then underwent a course of radiation treatment to ` mop up ' the cancer . but when a return visit to the doctors revealed cancer cells had spread to other parts of her body , ms fox rejected further conventional medical treatment in favour of a diet and lifestyle plan .
cressida bonas , 26 , unveiled as mulberry 's new ambassador . poses in old courthouse in clerkenwell , london . dated prince harry for two years until last april when they broke up . has been focussing on acting and modelling career since april 2013 .
the sapling was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson , missouri . it was called ' a symbol of peace , comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches ' at a small ceremony led by the black caucus of the american library association . by sunday morning , the branches had been stripped , leaving just a shard of the trunk .
claire nugent , 43 , and nigel morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years . they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b&b . it had been used as accommodation or a grain store since the war so needed a lot of work .
millie-belle diamond is the proud owner of louis vuitton and chanel purses . her mother schye fox started posting cute photos of her online . the mum , from warriewood , northern sydney , originally set up an instagram account when she was two months old so that their family could see her grow .
the city of contrasting art and architecture has as many buildings on the unesco world heritage list as barcelona . it 's a glittering 44-storey skyscraper of glass and steel , towering over the beaches and port olimpic as well as the nearby old fishermen . andrea catherwood stayed at the iconic hotel arts , a modern masterpiece of the city .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named elliot with kisses . footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands . but the baby boy does n't seem to mind the affectionate slobbering and he 's heard merrily gurgling away .
david zaslav was compensated $ 156.1 million for his role as ceo of discovery communications it was revealed on friday . this amount makes him one of the highest paid television executives . this thanks to shows like honey boo boo and his running of networks like oprah winfrey 's own . discovery has also done well thanks to the success of television events like shark week .
little catalina from america was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cupboards at home . but when her father tells her to clean up her mess , she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing . the two point back and forth at each other as the debate continues .
nikki kelly started to feel cramps in her stomach and believed she might be getting her period . but when she made a dash for the bathroom , the 24-year-old was shocked to find she was in fact going into the early stages of labour . miss kelly kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy and had no cravings .
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life . the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn was also destroyed . both of them were left homeless by the waves and clung to a tree for safety
the cocaine , valued by the coast guard at $ 424 million , was seized by u.s. and canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern pacific ocean near central and south america . it included a 10 1/2 - ton bust from a coastal freighter , the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009 .
a 29-year-old california man tore a tendon in his thumb after playing candy crush on his phone for weeks . he tore the tendon , an injury which is normally quite painful , but reported he felt nothing at all . doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb people 's pain and this might be why some people become addicted or become injured while playing .
adriana giogiosa , 55 , was reported missing after her brother could not contact her at the house in majadahonda , a suburb of madrid . the landlord of the house , a 32-year-old spanish man with a history of psychological problems , has been arrested in connection with her disappearance .
sevdet besim , from melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' . he is one of two 18-year-old men arrested for allegedly planning an ` isis inspired ' attack on anzac day ceremony . the duo were ` associates ' of abdul numan haider , who was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife .
marie d'argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma , whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at the princeton complex on st kilda road in melbourne dropped suddenly on october 9 . the 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a ` loss of libido ' , ` sexual discomfort and impairment ' and ` curtailment of sexual adventurism ' . the building owners ' corporation and elevator service , thyssenkrupp elevator austral
the hole appeared recently after locals noticed the ground nearby getting warmer . the heat blasting from the ` ring of fire ' has been measured at 792c -lrb- 1457f -rrb- from two metres away . experts ca n't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is .
the thief posed as a member of the congregation of st james ' church in the gorton area of manchester to carry out the crime . as well as taking one bag , he tried to steal the contents of two other elderly women 's bags before fleeing . police have released an e-fit image of the suspected offender .
in december 5 , the limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg . the effect of the drop in sales is so severe it is being blamed for a poor result in the country 's latest bank of scotland pmi report . publicans are now concerned the new laws will have a greater effect on bars and drinking establishments than the 2006 smoking ban .
research by kayak.com.au has revealed that most aussies are planning to travel abroad between may and august . seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in europe . australians do n't seem bothered by the cost of their trip , as long as it means they can stay away from the cold .
kevin cooper and trewen kevern allegedly beat david alderson and left him to drown , before using his keys to steal # 40,000 from a safe where he also kept a haul of guns . police originally thought that the 72-year-old victim had died as a result of falling from his bike , because he was dressed in lycra at the time . but truro crown court heard that kevern , 22 and cooper , 34 - whose relatives were close to mr
alinea , run by the talented grant achatz has been voted the best restaurant in the world for a fourth year running . the eatery is chicago 's only three-michelin-starred restaurant . the top 10 featured four american restaurants which are all in new york .
america celebrated the coming of age of a new sporting hero on sunday when jordan spieth , 21 , showed true grace under pressure to win the masters . as a junior at jesuit high school in dallas , the pga golfer wrote the letter to the murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition . in the thank you note , spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program , reports the dallas morning news .
paul bramley , 28 , died when andreas lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside , killing all 150 people on board . girlfriend anneli tiirik , 23 , said she did not blame the co-pilot , 27 , who had hidden a sick note on the day of the crash .
david cameron will call the tories ` the party of working people ' . he will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3 million families in housing association properties to buy their home . subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen at her workplace leeton high school in leeton , 550km west of sydney , at 11am on easter sunday . she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this saturday . ms scott 's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter , as they fear her disappearance has something to do with ` her car or foul play ' .
kenya has bombed two al-shabaab camps in somalia in the first major military response to last week 's attack by the militant group . air force jets blitzed compounds in gondodowe and ismail , both in the gedo region bordering kenya on sunday , a kenyan defence forces source said . cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll .
man walked into hospital in dongguan , guangdong province , on april 9 . he had been brought in by police the night before and was carrying a knife . when he sat down with her , he reassured her : ` do n't worry , i am not going to harm you ' .
peachtree city police chief william mccollom called 911 early new year 's day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife , margaret . the shooting left margaret paralyzed below the waist . the prosecutor said he concluded the shooting could have been prevented . he resigned from the chief 's job in march .
many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster . femail called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make and to share their vital tips for ensuring you 're getting the most from your skincare regime . do n't only use spf on holiday . even when there is n't a ray of sunshine in the sky , your skin is still at harm .
barbie is the 96th image to come up on google images when you enter the search term ` ceo ' . ironically comes from a 2005 spoof article courtesy of the onion that jokingly states ` women do n't run companies ' . several high-powered women , including women 's right campaigner chelsea clinton , have re-tweeted the results of the search .
curt almond , 26 , from bristol , spent at least # 40 a week buying new calvin klein boxers so he could slip into a new ` crisp pair ' every day . but after wiping out most of his savings , mr almond realised that it was ` bankruptcy or boxers ' - and that he needed to wean himself off his addiction .
royston coates , who is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding , boasted about watching tv from prison and showed off his muscles in a string of pictures . he also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons . it is the second such incident to emerge within two days after a murderer was caught drinking prison hooch in a video he shared online .
` kick and kill ' strategy aims to eradicate the virus , by stimulating the immune system - the body 's natural defence mechanism - with a vaccine . researchers believe the injection could flush out dormant hiv hiding in white blood cells with a chemical ` kick ' , allowing a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells .
sandra malcolm 's body was found at her home in cape town , south africa . the 74-year-old 's attackers had mutilated her - although police have yet to confirm this . mrs malcolm had been planning to return to scotland next month to visit family .
labour leader visited the gurdwara -- a sikh temple -- during a campaign tour of the midlands on wednesday . but his team banned national media journalists from the event despite the fact that gurdwaras are traditionally open to all . worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of the labour leader .
new analysis of finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods . but it has slipped down international rankings tables as the new liberal techniques became more widespread . findings will add weight to arguments by michael gove that a return to traditional teacher-led lessons are the way to raise standards in schools .
justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california . he was charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online . but following interviews , his charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' . on sunday he posted a message on facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be ` left out of this ' and was adamant there was more to ` that ' video than meets the eye .
horrific images being shared by terror group on social media and show victim lying in a pool of blood with his severed head resting on his back . one of those distributing the sickening pictures is a man claiming to be a british militant fighting for the terror group who goes by the nom de guerre abu bakr al-britani .
woman will forever associate one of the happiest days of her life with burgers and fries . the man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside a mcdonald 's restaurant where she works . many women would probably beg their beau to move a more scenic location before getting the ring out .
ballyfin is the grandest hotel in ireland , with only 20 rooms on its 614 acre estate . set at the foot of the slieve bloom mountains , the five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool . couple were seen travelled by mercedes to the hotel during their first holiday as a married couple last may .
prime minister is n't the only politician who elicits funny reactions from kids . ed balls fails to impress a young girl and her doll as they play make-believe . nick clegg is just trying to be one of the kids - but he does n't quite fit in . gordon brown looms rather scarily over a baby as she plays with toys .
a new study shows that a quarter of australians have opted for solo living and 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men . julie sweet has lived alone in clovelly for five years and has never been happier . she is currently a psychotherapist for adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse with a degree in psychotherapy .
riddick bowe , of maryland , has found himself tweeting happy birthday messages and adverts for insurance firms for anyone who pays him $ 20 . the 46-year-old recently offered to ` tweet anything ' for people who credit him through paypal , sharing the messages with his 450,000 followers .
fraser ross caught up in $ 1million legal wrangle after being accused of swearing at staff in a los angeles store . the multi-millionaire is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore at workers at the lax outlet . instead , another business called hudson pays kitson a licensing fee to use the brand .
hannah mcwhirter , 21 , engaged in the ménage a trois with co-worker dionne clark and her husband shaun in july 2013 . she even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself . but when mr clark told the john lewis department store worker 's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped .
martina riccioni and her best friend antoinettia caffero were involved in a head-on collision when the car they were in veered into oncoming traffic as they drove home from margaret river . they have started a crowdfunding appeal on ` go fund me ' to raise up to $ 20,000 to transport her body home . the transportation of her body could cost as much as $ 13,000 .
keith anthony allen , 27 , of columbus pleaded not guilty monday to charges including rape , felonious assault and gross sexual imposition . he remains jailed with no bond , and court records listed no attorney for him . allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since september and fondling a third girl .
john young , 66 , and wife elaine , 54 , were sat in front room of their home . thugs began pelting his front door to remonstrate with stones . mr young suffered an open wound to his forehead and a serious injury to his left eye . doctors were unable to save his eyesight meaning he is now blind in one eye . police have launched an investigation but said there appears to be no motive .
russian warship and two other russian ships strayed close to uk territory . it forced the uk to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels . just hours later , two russian long-range bear bombers hugged british airspace . sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to ` snoop ' on a huge nato war games exercise taking place in scotland .
witnesses reported seeing the front wheel of her bike ` completely squashed ' . incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year . cycle campaigners have organised a ` vigil and die-in ' at the site . westminster city council spokesman said : ` we are shocked and saddened ' .
two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects . the robshaws sample insects in tonight 's final episode of bbc two 's back for dinner . the experiment , filmed for a six-part tv programme , ended with the family feeling extremely grateful for the variety of foods available today .
the north charleston police officer ca n't be executed for shooting walter scott in the back because the killing did not include a list of narrowly-defined ` aggravating circumstances ' . it came as evidence against slager continues to mount , the latest of which is dash cam footage of him discharging a taser into a black man 's back filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit . the video shows slager weighing in on an arrest in progress , announcing that he 's going
maarij khan and his mother mushammat are set to be removed from their home in newcastle after the home office turned down their bid to remain in the uk . now 3,500 people have signed a petition to allow them to stay in britain , where maarij 's 10-year-old brother saffat is buried . maarij died of meningitis last month , after his fight against an aggressive form of cancer and several rounds of chemotherapy left his immune system
dating from 1250 , the black book of carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in welsh . using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software , the images were recovered . the book is a collection of 9th-12th century poetry along both religious and secular lines , and draws on the traditions of the welsh folk-heroes and legends of the dark ages .
police in manchester have issued a warning to parents over the game . the child is believed to have had underlying health problems and is expected to make a full recovery . the ` sleeper ' prank involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child until they black out from lack of oxygen .
london estate agents were invited to value a house in a viral video . installed with secret cameras , microphones and booby traps , the unsuspecting estate agents are subject to cruel , but hilarious , pranks . once the scene is set , the funny pranks begin , and a shelf collapses randomly behind the estate agents .
the violent conflict was captured by queensland police helicopter , polair . police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm . members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight . the centre had originally been informed that approximately 30 people were attending an 18th birthday party of a woman who was not a part of the local serbian community .
donald sterling , 80 , had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $ 1.8 million house , luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades . shelly sterling said on wednesday she did n't take them to court ` for justice ' . she also said she and her husband never separated .
the bunny baker cafe in manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth for guests at no extra cost . graphic artist zach yonzon uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces . his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer which he dips in dark chocolate .
scientists from the university of wollongong are designing ultra-durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all . the contraceptive is made with hydrogel , a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue . the design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication , topical drug delivery , and even electric conductivity .
officials from 215 local , state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons , drugs and cash at the addresses . at least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape , murder and sexual assault . most were u.s. citizens but 199 foreign nationals were also arrested in south and central america , asia , europe and the caribbean .
the list price of bentleys ranges from # 136,250 to # 224,700 , yet the manufacturer and porsche finished bottom of a 38-strong table judged on reliability . the most reliable was honda , with suzuki second and toyota in third place while chevrolet and mazda were joint fourth .
jackson byrnes , 18 , has flown from lismore in northern new south wales to sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo . for the past week jackson 's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $ 80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront by tuesday night . on monday morning they reached the target on their gofundme page , but jackson was told he had a stage four brain tumour that
jack henry doshay , 22 , appeared in court for the first time on friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping , false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty . noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect 's parents , karen and glenn . glenn is a minority owner of the san diego padres and a former investment manager who focuses on charitable causes with his wife .
samantha ghadie and boyfriend sylvain longchambon visited coronation street . they stayed at the site of the world trade center to see the monument to those who died . the couple said the suite had a separate lounge area and it came in really handy because during our stay , lots of people came back to our room for a glass of bubbly .
raghunandan yandamuri , 29 , of king of prussia , is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder but says he would rather be executed immediately . he was convicted in the grisly stabbing death of satayrathi venna , 61 -lrb- 10 months -rrb- and the suffocation death of her grandchild saanvi , 61 . the indian national was given two death sentences in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old sa
bob manyang , one , his four-year-old sister hanger and her twin brother madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at st andrew 's church in werribee . their mother akon guode and father joseph tito manyang sat in the church 's front row , alongside older sister awel , 5 , who survived the horrifying crash on april 8 . sudanese afl footballer majak daw arrived at the church
the famous tiger temple has been forced to shut due to keeping the animals without permits . wat pa luangta bua yanasampanno has been told that their 147 tigers must be handed over to the department of national parks , wildlife and plant conservation by friday . the news will no doubt please animal rights activists who have been campaigning against the mistreatment of the big cats at the sanctuary .
dave roberts followed in his great-great-uncle daniel mcallister 's footsteps by leaping off the transporter bridge over the river tees . but instead of falling to his death like his relative did more than 100 years ago , mr roberberts survived the jump which he carried out for a children 's charity .
ian harris , 51 , from brighton , east sussex , is a member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster whose followers believe the pasta strainer as a religious garment . he is challenging the dvla over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo , which he says is equivalent to muslim women being pictured in hijabs .
experts suggest around 1,000 ios apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from afnetworking . this includes uber , microsoft 's onedrive and movies by flixster . the flaw was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers simone bovi and mauro gentile . it specifically applies to version 2.5.1 of afnetnetworking , and figures suggest the source code library features on around 100,000 apps in total .
the 40-year-old television presenter recently revealed her then boyfriend jerry o'connell ` flirted with and felt up ' rebecca romijn at a party over a decade ago . photos from that party reveal a loved up couple just moments before giuliana rancic became a woman scorned .
foodie fidos will be treated to a five-course drink-paired set menu . menu was devised by event organiser natty mason who worked with whole foods chef emily stevenson to devise the menus . meals will be served for one weekend only at london 's latest eatery .
a water main break in new york city caused evening commute hysteria wednesday as a surge of brown water poured into a west village subway tunnel . the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45 pm at 13th street and seventh avenue in manhattan . the main break also forced utility workers to shut off steam service to some businesses in the area and a major hospital .
dr. fredric brandt was discovered hanged inside his coconut grove home by his friend , john joseph hupert , at around 9.15 am on easter sunday . the last time he said he had seen brandt alive was around 11.30 pm on saturday . brandt had descended into severe suicidal depression only very recently .
carlos toro , 66 , worked as a mid-level member of the medellin cartel in the 1980s when a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from colombia fearing for his life . toro came to the united states and eventually began working for the dea as an informant after providing information about his former bosses and associates . he was told he would be rewarded with us citizenship .
ted koran , 59 , phoned the veterans suicide hotline but all he got was a recorded message . he said he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time and the only reason he decided not to kill himself on saturday was to care for the 60 rescue animals he and his wife had looked after together . today it has 52 operators fielding up to 1,000 phone calls a day , but the service is at breaking point .
rebecca adlington has been swimming since september 2014 . the 26-year-old has lost 21lbs after appearing in itv 's i 'm a celebrity ! get me out of here in december 2013 . she says she ca n't wait to ` feel myself again ' after her daughter is born .
the sutherland shire council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations . among these locations are cronulla beach and wanda beach , both in southern sydney , as it was found that due to a shortage of accommodation . many locals have already had a negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets .
christine carriage , 67 , was handed a six-month suspended sentence . police found 1,337 items of clothing , shoes and handbags valued at # 5,620 . officers found cash , drug paraphernalia and at least an eighth of a kilo of cocaine . carriage admitted acquiring , using or possessing criminal property .
farhina touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous taliban strongholds offering free vaccines to parents . taliban declared the vaccine to be a ` bio-weapon ' that would actually make children sick , and waged violent attacks against those found to be supplying it . mother-of-three is the subject of channel 4 's unreported world .
new jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child 's mother . on nov. 11 , 2014 , the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in farmingdale , new jersey . now , more than five months later , authorities have released the sketch along with photos of evidence as they continue to investigate . the baby , who was named 'em ma grace '
father-of-one szilveszter , 24 , feared he would never be able to have more children . injected petroleum jelly into his penis as he wanted to make it bigger . instead it became so swollen and inflammed , he was unable to have sex . nine months later his penis was swollen , painful and bleeding .
tori hester , 25 , from san diego , california , was diving in cabo pulmo when the huge school of trevally fish began circling above her . husband jeff , 26 , was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera . in 1995 , a marine park was established by residents to tackle the problem of overfishing .
mailonline travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world 's most budget-busting cities . manhattan may be known for its luxurious accommodations and expensive hotel offerings , but it is possible to visit the big apple and stick to a budget . a stroll through times square wo n't cost you anything - as long as you can avoid the temptation to shop .
sean crawford , from carterton , new zealand , said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy . he said he can understand why some people find his work a bit ungodly , but in his opinion there is nothing worse than ` art that does n't affect you at all ' .
the image was captured over jaibru in australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon ` looping lightning ' . upwards lightning is very rare - estimates suggest less than one per cent of lightning strikes travelling in an ` upwards ' direction . storm chaser dan robinson believes ` looped lightning ' is simply a trick of perspective , based on where the viewer is stood .
etan patz disappeared in 1979 while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children 's movement . pedro hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades . the defense says the admissions are made up , the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low iq .
the louisiana-raised singer is scheduled to raise money with a hartford , connecticut show on july 17 for the sandy hook promise group . anti-gun control commenters have said that mcgraw , 47 , risks losing his career the same way female country trio the dixie chicks never bounced back from criticizing president george w bush . the conservator pro-gun blog bearing arms published a piece saying that mcginraw 's fan base ` overwhelmingly supports gun rights and views a
caitlin kellie-jones suffered from hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy -lrb- hie -rrb- . condition occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood . to control the condition caitlin was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth to keep her at the target temperature of 33.5 degrees for 72 hours . it allows the brain to cool down and minimises the damage from the lack of oxygen . parents nicola
the men , who were taking part in a royal navy ice-hockey team tour of nova scotia , allegedly attacked a 21-year-old local woman . the assault was reported to police by the woman immediately afterwards . the men were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault .
brooke geherman , from alberta , canada , posted a video of her son , kowen , sending off his beloved pet the right way : by flushing it down the toilet . the young boy cradles his deceased goldfish , top , and holds a toilet funeral .
54 per cent of women say one of the best things about being single is getting to go home and go straight to bed without being bothered . but for men , the best perk is the ` variety of sexual partners ' lonely lads . more than half of the population claim finding ` the one ' is their biggest priority in life .
hadas -lrb- not her real name -rrb- had ` the cut ' in eritrea , where circumcision for girls is widely practiced , when she was just a few months old . she said if a girl is not cut , she will grow up to be a `` slut '' - a girl who thinks about sex and will not be satisfied by one man .
video taken in the forecourt of the sunoco gas station on north 5th street in philadelphia shows five people , including two children , storming out of a minivan . one of the group takes out mace as the man is brought to the ground . they then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless .
david lammy said the snp could ` do business with ' in the event of another hung parliament . admission comes amid increasingly stark warnings from the tories . polls suggest nicola sturgeon 's party are on course to win up to 50 seats on may 7 -- wiping out any hopes of a labour majority .
the biggest ice cover on north america 's great lakes in decades is backing up important shipping deliveries with 18 freighters currently wedged in the ice . they are carrying a variety of goods from canadian grain to us iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks . the ships desperately need a path cut through the lake by canadian and us ice breakers , which have been hampered by the extreme conditions .
alborz destroyer and bushehr support vessel sailed from bandar abbas to the gulf of aden today . comes as saudi arabia continues to lead bombing campaign to oust the iran-allied houthi movement which has taken most of yemen and forced president abd-rabbu mansour hadi to flee to riyadh .
yassir ali , 29 , of no-fixed-abode , was stopped by traffic police in birmingham at 3.45 pm on february 22 . officers suspected the silver bmw 1 series may have been stolen . camera footage shows the car pull over to the wrong side of the road and a man get out of the passenger seat .
jonathan crombie died on wednesday night in new york after suffering a brain hemorrhage . the actor is best known for his role as gilbert blythe in the canadian television drama film anne of green gables and two sequels . he was discovered at 17 when he was performing in a high-school production of the wizard of oz , according to e!a .
boy was on holiday in burnham-on-sea with his family from manchester . coastguard used a hovercraft to reach the boy , with two members of its mud rescue team enlisted to pull him out to safety . he was unhurt in the incident , and was seen leaving the beach smiling .
tamara pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old georgina bagnall-oakley . she took daughter-in-law monika brzezinska , 34 , on visits to help her translate . fraudsters were eventually caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale of the house to fellow conman benjamin khoury .
the nephew of president john f kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations . on monday , he publicly retracted his statement , following a storm of criticism , he said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families .
a new york city woman , who is not being named , watched in terror as a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop , digital camera and some jewelry from her apartment . unfortunately for the thief , the entire thing was caught on camera . the woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police .
the 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to lord uxbridge . it was presented to the aristocrat for his heroics in the battle of waterloo . his leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a tourist attraction . the top has a finely embossed coat of arms with a similar border .
crystal o'connor , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding . she then responded to the now staggering $ 850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying ; ` god has blessed us for standing up for what we believe , and not denying him ' . she has closed her store , but said she will reopen again .
in 1992 , a drug enforcement agency operation which has since been discontinued , monitored every telephone call made from the united states to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking . usa today uncovered the details of the program , whose vastness was not known until now , and whose practices , especially in gathering bulk information , later became a model for the national security agency . this is also now the oldest known example of the american government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens
michelle heale of tom 's river , new jersey , claimed she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce in august 2012 . but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards , killing the boy . she now faces 30 years in prison after a jury found her guilty of aggravated manslaughter and child endangerment .
harry weinsten was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper as he stepped outside his new york city townhouse on thursday . wife georgina chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming spring/summer 2016 bridal collection for her fashion brand marchesa . chapman even had a little helper joining her in the design room - the couple 's son dashiell .
supermodel , 24 , was british vogue 's february 2015 cover star . used to feel ` physically sick ' looking in the mirror when she was being bullied . now she walks for the likes of balmain , fashion for relief and topshop . has defied bullies ' expectations by becoming a household name .
football 's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with tempero and brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online . balotelli was on the end of 8,000 messages , with arsenal 's danny welbeck receiving 1,700 . in each case , at least 50 per cent of the abuse was racist .
the body of the ten-year-old was found on saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scout troop - about ten feet from the river 's edge in brooklyn center . crystal police chief stephanie revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy 's father , pierre collins , 33 , was in that area at the time the boy disappeared . however , she did not elaborate on the nature of that evidence . barway 's . father ,
abbey road studios hosted the world 's first live global broadcast - from none other than the beatles - in 1967 . despite receiving around 500,000 visitors a year , mostly to walk the famous crossing , the studio doors have been shut to those not recording ever since 1931 . the result is inside abbey road , a new web app that takes users on an interactive , immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of the inner workings . the app shows sound engineers and producers working as they look into studio 1
alison saunders was a barrister in the same chambers as son of lord janner . crown prosecution service confirmed that director of public prosecutions consulted neil moore . senior police officers probing allegations of child abuse offences against the labour peer have reportedly raised concerns about mr moore 's involvement .
david rylance , 47 , stole more than # 50,000 from his dying mother . he was in charge of an appointee account set up at lloyds bank , which held his mother 's cash after her alzheimer 's diagnosis in 2009 . but in reality her son had been slowly siphoning the money away , spending it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs .
faiz ikramulla , 35 , was arrested and charged on thursday with aggravated kidnapping . the little girl is believed to be named aliya . he 's jailed in van buren county , michigan , pending extradition proceedings . both of the girl 's parents were initially under investigation .
judy eddingfield , 65 , celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead 's restaurant in kansas city last week and declares that it 's the only job she 's ever had or ever wanted . for most of her life her mother started working at the restaurant where she was trained by her mother who had already been employed for 13 years .
the sprawling house , built on the site of an old telephone exchange in chelsea , west london , has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in england and wales . but the stamp duty alone , paid on top of the price of the home , is enough for the treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses .
lib dem leader 's wife miriam said the party 's mps ` deserve ' to be re-elected in may after putting the country above their party for five years ` at great personal cost ' . she hit the campaign trail on her own today as mr clegg said she ` just wanted to do her bit ' for the party .
the 13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill and had told classmates of his plans as recent as last week . the teenager reportedly walked into the school armed with a machete and crossbow around 9.15 am this morning , killing a male teacher and injuring two students and two teachers .
royal dutch shell plc said it . has filed a complaint in alaska seeking an order to remove greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil rig . in the pacific ocean bound for the arctic on monday in a protest against arctic drilling . the environmental group said in a statement its team would . occupy the underside of the main deck of the polar pioneer , which is under contract to shell , and plans to unfurl a banner . with the names of millions of people opposed to
the national park service and the secret service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes , angled away from the white house . the new spikes , officially known as ` pencil protrusions , ' will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence is planned .
encounters with common dolphins off the west of scotland have more than doubled over a decade , according to a leading research body . monitoring by hebridean whale and dolphin trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years . the dolphins come to the hebrides in spring to take advantage of seasonal food stocks , travelling in large groups and sometimes forming ` super-pods ' of thousands of individuals .
the letter was spotted by twitter user plattsieplatts who posted it to her social media account writing : ` so this is the notice i saw today in the window of our local fish and chip shop . i kid thee not ' . the note , which was written on two a4 pieces of paper and stuck to the window , was circulated on twitter this week .
researchers have shown that passive smoking affects plants too , which can take up nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke . nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the european union in 2009 because of its toxicity . but a surprisingly large number of food crops and plant-derived products still contain very high levels of nicotine .
daniel filmus , argentina 's secretary of state for the islands , told an event in london that britain 's decision to increase military spending in the south atlantic was ` gunboat diplomacy ' . mr filmus said military conflict ` belongs to the past ' .
in colorado , at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil -- nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013 . washington 's legal marijuana law in 2012 did not permit the production of hash or even edibles at home ; it technically remains a felony even to use weed purchased at a state-licensed store to make brownies .
hattie gladwell was fitted with an ostomy bag after under-going surgery for ulcerative colitis . the 19-year-old was admitted to hospital on january 26th of this year although she had long suffered from problems with her health after an inflammatory bowel condition was misdiagnosed . after two failed colonoscopies , my appendix out and excruciating pain , i finally had emergency surgery for my stoma .
the rare animal has been making waves at the taiji whale museum in southern japan , where it draws vast and fascinated crowds . while bottlenose dolphins are typically grey , the mammal is completely white -- apart from the quirky tendency to turn pink when it 's feeling emotional . the phenomenon results from the animals thin skin , which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state .
charliscraftykitchen has turned her popular youtube channel into youtube 's largest food channel in less than three years . the eight-year-old girl from australia makes an estimated $ 127,000 -lrb- aud $ 163,893 -rrb- per month from the ad revenue generated from her popular channel . the tutorials even have their own short tutorials for making everything from minnie mouse pops out of oreos to princess teacup cookies .
andreas lubitz , 27 , crashed the airbus a320 passenger jet into the alps . german prosecutors believe he may have added a chemical to captain patrick sodenheimer 's coffee to remove him from the flight deck . the safety systems were introduced following the 9/11 attacks .
xie hong feng was found dead after falling down five floors through a lift shaft . her three-year-old son has been accused of pushing her by the property 's manager - but there is no cctv evidence of the accident . her neighbour and property manager yang shao told police the 45-year old had been pushed by her son .
sophie falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the kardashians began instagramming it . the mother-of-two says she discovered the benefits while interviewing hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago . she also swore by corset-like waist trainers for getting back her pre-baby figure .
the former baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the maricopa county jail on wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet . arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $ 200,000 per year .
lucy , the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found , still has a few secrets to reveal . discovered in 1974 , the 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in ethiopia . despite being uncovered 40 years ago , lucy is still being studied to learn more about our ancestors .
the modular robotic vehicle , or mrv , was developed at nasa 's johnson space center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets . on earth , it also has some neat tricks - from the ability to park sideways to being able to spin on the spot , as well as being driven remotely at up to 70mph .
the small creatures are easily blown to the shores of oregon , california and washington during strong winds this time of year . experts say there are more than usual this year thanks to a blue sail on the tops of their bodies . they are also known as ` by-the-wind sailors ' or ` purple sails ' .
janet brown was found naked , gagged with packing tape with her arms cuffed behind her back at the foot of the stairs of her family home in radnage , buckinghamshire . daughters roxanne , 38 , and zara , 43 , described their hother as a ` kind and loving nurse ' claiming the horror of the crime ` stays with us every day ' .
system will be able to spot and track drones , then shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser . navy hopes the system will provide an affordable alternative to traditional firepower to keep enemy unmanned aerial vehicles -lrb- uavs -rrb- from tracking and targeting marines on the ground .
matthew weathers , a teacher at biola university in california , put in a great deal of planning to pull off a lesson that would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room . acting inconspicuously , mr weathers announces to his class that if they have any trouble with some of the things he has gone over in the lesson , they can look up the answers in one of his many helpful videos .
susan pease gadoua says a renewable marriage contract would work better for many modern day couples and avoid increasing divorces . she claims the traditional marriage model in our modern-day culture ` sets up too many people for failure ' . mrs pease : ` we have learner 's permits for driving , we have probationary or modifiable contracts in many other business negotiations ' .
the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california . a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area . the drama unfurled on sunday night when the canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to drake 's gig .
freddo frog has shrunk from 15g to 12g . the miniature chocolate amphibians weighed a plump 20g two years ago . the shrinking of one of australia 's most popular children 's chocolates was not widely announced but was spotted by a shop owner who stocks the treats .
miley cyrus posed for a social media snap ahead of the 30th annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on saturday in cleveland , ohio . savvy social media users noticed that the 22-year-old , who is known and loved for her controversial sartorial choices , had given her razor a night off .
jamie silvonek , 14 , was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . her boyfriend , 20-year-old caleb barnes , is charged with homicide . the teen 's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of philadelphia .
staff attorneys at the u.s. justice department 's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block comcast corps . $ 45.2 billion proposal to merge with time warner cable inc. , bloomberg business reports . attorneys investigating the proposal are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers and they may submit their review against the merger as early as next week .
the national rifle association gathered on saturday to condemn obama and hillary clinton as ` elitists ' who will ` dismantle our freedoms and reshape america into an america that you and i will not even recognize ' . in the annual meeting that attracts more than 70,000 people , ceo wayne lapierre celebrated the republican majority in the u.s. senate as evidence of the group 's political clout . but he urged members to stand up against looming gun-control
sasha obama , 14 , was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and the first family hiked at great falls park in virginia on sunday . the white house had sent reporters home for the day , sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where president barack obama had gone .
the medical incident officer joined the team caring for patients at worcestershire royal hospital 's under-pressure a&e department last friday . it came as the west midlands ambulance service demanded action following delays in treatment . it comes as the weekly national figures from nhs england showed it has missed the four-hour waiting time target for the 28th consecutive week .
bookmakers appeared to make light of issue in wake of succession of stories . on the paddy power offers page , read : ` newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american male ' . accompanied by smirking picture of liverpool boss brendan rodgers .
children who experience stressful events such as a death or illness in the family , divorce or separation could be three times more likely to develop type 1 diabetes . swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition . many were among those badly affected by events in their formative years .
saving place , which opens tuesday at the museum of the city of new york , highlights what is widely seen as a watershed moment in the city 's preservation movement . the 1963 demolition of the old beaux arts-style pennsylvania station to make way for madison square garden helped lead to the establishment of a commission that can designate historic places as landmarks and prevent them being demolished .
ann malsbury , 22 , also battered lee judson , 21 , with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage . the chef 's ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship . but when mr judson bent down to pick up something , malsdon jumped on his back and wrapped a white ipod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him .
firefighters were called to the site northeast of greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m. . they are working with ngl energy partners , the company that owns the site , but had to wait for the explosion risk to subside so they could use fire suppression foam to extinguish the fire . the fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank , launching it into the air . the water contained traces of hydrocarbons and petroleum as a result of hydraulic fracturing , which ignited , fox 31
redhead takes the celebrity world by storm , according to copper-locked actor damian lewis . his hair colour is having a moment on screens both big and small . whether their rouge colouring is au naturel or straight out of a packet , we 're loving the fiery-haired stars flying the flag for gingers everywhere .
little zane gbangbola died at home in the middle of the night after being poisoned by gas which authorities claimed was from a faulty pump . for months after his death , police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site . but now the mail on sunday can reveal the damning evidence that proves the authorities have known for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing zane had leaked into the family 's home .
stuart addison was serving on hmas stirling off the coast of western australia when he took his own life . five of the sailors who committed suicide had been serving on the same base over two years . their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths , according to abc 's 7.30 program . mark was left devastated by his loss and was dealt a further blow when navy records revealed his son had tired to
daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend alex. the pair had been driving along a route together where , unbeknownst to daniel , daniel had erected a series of signs along the road . the final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person .
the british formula 1 racer drew criticism from around the world when he aimed the fizz directly as the face of grid girl liu siying . but the shanghai institute of visual art graduate , who was a ` podium girl ' at the chinese grand prix . siying said she did n't think much about the incident and was n't annoyed .
duncan burton , 57 , was released in november 2012 after 14-years behind bars but was allowed to work for uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs . burton was convicted in houston and served time in louisana and georgia before his 2012 release which was commuted because of good behavior .
libby jane wilson was enjoying a day out at the yarrow valley country park in chorley , lancashire on sunday afternoon . she was pounced on by the pet , which bit her face , leaving her with two puncture marks on her face . her father , alex knight , heard his daughter screaming and kicked the dog away from her before the owner called the dog back .
luiz antonio from brazil was presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table . but instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from . his mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses ` little legs chopped ' .
the image was spotted by io9 and the colours were caused as rays of sunlight hit the sand and were reflected off . linear dunes are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles -lrb- 160km -rrb- . they occur on isolated ridges separated by miles of sand , gravel and gravel .
mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel and arrested nine people before they managed to dig under the border . the sophisticated passageway was wired with lights , ventilation and what appears to be a cart system by the gang of drugs runners . the 66ft deep route was still under construction and was being built next to the tijuana checkpoint .
tony abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner . the prime minister came under fire after the incident as anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking . dr robert warned people can forget their limits when they are wrapped up in the act of demonstrating how much , or how quickly , they can drink .
brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to stay with the 96-year-old former prisoner of war . now , the council want to move mr clark from the house he has lived in for the past 50 years into a care home because they claim it is cheaper . they have so far raised # 2,736.22 of the # 5,000 needed .
evelin mezei , 12 , was spotted with the man at around 10.30 pm yesterday . she was last seen by her mother in east london , scotland yard said . but the youngster , who came to the uk six months ago , was traced this morning . detectives had released a cctv image and appealed for information about the man .
shane dunn , 25 , stabbed victim ian garrod , 55 , in the neck after meeting him on the gay dating app grindr . dunn was high on class a mephedrone , then left mr garrod in fear of his life , before fleeing with his victim 's wallet , iphone , ipad and jewellery .
group of 15 men arrested on suspicion of ` multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate ' . last week 12 christians from ghana and nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the mediterranean sea . survivors from the boat , made up of 105 migrants from diverse religions and ethnicities , have now claimed the men tried to throw other christians off the side of the vessel .
ed miliband read from motivational notes during leaders ' debate . his cribsheet prompts him to turn a ` negative ' into a ` positive ' . labour leader urges himself to ` stay calm , never agitated ' and ` relish the chance to show who i am ' . scrawled notes found in his dressing room after itv debate .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on tuesday when he was seen sleeping on a florida beach . he was arrested without incident when volusia county beach patrol officers found the suspect sleeping on the beach , which is a violation of a local ordinance . lane , who had worked at the college for 18 years , is believed to have recently fired him .
jade ruthven , 33 , of perth , western australia , was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter addison on facebook . the author claims the rant was written on behalf of everyone who views jade 's facebook posts .
sarah brady was shot during an assassination attempt on former us president ronald reagan in 1981 . the brady campaign and center to prevent gun violence said they were ` heartbroken ' at the news of her death . mrs brady first got involved in gun control advocacy in 1986 .
jondrew lachaux , 39 , is married to the teenager 's mother 38-year-old kellie phillips . they have six children together while the teen is from another relationship . she allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant , but she did not know , reports the review journal .
four vinceni girls were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother 's sunshine coast home in the middle of the night in 2012 . the girls have established healthy and happy lives in italy and speak to their mum every night . 60 minutes reporter tara brown interviewed the two eldest girls , emily and claire , who she described as elegant , reserved and studious . they expressed their regret for the way they handled the dramatic exit .
tulsa county sheriff 's office falsified the training and firearms records of robert bates , 73 , who shot dead eric harris on april 2 . they allege that bates ' supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours . bates is free on $ 25,000 bail and is charged with second-degree manslaughter for harris ' death .
the inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by noel gallagher . last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after steady growth . in recognition of this trend , the uk 's first official weekly vinyl chart has been established .
kamron taylor was caught in south side , chicago , with a loaded gun on friday night after police received a tip off describing a man with the name ` gertrude ' tattooed to his neck . officers chased taylor three blocks before he was apprehended . he is being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over to the kankakee county sheriff 's office , police said . in february , he shouted at the family , ` i 'm
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists . he had been instructed by a muslim cleric to return to the united states and carry out an act of terrorism . he pleaded not guilty to the charges friday in a columbus federal court .
max verschuuren , 21 , was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on his way to a felled deer in the te urewera forest , north island , on saturday night . his friend mistook him for a deer and shot him in the back with a .270 rifle . the mate who shot him was mortified .
major general james post iii , who was the vice commander of air combat command , found that his words to some 300 airmen may have had a ` chilling effect ' on some of them . the incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying , tank-killer aircraft .
the first print ad , which shows images of various female american apparel employees , has the words ` hello ladies ' emblazoned across the page . the brand also shared images from the campaign on its instagram account for international women 's day with more than 16,000 people liking the photo collage .
bonnie doll is australia 's answer to lara croft in the gaming world . she has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform twitch . the 28-year-old has been able to give up her job working in hospitality . bonnie 's twitch channel has almost one million views so far .
alan barnes , who is partially sighted and just 4ft 6in tall , was left too scared to return to his home in gateshead , tyne and wear earlier this year . the 67-year-old was today handed the keys to his new two-bedroom terrace house where he says he will feel safer .
cameron hooker , 61 , was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap , torture and rape of colleen stan . the case made international headlines and stan was known as ` the girl in the box ' after it was revealed she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during her captivity . despite the high risks involved - it just a few years after the arrest of a serial killer in santa cruz who preyed on young female hitchers
average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to bbc radio . this was 14 % down on a decade earlier , when listeners clocked up 11.6 hours . sources blamed downward trend on people leading faster-paced lives . lord tony hall , bbc director general , highlighted the fall .
footage shows s300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth . small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as weapon makes feeble attempt to launch at military base in unknown part of russia . comes not long after shocking footage emerged of failed rocket launch which killed six russian ballistic missile technicians .
david letterman stunned his late show audience into silence with a joke which has been branded as ` disrespectful to women ' . the veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on monday when he made the off-colour gag . letterman had just opened up questions to the floor and fielded the first query of the night from a college employee .
sylvia freedman was enjoying a family trip away at avoca beach in the central coast , about 95kms north of sydney . she filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out for more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water 's edge . ms freedman and her family were forced to leave the holiday house after their power went out on tuesday .
roman ehrhardt was secretly completing a project , in which he had to violate a societal norm . one of his classmates shared a photo of him grilling bacon on a george foreman during class on monday . the senior communications major was actually completing the project , but that did n't stop his unknowing peers from relishing in his outrageous act .
mikki nicholson , who was a national scrabble champion , stepped in front of a train on november 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse in carlisle , cumbria . the 36-year-old had planned a move to newcastle where she had hoped people would be more accepting . but she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing .
australian dietician and nutritionist susie burrell agrees with the research that points to white bread and heavily processed carbohydrates as contributors for weight gain . she says this is no reason to cut all carbs out completely . carbs are back in the food chain , but doctors are concerned about the increasing trend that 's seeing people cut whole food groups out of their diets .
chase culpepper , 17 , who was born male but now identifies as female , was told to remove her makeup for a driver 's license photo last year . the state dmv is changing its policy on how male and female license applicants may dress or wear makeup in their official photos . agency employees will also get training on how to handle transgender customers and people who do n't identify with either gender .
alex salmond boasted he would write labour 's first budget because the snp would hold the balance of power at westminster after may 7 . the london mayor deployed to inject more passion into the tory campaign , claimed it would mean ` truckfuls of taxpayers ' dosh growling up the m1 .
duchess of cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing , so it 's little surprise that her offspring have the same effect . as kate and william prepare to welcome their second child , there 's no doubt that the royal couple 's favoured childrenswear brands are hoping to cash in on the arrival . indeed , if prince george 's first year - which boosted the economy by # 247m - is anything to go by ,
general martin dempsey , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , sent a letter saying he regretted that he ` added to the grief ' of debbie lee , whose son marc was killed in ramadi on august 2 , 2006 . the 28-year-old , the first navy seal to die in iraq , was fatally wounded while providing covering fire from a building in the heavily-contested city . dempsey had spoken dismissively of the city last week at a briefing when
staff canteen at yoghurt maker yeo valley 's headquarters overlooks blagdon countryside in north somerset . 120 dairy workers can tuck into a fine-dining meal for as little as # 2 - all made from organic and locally sourced food . most of the vegetables and fruit are grown by a community farm five miles away .
the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover , of a dominican woman in her late 30s . she invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in brooklyn . the apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to new york authorities about loud sex .
ermias ghermay and mered medhanie are thought to have made # 72m . one of them , an eritrean , was heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships , a problem that causes them to capsize . reports of the conversations come just days after at least 900 people were feared to have drowned in one of the worst maritime disasters since the end of world war two .
pm and outgoing leader of the commons will launch english manifesto . it follows traditional scottish , welsh and northern irish manifestos . centrepiece will be a pledge to introduce a system of ` english votes for english laws ' -- giving english mps an effective veto over legislation applying only to their constituents .
kristina kunis , 31 , claims she was a classmate of ms kutcher and daughter wyatt , who moved to the u.s. from ukraine in 1991 . karo , now living in los angeles , claims that when ` doggie ' disappeared , she told her ` kristina , you can have any other chicken as a pet , you have a whole chicken farm ' .
madison avery crotty , from san diego , is seen screaming and crying until her doting father decides to try out his impersonation . in a new video posted online , the wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as thomas ` buddy ' starts his deep breathing technique .
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone enjoyed a bottle of wine during their first night at their new apartment in astoria , queens , on last night 's episode of the fyi reality show . the newlyweds later headed to their bedroom leaving viewers to wonder whether they finally ` consummated their marriage ' .
sacha whitehead , 26 , received donations after reading a friend 's facebook status about how the homeless would be suffering through the storm . the dee why-based financial adviser spent the night with her sister lexi handing out waterproof clothes and sleeping bags to the homeless . the sisters delivered the clothes to locations often frequented by the homeless , such as central station tunnel and hyde park , where they found people trying to stay out . whitehead was inundated with offers from people offering donations from
patrick jones of buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign , which saw signs being placed on several streets around new york city . while the women he spoke to called the practice ` disgusting ' and ` uncomfortable , ' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public .
joseph oberhansley , 34 , from jeffersonville , indiana , is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old tammy jo harbin blanton last september . on tuesday , clark county prosecutor jeremy mull asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on may 4 . the motion to change the charges comes after lab results for the victim 's body were returned
fbi agent timothy s. pappa , an fbi agent , claims that xiaoming gao was paid ` thousands of dollars to provide information on u.s. persons and a government employee ' . that information was provided to individuals she thought to be chinese intelligence officers . despite these claims , she was never prosecuted by the government .
elijah mckenna suffered two wide , bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his body . his neighbor 's three dogs attacked him near his grandmother 's home in moore , oklahoma , saturday . but the child 's family say if it were not for elijah 's fearless 9-year-old sister , alyssa , the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead .
amber anderson , 27 , has since been relieved of her duties at christian life academy in baton rouge . she was booked into prison on tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile . anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during july and august of 2013 .
health officials said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the ` winter vomiting bug ' after visiting the hotel in bexhill-on-sea , east sussex . owner james kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff , and has vowed to steam clean the hotel .
alice liveing , from gerrards cross , buckinghamshire , has more than 102,000 followers on instagram thanks to her healthy and delicious looking meals . she has a secret weapon that most food bloggers do n't have - when people are n't obsessing over her recipes , they 're checking out her rock-hard abs .
river 's $ 19.99-a-month app launched in new york on 30 march . following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the ios music chart . while in the uk the situation is worse , with the app ranking at 92 in the music app category , and disappearing from the overall app list entirely .
tracey cox says that gwyneth and chris ' amicable split is refreshing and something we can learn from . the couple are sharing equal custody of their two children and always maintained their first and foremost priority is to make apple and moses happy . the point is to let the children see there are no hard feelings and that you both have their best interests at heart .
abigail ahern described the colours used by kelly wearstler in her malibu beachhouse as ` the most beautiful and complex i 've ever seen ' . the designer says walking into her own colourful home gives her a ` squishy feeling of contentment ' everyday . the inspirational photographs come from homes across the world .
scientists have found a system of priming the body 's immune system to recognise , attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung , skin and bowel tumours . the team which carried out the research found that early trials ` profoundly retarded ' tumour growth in mice . until now most cancer drugs have been designed according to the type of tumour they are attacking .
karen buckley , 24 , went missing on a night out in glasgow on april 16 . judge nigel cadbury suggested she had ` put herself in a vulnerable position ' . friends of miss buckley have said she had only a few drinks before . judge cadbury implied she had been drinking heavily on night of her death .
amanda berry and gina dejesus recalled the years of rapes , torture and psychological games at the hands of ariel castro . the brave survivors have written a book , hope : a memoir of survival in cleveland , which will be released on april 27 . in an excerpt , amanda revealed how her daughter gave her the strength to go on during the harrowing ten-year ordeal .
natalie fuller 's daughter , natalie , 28 , suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis , and died when she stepped in front of a train last month . in the wake of her death , fuller has written about how her illness , which went undiagnosed until her early 20s , led to her death . she said she was ` the bravest person i have ever known ' .
pm made comment as host phillip schofield moved on to next item . he said : ` up next , a man who can pinch your wallet , your watch and even your tie without you noticing ' . mr cameron , who was off camera , could then be heard saying : ` is that alex salmond ? ' .
australian shoppers will no longer be offered second best a season late . myer will be holding a designer sale sure to melt the plastic cards of fashionistas in melbourne , sydney , brisbane and perth . the department store , which stocks top end australian labels including alex perry , toni maticevski , lisa ho as well as international labels balmain , dkny and alexander mcqueen , will see a departure from
judge lila statom has become a viral sensation thanks to her incredible take down of one gang member who dared try to claim an area as ` his hood ' . ` sir , east lake courts is not your hood , it 's the citizens of the united states who own that because they work and pay taxes , you do n't own that , ' statom told o'shae smith . statom said she wanted to show smith he was n't ` in control everywhere '
japanese police and bomb squad called after four-propeller , 50-centimeter wide drone was spotted by member of prime minister 's staff . drone was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing small traces of a radioactive material . not known who flew the drone onto the building but it is widely suspected it was someone protesting against the country 's nuclear policy .
pm 's wife was campaigning with conservative candidate alec shelbrooke . she was introduced to various activities by june perkin , who founded the scheme seven years ago after getting disillusioned by aimless families . mrs cameron said best thing about campaigning was meeting amazing people like june .
courtney brain , 16 , was taken out of school when she visited her gp . but she was stunned upon her return to class in lincolnshire to be told she must make up the missed time for the ` unauthorised absence ' . her mother jane burnham , 50 , criticised ` mind-boggling ' decision .
reading scientists say chewing gum helps you think about it less often . and they were a third less likely to ` hear ' it when chewing gum . the results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts . the study was carried out by scientists at the university of reading . in the research 98 volunteers were played the ` catchy tunes ' play hard by david guetta and payphone by maroon 5 .
mail online travel reveals the best and most bizarre things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport . hunting is a rich part of pennsylvania 's history and the airport states on its website that hunting deer helps to meet its wildlife hazard management goals . too much alcohol will mean you spend the next leg of your journey queuing up for the onboard toilet .
james oatway took chilling images of mozambique national emmanuel sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in alexandra township near johannesburg . he also told how he desperately tried to save the victim by taking him to a nearby medical centre . but in a desperate twist he found it was closed because the foreign-born doctor had failed to turn up for his shift for fear of being attacked .
actor posted on social media that a ` benjamin cole ' of georgia , an ancestor on his mother 's side , was the relative dropped from the pbs show . the admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his family past from finding your roots .
south korean government paid # 2.4 million to makers of avengers : age of ultron . culture ministry agreed to cover third of filming costs in the city . use of public funds in what appears to be extreme case of product placement has been criticised by south koreans . officials are having to wait with the rest of the world to see if the film will lift the country 's reputation out of the shadow .
the anthem of the seas , which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers , will both be based in southampton . it will serve europe and the mediterranean over the summer and allow it to regularly sail from cape liberty cruise port to bermuda , the caribbean , canada and new england .
lian doyle agreed to hide trainers worn by justin robertson when he murdered pennie davis because he had been paid # 1,500 by the son of the victim 's ex-lover . she was today sentenced to 10 months in prison , but was released immediately because she has already spent six months on remand .
three million fake condoms seized by police in shanghai . lubricating oil used on condoms at one production line was so disgusting it made them feel sick , according to people 's daily online online . gang still sold the condoms at the regular price of # 4.20 for a pack of 12 via their own online shop .
mel greig , 33 , married her fiancé steven pollack at byron bay in a small and intimate ceremony on november 20 . but the couple 's efforts to have a baby have been thwarted because she suffers from endometriosis . since then , she has discovered that some women keep their ivf treatment a secret and are embarrassed about it .
will hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as the broke backpacker . the 26-year-old has only once tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency . mr hatton received a stack of money totalling over 1000 bills .
passengers from the cruise ship carnival spirit disembark at sydney 's overseas passenger terminal at around 10am . huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels , shattered plates and cups -- and left many on-board violently seasick . the ship , carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew , has been stranded at sea due to wild weather conditions .
the duke of edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his australian knighthood by the queen . the citation recognises the duke 's long service to the british monarchy and the commonwealth . mr abbott 's announcement on australia day celebrated on january 26 .
kenny hetrick , 72 , is campaigning for his tigers , leopards and bears to be returned after they were seized by the state in january . in total , six tigers , a bear , a lion , a cougar , a black leopard and a liger were taken from his farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were ` unsafe ' . authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man
duchess of cambridge 's real due date is today or tomorrow , it has been revealed . she said that her second child is due ` mid to late april ' during engagement . kate , 33 , was touring stephen lawrence centre in deptford with prince william .
delta air lines plane landed at laguardia airport after an odor of smoke was reported by the crew moments after flight 2522 touched down . passengers were still on board as firefighters walked through the cabin with a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source . the plane was taken out of service for an inspection and any necessary maintenance .
jaimie hessel said her driver had been on his phone , cut across lanes , and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute ` trip from hell ' . she was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs .
marissa holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in channelview , texas , on march 31 . a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter , forcing holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $ 400 . afterwards , holcomb was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job .
director of public prosecutions alison saunders was encouraged by two aides to charge the labour peer with historic sex crimes . both clare montgomery qc and child abuse expert eleanor laws qc offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute . but mrs saunders decided it was not in the public interest to put lord janner in the dock due to his advanced alzheimer 's .
loretta burroughs , 63 , sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband , danny , talked about the horror of losing him and finding out that she chopped up his body and took his remains with her when she moved . danny was arrested in may 2013 after danny 's body parts were found inside the guest bedroom closet of the ventnor home she was moving out of . investigators testified that the containers were each wrapped in nine trash bags , with air fresheners ,
karen reidy , 40 , thought she had found her soulmate when she met sakir candan , 12 years her junior , on holiday in marmaris in 2012 . but the hotel worker 's dream romance turned sour when she discovered on facebook that he had been cheating on her for several months . she booked the holiday to help her through her grief .
the statement nineties chop , made famous by jim carrey 's lloyd christmas in dumb and dumber , has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years . one chain of british barber shops has reported a whopping 200 per cent surge in requests for the almost universally unflattering cut .
the 18-year-old , who is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell gigi , stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the may issue of elle magazine . in one image , the dark-haired beauty poses in a sheer fleur du mal lace bodysuit , with her arms thrown casually above her head .
ann rule , 84 , is known for many of her crime books and eight of those have been turned into movies including ann rule presents : the stranger beside me and small sacrifices . andrew rule , 51 , is accused of forging his mother 's signature on her checks from march 2014 to february 2015 amounting to $ 103,628 . prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from ann rule , and the two sons accused of wrongdoing are set to appear in court on apr
adeen gould , 21 , was told he could not return to sainsbury 's in stoke-on-trent . giant sent him an aggressive letter warning that staff would call the police if they ever catch him trying to enter the supermarket . mr gould later received a pair of letters saying he was banned from all 1,200 stores across the country and had to pay # 150 in compensation .
pauline bruce 's neighbour yvonne ireland evans plagued her with silent calls , taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs . it 's not the quiet and peaceful life pensioners pauline and her late husband tony expected when they moved to a static home on a community park for over-50s in ludlow , shropshire , following tony 's retirement in 2002 . she did n't even show any compassion when t
michelle newman said all she heard was a ` pop ' and looked up to see her son james ' heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in las vegas . the child had fallen out of the window , which had been propped open to let in the breeze , and died from his injuries .
shannon carter , 21 , repeatedly struck 20-year-old amelia gledhill with the shoe . she is said to have been left traumatised by the incident and is still having problems with her eyesight . she has also been left with permanent scarring and is afraid to leave the house alone . carter was jailed for three-and-a-half years at bradford crown court .
moses yitzchok greenfeld , 19 , from stamford hill , london , was pulled from the water after getting into difficulty while swimming in hampstead heath pond . eyewitness said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend .
the royal arrived in florence yesterday for a fashion conference . she has spent much of the past 24 hours partying with fashion 's biggest names . today , a businesslike beatrice was all ears as she listened to the presentations being made on stage . afterwards , she stopped to pose with us designer tory burch .
paul hellyer , who was a canadian minister from 1963 to 1967 , is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on ufos . hellyer is the first high ranking politician to publicly state that aliens are real . he claims that the aliens have ` been visiting our planet for thousands of years ' and are unimpressed with how we live .
amateur photographer nicolas locatelli , 20 , snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above briones regional park , in california . the image went viral on reddit after his friends suggested he upload it to the social network . nicolas said : ` the way the sunset lit up the cloud at the mouth of the dragon made it look like flames were coming out of its mouth ' .
robert butler , 43 , was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston . he was accompanied by his medical team . the operation took almost seven hours on sunday and involved the providence and cranston fire departments .
arthur townsend , 92 , supported himself with his zimmer frame at basildon magistrates ' court as he admitted criminal damage . the retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to mr carter 's address where he dumped the paint stripper on the van , causing more than # 2,000 of damage .
the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old sapphyre johnson who is missing both of her feet . on monday the dog 's original owner karen riddle said that lt. dan , who was born with eight other puppies in a litter - could have been euthanized .
gayla neufeld , 52 , struggled to deal with her family 's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years . the happy couple , who live in manitoba , canada , are now using gayla 's 96-inch asset to launch her new career as an international webcam model .
a japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash . the unnamed heartbroken girlfriend clearly knew how to hit her lying lover where it hurts , and dumped his imac , iphone , ipad and accessories in the bath tub . presumably on the one item of technology that was n't currently taking a long soak .
alondra luna nunez can be seen screaming and fighting with every ounce of her energy as she is dragged out of her school in front of her mother in central mexico last week . she pleaded with the officers , who were working for interpol , not to take her from her parents . a dna test proved that she was not the daughter of houston resident dorotea garcia .
some airports do n't help themselves when faced with these kind of situations . from the long queues for security , to paying for internet connectivity that does n't work and fighting for a seat in the terminal , the allegations against these well-known airports are varied . so , which airports top the list when it comes to passengers complaining about their experience ?
geoff barrow , founder of rock band portishead has waded into the debate over music streaming , saying he received just # 1,700 in royalties despite his songs being played 34million times . he added that he has nothing against streaming , but wants musicians to be paid more , and stopping people from establishing themselves on the scene .
the flub by a graphics person , made on the east coast feed of the morning show , was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online . today had interviewed 70-year-old michaels for a story matt lauer did on a new york gathering for people listed by time magazine as the 100 most influential in the world .
deputy commissioner mark rowley said isis is trying to ` pick up ' potential fighters among ` vulnerable , very young people and those with mental health issues ' . mr rowley issued the warning of new tactics among islamist fanatics at the counter-terror expo at olympia , west london , yesterday .
archaeologists at boston university and the university of bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from africa . they used computer model the amount of energy neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking it compared to humans that were . they found that without fire , a group of neanderthal would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year - than if they did .
survey by online file-sharing service lifetile found 10 % are even more relaxed about treasured photos , letters and mementos . from a marriage certificate to deeds to a house , only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online , while just 13 per cent bother to scan it to a computer .
shaun bryan , 23 , was the intended target of the shooting that shocked britain . he and an accomplice subjected two women to a ` ruthless attack ' in their home . thusha kamaleswaran was hit in the chest and bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine in 2011 . doctors feared she would never be able to move her legs again but she regained feeling in both legs . bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he and accomplice
angie donohue , 43 , broke down as she explained how her husband of four years had tried to hire someone to kill her , even from the confines of his prison cell . she said when they started the doomed romance , daryl stalked and terrorised her , before trying to hire ` various people ' to kill his wife , not once , but twice .
children 's toys could act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals , scientists at vanderbilt university in tennessee have warned . they note that despite hand washing and other protocols , surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem . the researchers concluded this implied one of two scenarios .
on a date in the 1990s , the biggest fails a person could be responsible for were a lack of conversation , food in the teeth or a man asking the woman to split the bill . after the evening is over both parties can fall foul of the temptation to get in touch too quickly - texting within hours of the meeting or checking out the other person 's facebook profile immediately . blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up .
lucy southern worked for britannia hotels in leeds . she complained in august 2013 but nothing was done and in october , nkoroi began touching her , slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck . she also claimed he stood behind her to ` grind ' up and down her back , simulating sex . she won a # 20,000 payout at an employment tribunal .
john sutton jr , 84 , is inviting the 84-year-old man to attend his 76th-straight kentucky derby as their special guest on may 2 . this week , sutton invited a reporter from wave 3 into the louisville home he shares with his wife of 61 years doris , where she spoke about his very first derby . sutton says he was just 8 years old in 1940 when his blacksmith father brought him to his first race , and the two bet
hamayun tariq , a divorced 37-year-old who was born and raised in dudley , shared four images on twitter of a room where he claims to make devices known as ieds . components are seen organised on shelves and instruction manuals and bomb-making equipment neatly laid out on work surfaces in the room . father-of-two says he hopes will emerge as ` the best electronics lab in the islamic state ' .
nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks nba playoffs game on tuesday night . when nicholas finished , the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him . the heartwarming moment was caught on camera .
maickel melamed , 39 , crossed the boston marathon finish line after 20 grueling hours in the rain and cold . he did n't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5am tuesday morning . melamed has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him to just move or walk .
the firm 's boss told mailonline the aim is to offer features that customers want , including 12-month contracts and affordable 4g handsets . when id launches next month it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries , ahead of three with 18 countries and lyca on 17 . but mr stapleton would n't reveal what these will be in order to maintain a competitor advantage over rival networks .
david cameron will say expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment . conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than # 150,000 to fund additional free childcare places . so we introduced 15 hours of free childcare a week for three - and disadvantaged two-year-olds .
the unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise 's facebook account where it was ` liked ' over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it . several facebook users have left comments roasting the hogs breath , located north of brisbane , for the embarrassing mistake .
the 173 lots include the issa dress as worn by kate middleton for her engagement photos , and designs similar to those seen on the fashionable feet of carrie and samantha . the items come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner , and her family are now selling them and donating the money to charity .
the reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims ' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students . in u.s. schools last year , almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault , nearly a third of them women . female educators who sexually abuse their students are facing tougher prosecution in part because there are more women police officers .
norway has announced that it will turn off its fm transmitters on january 11 2017 . the uk had planned to switch off its own fm service by 2018 but the plans were later shelved following objections from commercial radio stations . streaming has topped cd sales in revenue for the first time in the united states as music listeners flock to on-demand services such as spotify and rhapsody .
the california firm said it will announce a ` home battery ' and a ` very large utility scale battery ' in a letter sent to investors . while products such as this already exist , founder elon musk thinks they ` suck ' , according to tesla 's investor relations director , jeff evanson . there are a number of home battery packs on the market . most work by powering up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper . users can then switch them on during the day to use
more than a third of nhs trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments to save money . several have admitted they may impose ` eligibility ' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight . criteria for accepting patients for operations would be based on their body mass index , which measures obesity .
the onetime hewlett-packard ceo will launch a formal campaign on may 4 , according to the wall street journal . but fiorina spokeswoman sarah isgur flores told daily mail online that it 's just a rumor at this point . ' i am not confirming the wsj story , ' flores said .
president barack obama will once again stop short of calling the 1915 massacre of armenians a genocide . as a candidate for president in 2008 , obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected but has not followed through . kim kardashian , whose armenian heritage comes from her father , has used her celebrity since 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide . she last week traveled to the country for the first time with her husband kanye west , sister k
former brookside actress gave birth to son jaxton in september . admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure . has enlisted the help of susan hepburn , who helped lily allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 . claire , 44 , is currently starring in the play sex in suburbia .
london-based keyboard app firm swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji . happy faces , including winks , kisses , smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions . in the us , gadget users send 30 per cent more lgbt-related emoji than the average , including a rainbow , men holding hands or women holding hands .
soothe sunburned skin with ice cubes made of aloe vera or by soaking a cloth in black or green tea . do n't let these glitches ruin your fun in the sun , surf and sand . use it sparingly over the course of the summer months for all-natural highlights by august .
zachary cain stickler , 34 , had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in february and appeared shasta county superior court in redding . before the crash on saturday , stickler had sent text messages to friends and family indicating he was distraught and planned to kill himself . he had been charged with felony count of making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery charge .
teng jiazhi or ` uncle teng ' came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in -30 c. ` they had been standing in the cold for more than an hour for a taxi ' he told reporters from people 's daily online online online . since then the cabby , who starts work at 3am each day , has kept a camera in his car and captured thousands of happy passengers .
erica avery was cuffed and hauled out of a broward county courtroom tuesday after being accused of using the internet , which itself violated the conditions set just one month prior . prosecutor maria schneider said photos of the 17-year-old were posted to social media and one of them shows her using a smart phone . avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in hollywood , florida .
anna james , 32 , has vowed to defy school 's ban on taking children to ` obby ` oss celebrations ' . school blocked her request under government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013 . but mrs james said she would be willing to take consequences of any police action to take her children to the event .
abi gordon-cody , 26 , from droitwich , worcestershire , works as a make-up artist with the daily challenge of trying to find ways of slicing off fingers and impaling bodies in a completely pain-free way . she says her work can involve beautifying rather than horrifying a client .
alice barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen . barker had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo , cotton club and zanzibar club . but she had never gotten the chance to watch herself dance .
pictures taken in micheldever woods , hampshire , show flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected . but fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by april showers this weekend , with forecasters warning britons ` not to put the cagoules away just yet ' . parts of northern scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10c by monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground .
ukip leader nigel farage discusses his love of skinny-dipping in the icy waters of the english channel as a boy . the 51-year-old also discussed his battle with testicular cancer , keeping his children out of the public eye and how he plans to go on as ukip leader until 2030 .
eloise aimee parry , 21 , died this month after buying dnp online to slim down . most recent victim of chemical 2,4-dinitrophenol -lrb- dnp -rrb- is eloise . five others have died since 2008 despite being a normal weight .
rajpal singh , 34 , had swallowed 140 coins , 150 nails and a handful of nuts . he had also gulped down screws , nails and magnets . doctors were amazed when an endoscopy revealed hundreds of foreign objects inside mr singh 's stomach . he said his bizarre habit began after he fell into a depression .
security guard cengiz guven is protecting australian travellers at gallipoli . he is the supervisor of site security at lone pine , the hilltop battlefield cemetery . the 30-year-old kept tyler safe when the frontman and his band were in town to perform . mr guven has been on duty for campbell , american lifestyle icon martha stewart and electro-dance group the prodigy .
clegg says farage 's ` mask is slipping ' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white ` lashing out ' in a scrabble for headlines . lib dem leader condemned david cameron 's appeal to ukip supporters to ` come home ' , warning the ` bandwagons of the far right ' are encircling an ` increasingly hapless conservative leadership ' .
almost 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction , agriculture and leisure . study found there was a ` macho culture ' in some parts of the construction industry , with two thirds of workers who spent nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk .
huge internal organ reportedly weighed 6lbs -lrb- 2.7 kg -rrb- and was 20 times bigger thanit should have been . extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease . condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys , so they expand in size .
holly nicole solomon , now 31 , admitted to running over her husband daniel in a mesa parking lot after an argument where she said her family would ` face hardship ' because of barack obama 's reelection . solomon will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal .
obama visited the subtropical swamps of the park today as part of a push to get americans thinking and talking about the damage climate change is causing close to home . ` climate change can no longer be edited out , ' he said in a speech at everglades national park commemorating earth day .
robert preston boardwine provided his friend joyce rosemary bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010 . she had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean mr boardwine had no parental rights . after the boy was born , the pair disagreed on the level of involvement mr . boardwine would have in his son 's life , with ms bruce intent on raising him alone .
the australian securities and investments commission -lrb- asic -rrb- took action against aldi last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems . a spokeswoman for the supermarket said it had carried out an audit to make sure appropriate signs were visible .
steve spowart helped the horses ' owner , sonia sharrock , to lead the animals to safety near dungog , in the nsw hunter valley region . four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years . the man paddled out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded , past trees , bushes and fences submerged in the floodwater .
figures seized on by labour and the tuc as ` shocking ' evidence . tory benefits chief iain duncan smith questioned the numbers , which he said were ` unverified ' . another independent food bank organisation warned such figures could be misleading because food banks are a new phenomenon . row comes amid growing controversy over the spread of food banks .
perth couple sharon and nick chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of ivf and one failed egg donor attempt . after sharing their story with a perth radio station the couple were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family . thanks to shannon mann , 22 , who said she has wanted to be an egg donor for many years , that dream could soon be a reality .
french-built falcon 50 began tumbling through the air on friday . plane landed safely back in belgrade , but nikolic was . forced to cancel his official visit to meet pope francis in the . vatican , and his advisers put the incident down to yet another . malfunction on the ageing , incident-prone aircraft .
former teachers of al-taqwa college , in melbourne , claim in a letter sent to the state and federal education ministers that principal omar hallak was discriminating against female students . the age reported that the victorian registration and qualifications authority is currently investigating the allegations . mr hallak believes there is ` scientific evidence ' to back his claims .
the nfl expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from alzheimer 's disease or moderate dementia someday . the deal comes after the league has been dogged for years by complaints that it long hid the risks of repeated concussions in order to return players to the field . the settlement also includes allowing for monetary awards of up to $ 5million per claimant for serious medical conditions associated with repeated head trauma .
the # 2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ` perfection ' . but the results were rather scary ... and obvious . not only can you remove spots , improve skin texture and enhance eyes , but you can also fix grey hair , reshape your face and even fill in bald patches .
austin hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his wimauma home last week . he 'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend . bites from the cottonmouth are known to cause extreme swelling and can lead to death .
lucas hinch , who runs an organic herb and tea shop , was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a ` shots fired ' call early on monday evening . hinch took the 9mm pistol he 'd recently purchased on craigslist out behind organica herb & tea co. , which he operates with his girlfriend .
the 24-year-old , named locally as sid ahmed ghlam , had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers in the 13th arrondissement in southern paris on sunday . police found arabic documents mentioning isis and al qaeda at the it student 's home , as well as evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in syria . sunday 's arrest came just hours after the murder of aure
a five-year-old iranian girl has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails . she is now living in fear of being returned from a holding centre in darwin to troubled nauru for years . her family 's asylum claim is processed , her lawyer says . the visa can take up to three years to process according to the department of immigration .
human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the uk , report warns . vile trade also includes sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages . in some cases , ` customers ' from outside the eu are requesting women with eu passports so they can make them pregnant . the migrants claim they have a human right to a family life in britain .
fans of the beloved musical have a chance to get their hands on their own pair of authentic von trapp family lederhosen , as costumes from the iconic film go up for auction at the end of the month . worn by the flamboyant regalia is played by julie andrews -- at the start of the film to add a splash of color to the siblings ' drab uniforms .
samantha rawcliffe , 40 , from morecambe , lost all control of her body while she was behind the wheel of her car last may . she blamed her uncontrollable shaking in the aftermath of the accident on her shock . but over the following days , she feared something else was to blame . tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a wide variety of neurological symptoms .
the european union launched a . legal attack on gazprom on wednesday , stoking tensions . with moscow as it accused the russian gas giant of overcharging . buyers in eastern europe and hindering competition . europe 's foreign minister sergei lavrov said that the charges were ` absolutely unacceptable ' .
noaa fisheries in maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered . they want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations . ten of these will be ` not at risk ' , two ` threatened ' and two ` endangered ' . proposal is to reclassify global population of humpback whales into 14 ` population segments ' .
ricky woolaston , 35 , posed as a maintenance engineer to gain access to students ' properties before pinching laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit . but he was easily tracked down by police after he left behind his bag at the scene of one of the break-ins . the prolific thief was arrested last friday and has now been sentenced to four years in prison at birmingham crown court .
the map was created by looking at the official twitter accounts for each team , using their followers as an indicator of allegiance . liverpool may be struggling in the premier league and looking at a 2015-16 campaign without champions league football . arsenal have strong support in london and the south east and actually have more followers in the backyards of rivals chelsea and tottenham .
scientists in belgium say all sweet potatoes contain ` foreign dna ' . agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species . this makes sweet potatoes a ` natural genetically modified organism ' . and humans have been eating it for thousands of years . it is one of the most important food crops for human consumption .
gregg manderson , 68 , of st paul , minnesota , first sought medical attention after he got twinkle twinkle little star trapped inside his mind last may . he has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years . minneapolis va medical center neurologist dr khalaf alla bushara and researcher roger dumas have looked for a way to end the earworm ,
charlotte blakeway was discovered dead in the bath at her home in shropshire after suffering an epileptic fit . the 17-year-old had been studying film , performance , english and sociology at shrewsbury sixth form college . her mother elizabeth said her daughter was talented singer who dreamed of becoming an actress .
matthew riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber 's drink at the roof gardens in kensington in august last year . the 29-year-old , from epsom in surrey , appeared at isleworth crown court today . judge martin edmunds qc told riches his trial would take place on august 10 .
the man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue hyundai getz car on the bermagui to tathra road in the bega valley , on the far south coast of nsw , just after 8.30 pm on wednesday . but on thursday evening 7 news captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police . the arresting police officer screamed at the man before being taken away in a police van .
the bash-the-rich candidate flew first class from boston to washington , d.c. after wrapping up a two-day new hampshire campaign trip . ` mrs. clinton , when are you going to start talking to the press about benghazi ? ' daily mail online asked her . ` did you make mistakes ? ' the usually garrulous and broad-smiling clinton stared straight ahead , continued walking alongside her secret service and local police escorts , and said
hayley carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition before moving to live with her fiancee , identified only as anne , in devon later this year . she will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa , which if successful , will set her on the path to citizenship .
knievel , 52 , was speeding in an suv on tuesday evening when he rear-ended a honda , causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles . after the crash , knievel drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away . on wednesday , he made his initial appearance in justice court .
tom hamilton was tending to a lamb when the sheepdog took control . the tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the road . don was unhurt but left scores of motorists wondering if they were imagining things . traffic scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that there may be hold-ups .
four46 people on board the italian rescue vessel , the navy said . they were dropped off in the sicilian port of augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the coast of italian mainland . their parents had gambled everything to seek a new life in europe and on this occasion they were lucky it did n't end in tragedy .
dr christopher valentine , 52 , was sacked from a sexual health clinic . hauled before the general medical council nine years ago for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent . his behaviour was branded ` inappropriate ' but he was not struck off and went to work at an nhs service for drug addicts and alcoholics .
william smith was 15 when he fell in love with his best friend 's mother , marilyn buttigieg , who was then 44 years old . the couple , from crawley , west sussex , shared their first date and kiss in september 2005 . they feel they have proved their critics wrong because they are still together .
ukip leader said ` millions ' of refugees could arrive on boats in europe over the next few years unless they are intercepted and turned back now . comments came as experts warned that up to 30,000 migrants , including 2,500 children , could be killed this year unless the crisis is tackled .
bbc2 boss kim shillinglaw said clarkson ` will be back ' on the bbc . but the 54-year-old would return to the corporation once he had ` had some time ' . final scenes filmed by top gear team before jeremy 's unceremoniously sacked .
scientists at the university of southern california believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition . they have identified a gene , named nox3 , that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to hearing loss . those at higher , genetic risk for hearing loss can decide whether to take precautionary measures to protect their hearing prior to hazardous noise exposure .
the hysterical real housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where dr phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program . but richards apparently snubbed dr phil 's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream ` f *** ' , and other obscenities when she ran out of the room . richards , 50 , was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication , trespassing , resisting an officer and
university of illinois scientists have created the first 3d simulation of merging black holes in a disk . it shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide . the simulation included dr roman gold , dr vasileios paschalidis , dr milton ruiz , and dr harald pfeiffer . to make the simulation , the researchers used einstein 's general theory of relativity coupled with equations that govern how matter moves near the speed of light in a magnetic field . the
the uco stormproof matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them . the unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations . they include 25 matches in a completely waterproof case with and three strike pads .
palaeontologists say male stegosaurus could have used them to show off their prowess in much the same way as peacocks do today . a pair of turkey-sized ` egg thief lizards ' dubbed romeo and juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock in the mid-90s . it has taken until now for experts to determine the sex of the ` lovers ' .
laura eugenia smith , 35 , faces multiple charges , including dui , child endangerment and public intoxication . police say a witness noticed the girl driving smith 's car with smith sitting in the passenger seat . staten said he used his truck to pin smith in this parking lot so she would n't keep driving .
the australian women 's weekly will be published in this month 's edition . ms gibson revealed the truth of her cancer diagnosis in an interview with daily mail australia . she said she was not paid for the interview and was not seeking forgiveness . the wellness blogger was a prominent social media personality .
raquel d'apice , a comedian and mother-of-one from new jersey , has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating yelp reviews of newborns . notlovingit wrote that she wished she ` had read the reviews ' before deciding to have a baby .
yom hazikaron - or memorial day - is held the day before israel 's independence day . under law all places of entertainment , including cinemas , theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day . many israelis attend memorial services for relatives and friends who have died in conflict .
the papyrus was found in oxyrhynchus , egypt , and contains a medical ` recipe ' for treating a hangover . it recommends stringing the leaves of the evergreen plant , also called ruscus racemosus , together and possibly wearing it around the neck .
graeme finlay , 53 , insisted he acted in self-defence after being attacked by ron phillips , 70 , wielding his crutch . the 16-stone british gas engineer was travelling alone , a court heard . the couple were knocked unconscious after he allegedly assaulted them outside their cabin .
cecilia gentle cleanser costs # 6.74 at boots and is also stocked in pharmacies such as lloyds and online on amazon . dermatologists developed it for people with highly sensitive skin so it is often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers . miss holden , 44 , revealed it is her secret to remaining fresh-faced .
monica mcdermott , 41 , could not walk straight when police stopped her lexus . mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to halt on churchill way . officers breathalyzed her she was three times over the limit , court heard . she pleaded guilty to drink driving at macclesfield magistrates ' court .
rspca officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in lancashire . they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights . one of the dogs ears had been bitten off . all five illegal dogs - dingo , sheeba , zula , fenton and mousey - were ordered to be destroyed .
pictures show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera . they will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 , and they will all be classified not by their gang affiliation . in all 1,177 barri 18 members were transferred .
gary glitter was one of two young girls predator glitter was convicted of abusing when he lived in the seaside resort of vung tau in vietnam in 2006 . she was tricked into going to his house by glitter 's then 19-year-old lover ` b ' , a homeless orphan who became his child-sex ` pied piper ' sex recruiter for him . the girl , who mailonline is not identifying , now suffers from dark spells of depression and rarely goes out ,
erik de vries , 24 , and josephine egberts , 22 , were separated back in 1999 after their parents ' messy break-up , after which their father took erik and his twin brother to belgium . despite erik 's best efforts to later track down their sister , it was only after erik moved back to the netherlands , joined tinder and swiped ` right ' on jinder 's profile that they were reunited .
greg hardy has been suspended by the nfl after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year . hardy , 25 , was convicted by a judge last july of beating , strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend , nicki holder . those charges were later dropped on an appeal when holder could not be located to testify .
sir james munby said parents should use the ` carrot and the stick ' approach . he suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets , grounding teenagers , and ` threats falling short of brute force ' . sir james said there would be no winners if the girls , aged 14 and 16 , were not persuaded to restore their relationship with their father .
apple watch is about to go from being on display to being on the wrist of buyers world-wide but a panel of technical experts claim it is far from perfect . michelle hutchison and jeremy cabral from comparison website finder.com.au are among those who have run the rule of the soon-to-be released futuristic watch . the gadget went on sale on-line in nine countries and the initial stock sold out in just a few hours .
prime minister said labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare . accused ed miliband and ed balls of having ` some brass neck ' by attacking tories . added : ` do n't you dare lecture us on poverty ' , adding : ` true compassion is n't giving people a chance ' .
christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt . he invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation . but judge nicholas cooke qc said the sentence was ` unlawful ' .
in the first four months of 2015 there have so far been 5,080 flight cancellations . number of delays also increased to 2,427 from 2,260 in 2014 . easyjet has n't fared much better , experiencing a 19 per cent increase in delays . airlines are refuting the figures .
shanice farier , 22 , from derby , earned a ` decent salary ' and received handouts from her father but that was n't enough for her expensive taste . she helped herself to money from kanoo travel in derby and spent it staying in hotels and living ` an opulent lifestyle ' . judge john burgess ordered farier to 240 hours of unpaid work , adding that he hopes she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty .
an iditarod sled dog who escaped from handlers in anchorage has been found safe after being on the run for a month . alaskan husky , sarabi , was returned to a friend of the musher laura allaway , on monday night who will be reunited with the animal . the three-year-old dog was spotted on april 15 near glenn highway and then again last friday near reverend tim carrick 's united protestant presbyterian church .
natali castellanos-tyler , 30 , a married mother of three from chesterfield county , was returning home from a birthday party february 21 with her daughter , elisa . she supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road , slammed her silver ford explorer into a tree and died at the scene . investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions .
martin springall , 38 , photographed his daughter - who he wished not to be named - standing near a rocky outcrop in zushi , japan , in july 2014 . he said he was living and working in tokyo , around an hour north , and wanted to send a picture ` to my wife , who was at work ' . mr springall gave permission for his friend , brian , to post the image to reddit - where it became a topic of ` mostly negative
tracy walters , 48 , is accused of killing his wife of two years after their relationship had collapsed because she was no longer able to satisfy his sexual demands . the 51-year-old 's mitsubishi l200 animal ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree -- leaving mrs walters with serious injuries .
barry selby , 54 , was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found the ` skull ' snack . the floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall snack as he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples he has seen on the internet .
brett robinson , 32 , is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct . the case follows that of her colleague lisa curry , 39 , who was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a gang member and convicted rapist . robinson felt flattered by the compliments she got from the inmate and started to ` open up to him ' early last year .
the trussell trust admitted in a climbdown that ` these are not all unique users ' . it emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million -- and possibly lower still . but the corporation also retreated yesterday , toning down its coverage as the one million figure unravelled .
the new southpaw trailer featured jake gyllenhaal showing off an extremely toned torso . but his trainer , terry claybon , said it took a huge amount of work to get the actor ripped for the shoot , including six months of training before filming even started . he also worked out for an incredible six hours per day , including 2,000 sit ups , 1,000 each morning and the same at night .
aston martin db4 cabriolet once belonged to actor peter ustinov . it was delivered to him at a swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in britain was just # 2,500 . this was one of the fastest cars of the era so attracted interest from the rich and famous .
spain 's queen letizia was back to the day job following two consecutive evenings at glamorous awards shows . joined by handsome husband king felipe , 47 , the elegant royal was all smiles as she welcomed award-winning writer juan goytisolo to the casa real in madrid .
the james webb space telescope will be 100 times more potent than hubble , and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang . nasa describes the telescope as a ` powerful time machine with infrared vision that will peer back over 13.5 billion years ' . but nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its october 2018 launch .
baboucarr ceesay , 21 , is believed to have died on the fishing boat . his aunt jessica sey , from cheltenham , has spoken of her devastation . she said her two daughters were ` absolutely gobsmacked ' by news of his death .
david norris , 51 , pounced on his wife dionne in the graveyard of st nicholas church in southfleet , kent , as she was about to lay flowers at the grave of his grandmother . he only stopped stabbing her when she ` played dead ' and a member of the public intervened . norris was sentenced at maidstone crown court after being found guilty of attempted murder .
grylls ' latest tv show the island had not eaten for two weeks when they killed what producers believed was a common caiman . however , suspicions were raised when the animal slain on camera appeared larger than usual , and it has now turned out to be an endangered american crocodile . conservationists are in agreement that illegal hunting and habitat destruction have left it critically endangered .
the charity founded by ralph lauren in 1994 has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever . starring models from sizes 10 to 20 and showcasing clothes from high street giants including marks & spencer 's , debenhams and laura ashley . this follows the first leg of the campaign , which starred models abbey clancy , 29 , and alice dellal , 27 .
the ` meal deal ' -lrb- which is not always a meal -rrb- has seen us stave off the hunger pangs with soggy sandwiches , slimy salads and salty soups . but we could save up to # 1,300 a year if we just prepared our lunch at home .
three men arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef claudia lawrence . body of the 35-year-old has still not been found , north yorkshire police confirmed . officers have launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts , which is set to continue over a number of days .
the 1962 aston martin db4 series iii will be worth three times its # 220,000 price if fully restored . restoration project will cost up to # 350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay at least # 570,000 to return it to its former glory . car was supplied new in july 1961 to a robert drummond of london , who lived in a central postcode region in the capital of sw1 .
dashcam footage has revealed the startling moment a texas trooper ran toward a motorcyclist following a high-speed chase , leaped into the air and karate kicked him to the ground . the unconventional maneuver led to a three-day , unpaid suspension for trooper abraham martinez last year but the footage only emerged this week as the austin american statesman investigated outdated tactics used in department of public safety pursuits .
the underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt . it is currently on display at the national museum of denmark in copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection . it was obtained during an expedition to the ammassalik settlement in greenland in 1892 by captain c. ryder .
micheal john duffy , 34 , pleaded not guilty to murdering colleen deborah ayers . he told the court his former partner , rachel evans , was the one with a ` twisted desire to kill ' and that he had only dug the victim 's crude grave . ms ayers ' decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent 's 25-acre lakesland property , located near picton , south west of sydney .
harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas . but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage . tv cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness .
jerry moon 's family only discovered the devastating blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag . while the body of the loving father - who was terrified of cremation - was accidentally incinerated at dahl mcvicker funeral home in kelso , washington state . the family is now seeking unspecified damages for emotional distress .
charlesetta taylor , 79 , may have her home torn down by the city of st. louis . taylor was a member of the first african-american family to live in the neighborhood . the company creates maps and satellite imagery that is used by the military for national security .
oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder , related to a period between may and july 1944 . around 425,000 jews from hungary were brought to the auschwitz-birkenau complex in nazi-occupied poland and most immediately gassed to death . during that period , so many trains were arriving that often two would have to wait with closed doors as the first was ` processed ' .
model jesinta campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel let down by belle gibson . campbell was a fan of wellness blogger belle . gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses following months of speculation and the undoing of her health empire . ms gibson was awarded one of the big awards there .
hinchingbrooke in cambridgeshire as ` inadequate ' and placed in special measures , along with a dozen of the worst hospitals in the country . experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed and a stitch-up by labour party activists and trade unionists who oppose privatisation .
vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks . lyme disease , or lyme borreliosis , is a bacterial infection spread to humans by infected ticks . ticks are tiny spider-like creatures found in woodland and heath areas . they feed on the blood of birds and mammals , including mammals .
the glasford school in illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the american red cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving . the staged event on thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police , fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene . in attendance at the event and clearly troubled was an illini bluffs high school senior named moriah nau who wiped her tears away as she was embraced by her friend .
fire billows from david jenkins ' single-engine edge 360 plane above old buckenham airfield near attleborough , norfolk . man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people who were at a press day for the air show . witnesses said that the burning wreckage of the plane was extinguished by firefighters .
willy robinson , from the blog beauty high , stars in theunique makeover clip , which sees him transform himself into a kylie jenner lookalike . to make himself over as ` america 's sweetheart ' , rolly first had to shave his mustache - and then he got to work using an impressive array of cosmetics .
steve knight , 48 , was hosting an open house event at his simi valley office last friday when he was accosted by activists rallying against amnesty for undocumented immigrants . the heated exchange was captured on video and later uploaded onto youtube by a right-wing group called we the people rising . knight was one of 75 house republicans who voted to pass a bill funding the department of homeland security after it had been stripped off provisions blocking obama 's immigration reform .
former first minister said he would write labour 's budget north of the border . he also joked that he would ` check his top pocket ' -- a reference to a conservative election poster showing a miniature mr miliband in his breast pocket . it prompted david cameron and boris johnson to join forces to warn of a looming ` constitutional crisis ' .
peter 's father , the letter submitted to the weekly standard took six-months to write because troubled peter was ` too angry ' to write it all down in one sitting . peter criticizes the first lady for america 's lack of troops in the middle east and in the ukraine .
the mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party pieces firm yesterday , recommending the chevron divine tablewear range for parents-to-be . mrs middleton , 60 , who has previously been accused of cashing in after her daughter kate married prince william , wrote : ` it 's great for a baby shower ' .
ben affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a pbs show about his family history . the academy award-winning actor and director asked producers to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed by dailymail.com , while also explaining his reasons for his decision . affleck went on to say he lobbied for that information to be withheld after filming the episode .
flight 5622 , operating as a united express , dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in buffalo , new york . the situation arose about an hour after three passengers on the embraer 175 twin-jet from chicago to connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick . when the plane landed , skywest initially claimed that the aircraft landed ` out of an abundance of caution ' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction .
chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time in history . the announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable experiments . the team tried to tweak the gene responsible for β-thalassaemia , a potentially deadly blood disorder , using a germ line editing technique known as crispr/cas9 .
ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , wants to look hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit . she was convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd on june 17 , 2013 . ward said her son , 27 , was ` loved by many ' .
bounkham ` bou ' phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the may incident . his family says the medical bills have surpassed $ 1 million . while the settlement is n't enough to cover the continued medical care bou will require as he gets older , buzzfeed reports that the family 's settlement does not preclude continued litigation .
christopher swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm wednesday in brooklyn . he swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge environmental clean up that ultimately succumbed to the water 's pollution . swain , who has previously swam the hudson and columbia rivers , said that cleanup of the gowanus canal should be accelerated .
ukip has fallen 18 points behind the tories and seven behind labour . revelation came as mr farage admitted he ` made some mistakes ' during campaign . but he insisted he was looking forward to the rest of the campaign . tonight 's survey for itv news by comres is latest in string of polls .
former tory party chairman hits out at david cameron for not being a ` real man ' . he said unlike major figures such as sir winston churchill , clement attlee or even aneurin bevan , mr cameron had never had a ` proper job ' . instead , he said the prime minister had done nothing except be a special adviser and working in pr for carlton television .
carol chandler , 53 , allegedly molested a boy under the age of 14 who was a pupil at top independent school st paul 's in barnes , south west london . she is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985 .
images show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot at point-blank range . isis released the disturbing photographs on the same day as they attempted to portray everyday life under the terror group 's control . brave activists operating on the ground in syria have been hugely successful in helping unite .
rebecca grant , 40 , initially claimed that she had been kidnapped and abused , but when she refused to give the name of her captors , police checked her id . once york county sheriff 's deputies learned she had bail conditions not to possess or consume alcohol they went to arrest her . however , at this point , she became violent , and attempted to head-butt a deputy before ` thrusting her head onto the trunk of his cruiser on two occasions ' .
the nordic country decided to tighten up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows , clubs and even animal brothels in the country . the previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals . those voting for the bill said denmark did not want to remain the last northern european country where bestiality was legal .
joseph o'riordan , 76 , found guilty of attempted murder at brighton crown court . his wife mandy , 47 , was left with life-threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back at their home in polegate , east sussex . he had become suspicious of his wife 's movements and placed a gps tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her .
lord janner signed over the deeds of his # 2million home to his children . his flat , in a gated community near hampstead heath , north london , was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in march last year . it follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the former labour mp for child abuse .
emily grimson , 25 , from shropshire , is one of britain 's most successful models . has already built a lucrative full-time career making up to # 100 an hour . exfoliates her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best .
isabelle hyart 's body was discovered in a migrant camp last week . mourners gathered at st peter 's in northern france today . huge screens had been erected to show the ceremony for many . chloe had been snatched from a french playground in front of her mother . zbigniew huminsk , 38 , has since confessed to his crimes .
saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran . prince talal , who owns $ 300 million stake in twitter , apparently made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted .
woman , who did not want to be identified , said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out in public alone . she said fear of is making people join the group : ` better to take the things they offer than die of hunger ' . she added women are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home as a wife and mother .
one in five australians shop online at night , according to a new study . 86 per cent of those surveyed admit to turning to online retailers to purchase items they 're too embarrassed to buy in stores . the things considered too awkward for first person purchases include underwear , hair removal cream , personal hygiene products , medication ... and action figures .
nigel farage admitted he has a ` preference ' for australian immigrants . the ukip leader said he was happier accepting migrants from commonwealth countries such as australia and india because they could speak english . comes after mr farage demanded that refugees fleeing to europe across the mediterranean are sent back .
authorities named abu khaled al-cambodi as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on saturday . he has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where , cradling a gun , he has ordered his ` beloved brothers ' to ` rise up ' and attack targets in australia . despite the militant 's vitriol , the most recent local headlines surrounding anti-muslim prejudice have focused upon sydney woman
lint-free , tear-resistant paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations , too . they are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee at home and are perfect for catching oily sediment from your cup of java . here femail has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers .
the jackson county jury found susan monica guilty of murdering two men about a year apart , then abusing their corpses by feeding them to her pigs . the judge immediately sentenced monica to life in prison , with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years . monica asked for sentencing as soon as the jury was dismissed , saying ` it does n't seem to matter ' .
a silicon valley-based start-up is offering an at-home dna saliva test to detect the same gene mutations priced at just $ 249 -lrb- # 167 -rrb- . it tests for mutations in brca1 and brca2 , along with 17 other markers , all of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer . the actress , who underwent a double mastectomy in 2013 , was referring to a genetic test that currently costs more than $ 3,
dr mehmet oz , 54 , found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to columbia university , where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery . in a special episode of the dr oz show , the beleaguered physician directly addressed his attackers and accused them of trying to bully him into silence . on friday , dr oz will sit down for an interview with cnn money featuring a part of oz 's rebuttal to promote
vincent stanford , 24 , is accused of murdering stephanie scott , 26 , on easter sunday and dumping her body in bushland . ms scott 's mother anika met with leeton mayor paul maytom last thursday , revealing her grief and horror at the situation . mr maytom told the publication after speaking to ms scanford : ` obviously , she herself is traumatised by this whole incident too ' .
london mayor tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands . after being put right by a four-year-old , the pair hit trouble after it proved to be more difficult than expected . they were supposed to be highlighting tory plans to double free childcare for 600,000 children aged three and four .
a waitress has revealed how the new zealand prime minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in auckland . the anonymous woman has recounted how mr key kept being persistent with his hair-pulling antics , despite being told to stop during election time last year . she wrote about the incident on the daily blog on wednesday .
vít jedlicka , 31 , is a member of the czech republic 's conservative party of free citizens . he says the idea for the state came from a desire to live in a country where ` honest ' people could prosper with minimal to no interference from a centralised government .
the funny girl pretended to trip and fall in front of the couple , collapsing in a heap on the red carpet - and kimye was not amused . the three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at jazz at lincoln center in new york city .
david healy , head of psychiatry at hergest psychiatric unit , said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established . he suggested that the success of so-called ssri drugs -- which include prozac and seroxat -- was based on the ` marketing of a myth ' .
tianwen chen , 65 , and his wife gairen guo , 60 , found their first child in a box on the roadside and gradually took more and more disabled children into their home . but the couple have faced a great deal of heartache over the years , and are only now living comfortably with 12 of the children with the help of kind-hearted people .
prince william , dutiful fellow that he is , will give birth to next child in a few days ' time , at which point the prince , having been excused from training with east anglia air ambulance , will roll up the sleeves of his viyella shirt and tell his beloved as she lies , exhausted , on her maternity hospital bed : ` o duchess of my dreams , i am at your beck and call , coiled like a watchspring to hold milk bottles and
manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' . also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring . clients also agree to release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner ` for identification purposes ' .
jackson byrnes , 18 , underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on wednesday . it has been an enormous success , with thousands donating more than $ 95,000 in just over a week . his loved ones waited for seven hours as world-renowned surgeon dr charlie teo operated on the teen at the prince of wales hospital in sydney 's east . his mother rhonda said : ` it 's such a relief , it 's
george nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on sunday afternoon while laying flowers on his wife velta 's grave . he was released from the hospital on tuesday with 18 stitches in his head . he said that by throwing his wallet in attempt to distract the teen he was able to get away without further harm .
st. regis abu dhabi is the second uae capital , overlooking the arabian gulf . the signature suite , which rents for a staggering 100,000 -lrb- # 18,188 -rrb- per night , hovers an impressive 200m . the 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator .
colin gilpatric , 7 , was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry , as forming emotional attachments is said by the rules of the fictional order to lead jedis to the ` dark side ' . colin , who has autism , went directly to the man in charge .
leading figures from seven parties have written a joint letter questioning cps ' decision not to prosecute lord janner over child abuse . 11 leading figures said that director of public prosecutions alison saunders was ` damaging public confidence ' in the justice system with her ruling . some paedophiles , including several too ill to enter a plea , have still been prosecuted and in some cases jailed for the rest of their lives because of historic sex attacks .
ed miliband said he would have to pay # 250 a month ` mansion tax ' on homes worth more than # 2million but claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one . comes despite revelations his four-storey victorian town house has two kitchens -- including one for the family 's live-in nanny .
joanessa clawson and husband james clawson , 38 , face felony conspiracy charges after they allegedly set up a fake gofundme page asking for donations . they pretended to be a friend asking for money for their daughter , sofia , 3 , who was in hospital with a heart infection after surgery . the couple has been accused of running scams in the past .
sgt. daniel knapp from jacksonville , north carolina , received combat medals after serving in afghanistan . despite having several tattoos while in the marines , it is the one he got on his forearm after he left -- a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation for marine riflemen . knapp has been denied re-enlistment due to the service 's strict policy on body ink .
stephanie scott has been remembered as a ` beautiful friend ' who brought laughter to her loved ones , in a touching funeral service on wednesday . hundreds of people gathered at eat your greens , just outside eugowra in nsw 's central west , to pay their respects to the beloved teacher . among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley , who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt
phoebe jo chapman , 42 , surrendered to sheriffs at the lowndes county sheriff 's office in valdosta and has since been charged with three counts of sexual assault . police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys . chapman resigned from the school as the investigation got underway .
jonah willow , 12 , played chess grandmaster alexander cherniaev for hours before the russian suggested a draw . jonah , from nottingham , had competed in an open tournament against far older and more experienced players . both children are home-schooled by their parents .
swazi gold is grown in the tiny south african sovereign state of swaziland , where the climate and nutrient-rich soil is perfect for growing marijuana . farmers - many of them ` grannies ' whose children have died and who are now in charge of providing for their grandchildren - have developed the potent strain through cross-pollination .
ganjendra singh , 41 , was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd . seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and - despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him - was later declared dead at ram manohar lohia hospital .
samantha fleming , 23 , was asleep in the indiana apartment she shared with her boyfriend and newborn daughter when the doorbell rang on april 6 . police say geraldine jones , 36 , of gary , indiana , was a professionally dressed woman carrying a binder who introduced herself to fleming 's boyfriend as a department of child services worker . jones was part of an elaborate scheme to take the 17-day-old baby and claim the girl as her own
ronan ghosh , 39 , stole # 200 worth of meat and wine from a tesco store . he was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag . but a court heard that he was caught shoplifting after heading to the store following an argument with his girlfriend .
tesco 's clothing brand f&f has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market . it is available online for just # 80 and can be worn again instead of stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten . aside from the lace bust , the dress is a mixture of nylon , cotton and polyester .
more than five million australian visas are expected to be issued to students , tourists and workers this year . while a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 . the number of chinese-born australians had tripled in the past 20 years .
eleven of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing . one flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency call . among the worst cases , one incident report noted : ` fumes in cabin . eleven of the cabin crew became unwell during flight , with symptoms of light-headedness , nausea and `` sea sickness '' .
marcus copeland , 44 , admitted one count of fraud at caernarfon crown court . he sourced specialist scottish stone to make house in cwm dyserth , north wales . married father-of-two 's dream had become a nightmare after he admitted lying on mortgage forms to secure more than # 800,000 for the property .
sally lutkin , 49 , had a rose surrounded by the names harvey , seven , harvey junior , six , and cooper , one , tattooed above her left ankle in november 2013 . but the tattoo quickly became so swollen that she was in agony and could n't walk , forcing her to rush to a&e . doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone .
national front leader marine le pen , 46 , took over from her father in 2011 . in an interview before a dinner in honour of the time 100 ion new york on tuesday , the leader of the staunchly anti-immigration front spoke of representing a ` great political force ' . this angered marine , who said she would not back him in the elections and accused him of ` political suicide ' .
britain 's real-life rapunzels show off their locks -- and explain why they 'd never consider going for the chop . fiona steane , 50 , wanted to cut all her hair off when she was 15 but her mother refused and she 's had it long ever since .
secret support is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses . but can a woman with 34g curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress ? secret support . lace pencil dress , # 169 , monsoon.co.uk . blue caged heels , # 39.99 , zara.com .
massey shaw was requisitioned from the london fire brigade in 1940 . transported to help with the evacuation of allied troops in face of nazi advance . after carrying 600 soldiers back to britain , boat returned to london where it helped to save st paul 's cathedral .
scientists found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip . this image on the left taken of skin cells healing a wound using an electron microscope show how cells on opposing sides interlock together in a similar way to a zipper used on clothes .
dr sergio canavero has not got any qualms with wealthy tycoons using the procedure to get a young body in their quest for eternal life . he confirmed that he will carry out the procedure in china if he is banned from doing so in the eu or former soviet union . valery spiridonov wants to be the first person to undergo a head transplant despite the massive risks so he can have a shot at having a healthy body having suffered from werdnig
blake , 27 , has been promoting her new movie , age of adaline , in which she stars alongside michiel huisman and harrison ford . since welcoming her daughter , she has shunned the gym in favour of al fresco activities . says losing weight has n't been a priority .
john george agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because temple would ` overreact if she did n't get her way ' . he also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much . his efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including ronald reagan came to temple 's defense and called her a ` very courageous woman of the highest morals ' .
latasha gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , were discovered early wednesday one day after they were reported missing . the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead , and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide . he also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed .
a group of female fans are rallying support for ed miliband on social media . the largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the may 7th election posting tweets of affection for the labour leader . led by twitter user @twcuddleston , an as levels student by the name of abby .
stewart brand , president of the long now foundation and editor of the whole earth catalogue , believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful . his views are likely to be controversial with conservationists who have been warning that human activities risk killing off a large proportion of species on earth in an event to rival the extinction of the dinosaurs .
yousef saleh erakat disguised himself as a homeless man and found out that the answer was often less than kind . as a man in a suit and on his cell phone walks by in the beginning of the video , he says , ' i just want to be a helping hand today ' . the actor says he wanted to ` flip the script ' .
scott keyes , a 28-year-old writer for think progress , is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights . keyes recommends credit cards are the best way to go if you want to quickly and easily rack up frequent flyer miles , which you can then use to take free flights .
the thames bath lido will sit near blackfriars bridge , london . it should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project . the plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative . tracy emin said she could n't believe how underused the thames is .
james boase , landlord of the coppa dolla pub in broadhempston , devon , failed to stop after hitting another car on march 13 , 2014 . the 36-year-old publican told torquay magistrates ' court that the last thing he could remember was going to bed at approximately 12.30 am . he insisted he had been ` sleep walking ' and must have been ` completely shocked ' .
twitter users have begun editing his face on to famous men 's bodies . from marlon brando and harrison ford to neil armstrong , these images prove there is nothing that photoshop can not achieve . while miliband 's poll ratings have shown him to be a consistently unpopular leader , these new pictures attempt to reverse that trend .
veteran espn reporter shelley smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer . she will make her first appearance on april 30 , just before the nfl draft . smith , 56 , also revealed in an interview that she will not be wearing a wig upon her return and is proud of her bald head .
elvis presley bought both planes in 1975 . they 've been one of the biggest highlights of graceland for 30 years . memphis city council agreed yesterday that hound dog ii and lisa marie can be moved from his estate to a site nearby . it means tourists will have to pay extra if they want to see the two jets .
kate roberts , 24 , noticed her son miles had a slightly different shape when he was born , and at three months , he was diagnosed with flat head syndrome . this when the back of the head becomes flattened , causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out . doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back , and as it is not medically dangerous , the nhs does not pay for treatment . instead , parents are advised to move their children on
the video was recorded in the state of washington , where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in july of last year . it sees each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong before offering their thoughts , both funny and thoughtful , on the controversial substance . ` it 's like the last piece of prohibition , ' says robert , 73 , who worked as a police officer from 1970 to 1986 before performing criminal justice training for another decade .
gulam chowdhury , 24 , quoted verses from the quran before stabbing mohammed yasser afzal 20 times at an east london cab office where his victim worked . the old bailey heard that nargis riaz , 22 , was terrified that ms riaz would show intimate photographs to her father who was a strict imam . mr afzury faces a retrial after the jury failed to reach a verdict after 21 hours and 37 minutes ' deliberation
aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . in the meantime a billboard , paid for by the kenosha professional police association , has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog .
the bacchus suite at the yeatman boasts a high-vaulted wooden ceiling , copper jacuzzi , fireplace and a rotating bed . when guests arrive at the hotel they set foot in a stunning lobby with a statue of the roman god of wine . even though the hotel is dedicated to wine , it 's not just for enthusiasts .
tom mctevia , 42 , who was left without the use of his legs following another atv accident 11 years ago , was traveling with a group and driving his friend tina hoisington , 45 , near an overlook at lake pend oreille in bonner county on sunday . when the group stopped for a photograph around noon , witnesses told selkirk fire rescue , the cda press reported . a firefighter reached the first victim 's body after rappelling down 500 feet of
king goodwill zwelithini said foreigners should ` pack their belongings ' . dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist has courted wrath of women 's rights and hiv/aids campaigners for his hardline stance on traditional virginity testing . he has been blamed for sparking outbursts of xenophobic violence like this .
the white house said tuesday that nye , who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children , ` would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president ' . on the road trip from joint base andrews in maryland to the florida swamp and back again , a 1,836 mile flight , nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon being emitted from the president '
gray and white cat marv got wedged in a five inch gap in between two garages . rspca were called and they too were unable to coax the pet from the gap . firefighters spent half an hour chiselling a breezeblock free from the neighbour 's wall . marv 's tail and back legs were revealed and an officer pulled him free .
philip garrod , 43 , was on his way to start a shift with the welsh ambulance service when he was caught speeding at 105mph on his suzuki motorbike . he pleaded guilty and was fined # 650 with six points for speeding but then began weaving a web of lies after asking the judge to consider special circumstances .
stanford computer science student lea coligado , 21 , created women of silicon valley , a blog based on the people-profiling website humans of new york . the blog has attracted attention from the best in the business , including women-in-tech advocate tracy chou , a software engineer at pinterest .
major general allen batschelet says that 10 percent of young americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers . of the 195,000 young men and women who signed up to fight for our country in 2014 , only 72,000 qualified .
the australian vaccination-skeptics network has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccination to rape . the tag line on the image read , ` forced penetration . really - no big deal , if it 's just a vaccination needle and he 's a doctor . do you really `` need '' control over over your own choices ? ' .
the 14-year-old was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside her house in kosi kalan , in uttar pradesh 's mathura district . she is now recovering in delhi 's safdarjung hospital with 70 per cent burns . accused men have been arrested .
the findings are based on a study of about 95,000 young people . all those in the study had older siblings . some of the elder children had autism and some did not . numerous studies over the last 15 years have ruled out a link between the mmr vaccine and autism . autism is on the rise , and affects as many as one in 68 children in the united states , but its causes remain poorly understood .
the brightly coloured crossing was due to be installed in totnes in devon . but experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with alzheimer 's . fears were expressed to councillors who had been asked to back the plan to install the crossing across an area called the plains .
colin hendry , 49 , rowed with his then girlfriend sarah kinder before embarking on a drinking session which led to him driving home . police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines while the father-of-four attempted to drive home . he was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a lytham cocktail bar .
the irs ' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season . for those who were n't disconnected , only 40percent actually got through to a person . irs commissioner john koskinen said the agency is required by law to implement the health law , leaving him with few other places to cut .
the offences ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child to rape , which happened in cars , woods or at the defendants ' homes in oxfordshire . the men were found guilty in march and have now been handed sentences of between three and nine years in jail . one child described the parties as 'em otionally immature ' .
a social media staffer to donald trump retweeted an off-color jab at hillary clinton on thursday before the boss deleted it . trump , a multibillionaire who 's considering a presidential run , will be in new hampshire on saturday -- where the episode will likely come up .
five nursing students died early on wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast georgia that authorities said began when a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic . those killed were traveling on interstate 16 near savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash .
davion navar henry only , 16 , had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars in 2013 . in 2013 he stood before his florida church to beg for someone to adopt him . now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker .
in your generous double room you would be afforded access to a newly refurbished kitchen and a stone 's throw from transport into the city . in an advert posted on gumtree , the rather honest letting agent has posted candid pictures of the cracked ceiling in the otherwise smart , modern and generous bedroom . the price ? a mere # 400 a month .
judge john koeltl said in a decision made public tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the first amendment . he said he was sensitive to the metropolitan transportation authority 's claim that the poster could incite violence and appreciates the efforts necessary to prevent violent attacks targeting jewish people .
huge hole opened up on earl street , northampton , at about 2pm on thursday . police quickly closed off the road to avoid anyone falling into the hole . a barmaid from the charles bradlaugh pub , opposite the hole , said it ` gave way really slowly ' .
delta said ' a small number of customers ' on flight 271 from paris to newark complained of nausea and possible minor injuries and were checked out by emergency medical technicians . a boston ems spokeswoman said two people were taken to massachusetts general hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries after the unscheduled landing at logan airport in boston . during high winds , the plane was unable to land at jfk in new york but this also proved too difficult .
air travel , ground transportation , planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip . the inside of the aircraft features leather flat-bed seats , which are the work of italian design iacobucci . inside the aircraft , the clip shows off the all-white interior and leather leather interior .
brad pitt and angelina jolie pitt allegedly booked out an entire floor of the distinctly mainstream hilton malta . the 410-room five-star hotel boasts views over the twinkling blue waters of the mediterranean , a relaxation suite , two squash courts and a floodlit tennis court .
the boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at bennett elementary in bennett , colorado last week . his mother , who was only identified as alicia , said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his std testing . the school yard does not have surveillance cameras or fences .
ed miliband will today pledge to ` restore britain 's commitment ' to eu . in rare foreign policy speech , he will pledge to embrace eu in bid to secure reforms . comments echo controversial intervention this month by tony blair . party announced it would make it a bank holiday in england today .
the long-awaited trailer for the film to be released this september plays james ` white ' bulger - the notorious boston gangster who topped the fbi 's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011 . the trailer was one of several warner bros screen at cinemacon on thursday , and the creepy two-minute clip was a highlight of the day .
the waitress told the new zealand herald that she published the details of john key 's behaviour , which she experienced while she was working at a cafe in auckland . the 26-year-old , an employee at rosie cafe which is frequented by mr key and his wife , recounted on the daily blog how the prime minister kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year . but following the publication of the blog on wednesday , she said he had
a new ask reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive . ` do n't call me an inspiration . be your own damn inspiration , ' one user wrote , amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day . many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be ` praised ' for doing normal things , like going to university .
belle gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness . she founded the whole pantry - a book and app which over 300,000 people have downloaded . belle 's story caused us even to downplay the rumours and suspicions of sceptics within the medical community as the fabric of her brave fight against cancer began to unravel .
ivan milat , australia 's most notorious serial killer , could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers . the revelation includes first-hand evidence from milat 's older brother , boris , into the killer 's ` secret victim ' . the program also puts mr milat face-to-face with the ` wrong man ' .
patrick fredricksen , 30 , has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter . he had already used the bus 's on-board list of children 's names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl , they added . he is also expected to face a charge of damaging a prison after breaking a sprinkler pipe inside his cell and flooding the booking area .
masood mansouri , 33 , is accused of kidnap , rape and sexual assault . the woman , mother to a three-year-old girl , managed to escape by hiding in bushes , before getting another taxi to the club . she was interviewed by police , but five days later took an overdose of her mother 's blood pressure tablets and died .
the animal is pictured vying for a large deer bone as he crosses a frozen lake in furen in japan . while the fox appears to have some success fending off a flock of crows when a pair of eagles turn up he soon finds out he has taken on more than he can handle .
michael david ikeler , 36 , of torrance , has been arrested and charged over the abduction of a two-year-old girl from a car wash earlier this month . the girl , who has not been identified , was found alone and naked in the dark parking lot of jim 's burgers , 13 miles away , after being spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster . she was crying and had obvious injuries on her legs and that she was putting her hands over her eyes .
institute for fiscal studies said ed miliband 's ` vague ' promise to balance books would allow labour to borrow # 90billion more than the tories by 2020 . this would rise to # 280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if labour remained in power . david cameron said assessment showed labour 's failure to control borrowing would leave britain ` less well placed to deal with future adverse events ' .
kimberley donoghue broke her leg and a bone in her foot just four days before her wedding . the 28-year-old was wheeled into church and sat down to say her vows . ironically , the accident when she was preparing for the day was the result of a broken leg .
the slants , who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term . because it is disparaging , a u.s. appeals court ruled on monday . the decision could have implications for the high-profile . fight over whether the national football league 's washington . redskins should lose its trademarks .
tom sturridge has been best known as the long-haired hipster who finally tamed sienna miller . but this year it looks as though the 29-year-old actor could be set to become more famous than his a-list fiancee . not only is the london-born actor wowing the west end in american buffalo , he 's about to step into the costume drama void left by aidan turner 's poldark .
bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , 24 , faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and the fbi announced on wednesday that a $ 20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest . a federal criminal complaint said that patel was last seen at a hotel near newark international airport shortly after his wife was killed on april 12 . he reportedly has his india-issued passport with him .
a young woman found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket giant coles in caboolture , north of brisbane . she pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner . snake catchers 24/7 richie gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away .
channel 4 presenter krishnan guru-murthy tried to ask actor robert downey jr about his drug-taking past . after questioning the 50-year-old actor as to whether he had managed to fight his demons the actor said : ` i 'm sorry , i really do n't ... what are we doing ? ' .
ashton taylor , 21 , from perth , was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in july 2013 . she said not even an apology from whole pantry founder belle gibson would cut it for her . her comments follow the admission from the lying health guru and wellness blogger that she had made up her story about having brain cancer .
ashley stewart and his wife felicity found a baby male kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013 . two years on , the curious and friendly joey they have dubbed ` dusty ' is now so comfortable living with the couple and their dogs . dusty rides around the property in the back of mr stewart 's truck along with the dogs , sleeps with them on a dog bed , eats with them , asks for scratches , and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can
benidorm , dating to the 1960s , wants same recognition as other ` world wonders ' like stonehenge , the taj mahal and the great wall of china . sociology professor mario gaviria , the force behind the application , argues that benidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all .
deborah roberts , 53 , forced tissue into phyllis hadlow 's mouth in attempt to silence her in front of other nursing staff at kent and canterbury hospital . she also poured water over the dementia patient , telling other staff : ` my son said if they do it to you , you can do it ' .
rafa huq , who is standing for ed miliband 's party in a key marginal seat in west london , said fellow candidates who had turned down the cash were ` sticking their noses up ' at mr blair . even accused mailonline of ` picking on her ' when she was quizzed about the donation at a hustings debate last night .
the blaze took place at a building located on a flint intersection , and started at about 1pm . a strip club used to be housed at the site , fire officials told the news outlet . only the building itself and a few nearby power lines were affected . the site was not a vacant facility , the officials also said .
alice smellie asked industry experts to find out if it 's really vital to buy new supplies for summer ... or can we ignore the marketing ploys and dig out supplies that have been lurking at the back for years ? there can be few of us who have n't dug out half-full bottles of spf30 from the previous year or , indeed , many years past . but a recent survey revealed that almost three-quarters of uk holidaymakers are at risk of uv exposure because
couple caught on pin-hole camera stealing 80-year-old man 's savings . they convinced victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons . but two hours later they were filmed using same cards , laughing and joking as they stole # 150 from a cash machine in coventry .
the 6ft 5in , 330lb nfl player is a regular user of the taxi app . he also took to twitter to explain the decision . francis plans to work for the $ 40billion taxi firm during the sport 's off-season - a rare occurrence considering the money that professional players earn today .
boko haram has pledged allegiance to isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi . images show the jihadis casually posing in front of terror group 's sinister black and white flag . release came as nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes invaded islamist 's final stronghold in the country .
penny davison , 59 , the ex-wife of a professional gambler and racehorse trainer , has launched a bid for a bigger slice of his legacy . he made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses . when he died aged 73 , he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in surrey which had been valued at # 4.25 million . but before he died , he and his second wife penny fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for
marana police officer michael rapiejko told investigators it was either ` shoot him or run him over ' . video sparked fierce debate on use of deadly force in marana , arizona . but officer rapiejo said valencia had left him with no other choice than to use potentially lethal force .
keepers at the columbus zoo say ten-year-old irisa had mated before but never conceived . this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant with triplets . while the birth on tuesday morning went smoothly , irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator .
a new quinnipiac university poll found only 38 per cent of americans believe hillary clinton is honest and trustworthy . part of it will involve the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments . the murky picture also includes tens of millions of dollars bill clinton collected in speaking fees from companies that saw their fortunes rise because of u.s. state department actions .
brendan cordina , 36 , drove for four days to find his grandfather 's medals . but on his arrival at the darwin military museum , he was refused the medals and told they ` were more important to the museum ' . the museum instead offered to send mr cordina replicas to which he was outraged .
eva saadvakass , from kazakhstan , became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes . the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress .
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden where she was raped by the man . she will speak out in tonight 's episode of crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams .
yamini karanam , 26 , a student at indiana university , was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain after noticing she was struggling to comprehend things she had read . surgeons operating to extract what they believed to be an embryonic twin , complete with bone , hair and teeth . known by its medical name , a brain teratoma , the growth is very rare . indeed , dr hrayr shahinian , the expert at the skullbase institute in los angeles who
barry bonds broke hank aaron 's long-standing career record of 755 homers in 2007 , finished that season with 762 and was indicted that december for his testimony before a grand jury . now 50 , bonds said ' i am excited about what the future holds for me as i embark on the next chapter ' .
alex vella , 61 , has failed to stop the government 's cancellation of his visa while he was overseas , leaving him stranded in malta . the federal court ruled this week that vella be prohibited from returning after the government cancelled the rebels bikie gang president 's visa . vella is the longtime boss of the rebels , which federal court documents obtained by daily mail australia say are involved in drug dealing , money laundering , extortion , threatening law enforcement officers and intimidating court witnesses
the service , called ` project fi , ' debuted today , about two months after google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones . each gigabyte of data will cost $ 10 a month and means a customer could sign up for a plan offering three gigabytes of data and get $ 20 back if only one gigabyte was used in a month .
the alarm failed at the former president 's houston residence in september 2013 and even though the secret service bought a replacement system in january 2014 , it took until december for it to be installed . it came despite an agent 's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm , which was installed in 1993 , be replaced because it ` had exceeded its life cycle ' . the request was denied for an unknown reason .
the three men , who are in their 50s are all from the york area . ms lawrence was 35 when she vanished on march 18 , 2009 . her father , peter , reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work . detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s from york in march .
the duke-led study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change -lrb- ipcc -rrb- . projected temperature change from 2081-2100 by the ipcc are projected to be wrong . if not properly explained and accounted for , they may skew the reliability of climate models and lead to over-interpretation of short-term temperature trends .
nearly 3.8 million crimes were recorded by police last year . record number of rapes and other sex crimes logged up by a third . but experts say rise was partly because victims were ` more willing ' to report crimes . convictions of rolf harris and stuart hall have encouraged people to feel justified in coming forward .
the australian air transport safety bureau -lrb- atsb -rrb- released its report on wednesday into the ` wheels up landing ' on december 12 , 2014 . the unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat cessna 310 aircraft , registered vh-tbe , with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers . despite this , the report also found the pilot was ` relatively new to the c-310 ' and unfamiliar with the
marissa holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was fired from popeyes in channelview , texas , on march 31 . the robber managed to get $ 400 from the till , which popeyes said is too much money to have kept in the register . she has now been offered her job back , but is unsure whether to take it .
kate , 33 , is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days . william 's wife already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother . parenting blogger emily-jane clark has compiled a list of the ways that a mother can cope with caring for two kids under two .
the auschwitz-birkenau state museum , in oświęcim , poland , is becoming a popular tourist destination . it said there have been more than 250,000 visitors so far this year , a rise of more than 40 per cent compared with the same period last year . site has urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to prevent that from happening .
ben thurlow attacked emergency worker rebecca hudson while she tended to his wound that he had picked up after being assaulted on a night out in driffield , east yorkshire . the 23-year-old , who was suffering from a suspected concussion , shoved her as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance where he was being treated . but on the journey to hull royal infirmary once again attacked her by knocking her over .
carrie reichert , 43 , says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw prince harry playing strip billiards during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago . in an excerpt from the upcoming in the eye of the royal story , she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was ' .
sir david walker defended the bank 's decision to pay out # 1.86 billion in bonuses , including packages of more than # 1million to 359 employees . shareholders are reeling from big losses in their investments and pension funds as barclays ' share price has plunged since the financial crisis .
gareth blanks , 31 , was walking home after buying a chocolate bar . he was approached by three men and one woman at around 8.30 pm on april 17 . when he tried to retrieve the garment , he was pushed to the ground , and one of the males punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and across his body . mr blanks is now recovering at his home in truro , cornwall , but his family say it will take a long time to recover ,
jamie jewitt , 24 , and henry rogers , 22 , both admit that when they were in their teens , their self-esteem was at rock bottom . henry was a student and working part-time as an electronic salesman . after shedding the pounds and slimming down to 12st , he landed a job at abercrombie & fitch .
many nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of new york city . some refer to cities ' environment , others to the industry found in the city . flights company just the flight have researched city nicknames all over the world . it stemmed from a street known as block 16 that became famous in the early 1900s for selling alcohol and for offering prostitution .
romanian company mb telecom has revealed the roboscan 2m aeria . it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside . the device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb . but the radiation it emits emits is not safe for passengers yet . the company says this ` gap ' in aviation security can be plugged .
tesco under pressure to axe 200 stores on top of 100 already closed or cancelled . loss is largest ever declared by a british retailer and reflects seismic shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets towards smaller budget stores . however families no longer want to do a big , weekly shop in a soul-less hypermarket .
wesley burton , a father-of-three , was killed in a hit-and-run in berkeley , california , in the early hours of saturday morning . the 36-year-old had worked at kpfa for 20 years , co-hosting the sideshow radio and after hours music shows . his wife lucrecia has made a tearful plea for anyone with information to come forward and speak to the police .
the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items they are no longer allowed to wear . news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .
four burly swedish cops put their new york city vacation on hold to answer the call of duty on a manhattan subway train last night . the friends were on their way to see les misérables on broadway , and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train . ` we 're no heroes , just tourists , ' makrus Åsberg , a 25-year-old officer with the police uppsala , sweden ,
miriam gonzalez durantez claims right-wing tories probably want to kick her out . spanish lawyer said she had been ` religiously paying taxes ' in uk for 10 years . comes after mr clegg warned ` bandwagons of the far right ' are encircling an ` increasingly hapless conservative leadership ' .
bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece . it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer , largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries .
bodycam footage released this week shows donald allen , 66 , pointing a loaded , 22-caliber pistol at officer brian barnett , 25 . then shoots allen dead after he comes at him with the gun , making threatening statements as he does. the camera was malfunctioning and it was recovered but the audio was not .
james rebanks studied at the university of oxford before returning to his roots in the lake district . he was born into a job from which , now in his 40s , he takes infinite pride . every year , spring and autumn feel like flimsy bookends to a long , harsh winter , and his herdwick sheep descended .
janice baker kinney , marcella tate , and autumn burns held a press conference on thursday morning in los angeles , california . their attorney gloria allred , who represents most of cosby 's accusers , said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian 's upcoming shows . they also claim to have been abused by cosby . cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations , which have prompted him to cancel a number of upcoming stops
author jon krakauer fopr 's new book , missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town , has been branded in the media america 's rape capital . he argued that rape allegations were not unique to the picturesque town nestled in the rocky mountains .
chelsea clinton issued a pointed defense of her family foundation on thursday after allegations surfaced that it reaped millions from foreign countries that had issues pending before her mother when she was secretary of state . ` what the clinton foundation has said is that we will be even more transparent ' in the wake of the scandalous claims , said chelsea . the foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it would n't return money it has already collected .
eloise parry , 21 , ` burned up from the inside ' after swallowing highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol , or dnp . after taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat . her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online .
chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising . a generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use . instead , the detergent and water may need to be added and drained before more water being added for a rinse cycle . the invention could also find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable supplies of electricity .
thenga adams , flying from guyana in south america , was arrested after customs at jfk in new york searched the sneakers in his luggage . when customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $ 30,000 worth of cocaine , say airport officials . adams faces federal drug smuggling charges .
baby opens all ten lips when he is sucking from his mother 's udders . he is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born . shocked locals have called the calf nandi - a nickname for lord krishna . it can also mean ` one who pleases others ' .
kate brower , an american journalist assigned to cover the obama white house , became intrigued by the workings of the mansion . set about interviewing the staff , who number at least 100 , to build up a comparable picture of the american version of upstairs , downstairs . most of them have stayed there for 20 years or more .
aimee craven , of hull , had claimed tesco product worth # 20 was abandoned . but british transport police trawled through cctv footage to track down 32-year-old care worker before taking her off train in brough . miss craven has been told it is likely she will receive a caution for theft .
patriotic countrymen and women turned out in their finest red and white today to enjoy st george 's day celebrations . veteran parades and morris men were seen across the country with spectators draped in flags cheering them on . with temperatures of around 20c in parts of the country , planned outdoor events were able to go forward .
brett robinson , 33 , will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct . robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect . the report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ` vulnerable , passive and gullible ' .
all three of the main parties ' education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next education secretary sending their children to private school . tristram hunt , labour 's shadow education secretary answered first and said ` yes . in certain circumstances ' . he also confirmed labour could fire thousands of ` unqualified ' teachers across the state sector .
florida photographer kristina bewly took her 4-year-old daughter giselle to the florida theme park for the first time last september . they have been returning every month since . each time the family visits she puts on a new princess bought by her mother .
ukip insist st george would have been welcomed to britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer . but economic spokesman patrick o'flynn faced questions on whether it is one that 's in short supply for the british economy . party said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country .
the 50-foot whale was still on the pacifica state beach on wednesday after washing up on the sand the week before . before the tide came in , beachgoers took photos of where ` east bay rats motorcycle club ' was on the whale . it 's unclear how the whale died but it does n't appear to have broken bones or signs of blunt force trauma .
the deadliest migrant tragedy on the mediterranean so far took this year 's death toll on the waters to a staggering 1,800 . it came as three other people - including a tiny child - died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the greek island of rhodes .
six men captured on cctv as they carried out bold raid in london 's diamond district . gang used power tool to cut through wall of secured vault where they raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of precious gems . police offering # 20,000 reward for information leading to arrest and conviction of those involved in the raid .
tyus byrd , who is black , was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate randall ramsey . two of those individuals - trish cohen , parma 's former assistant police chief , and rich medley - recently spoke to nbc news . cohen has said she and medley feared for their safety , and their home addresses had been shared online by byrd 's family members .
hillsborough investigators launch appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 hillsborough disaster . it comes at the request of some of the victims ' families , said officials , with officers having been previously unable to identify the individuals in the images . they form part of an ongoing home office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster .
lizzi crawford , 32 , from stoke-on-trent , tipped the scales at 20 stone when she overheard the young bus passenger ask his mum : ` has she got a baby in her belly ? ' . inspired her to ditch her unhealthy lifestyle and shed the pounds , slimming down to a healthier 12.5 st .
bill gates , founder of microsoft and philanthropist , says the world 's demand for meat can be met with ` moderation and innovation ' . he also explains that some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated . scientists have already cooked up the first test tube beef burger . but now researchers in israel are working on the first lab-grown chicken .
the made-to-measure pink croc hermes birkin bag comes embellished with rubies . the rare tote is so exclusive it ca n't even be brought in store and experts say it 's an extremely good investment . hermes is one of the most expensive handbags in the world .
european parliament set to vote on whether to force producers of alcoholic drinks to display nutritional value on their labels in december . winemakers say introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs , and hit smaller vineyards . but representatives of the european wine industry say the regulation would be devastating for smaller producers .
mary doyle keefe , the telephone operator who inspired millions , passed away on tuesday after a brief illness , her family said . she became the poster girl for american women when she shot to fame by posing for norman rockwell 's iconic painting as a 19-year-old telephone operator .
armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning new role as it project manager . but after spending spree on trip , armstrong was stopped at airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage . court heard how stun gun was capable of administering an electrical discharge which would cause a victim to ` startle and repel ' .
bbc accused of launching left-wing stitch-up on david cameron . host chris smith was also accused of being hostile towards the prime minister . listeners accused programme of ` leftist hostility ' and branded it ` disgusting ' . prime minister asked to rule out deal with northern ireland 's dup .
adam gadahn , a former little leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for osama bin laden , was born in oregon as adam pearlman . he converted to islam at the age of 17 . gadahn was killed in a drone strike in january , the white house acknowledged on thursday .
chancellor warns of a ` dangerous cocktail ' if ed miliband is at the mercy of snp leader nicola sturgeon . claims it would spark a ` constitutional crisis ' if scottish nationalist mps held balance of power in the uk government . unveiled # 140bn ` ransom note ' for britain to drag labour to the left .
bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran could face a firing squad within days after indonesian officials sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners . the australian embassy has been summoned to nusakambangan island - where the executions will be carried out - on saturday or tuesday . chan was arrested on april 17 , 2005 in bali for planning to smuggle .
william hilton paul , 22 , was driving a 2006 honda ridgeline at 11.24 am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car , in lexington , kentucky . witnesses said paul was ` revving his engine ' while sitting alone in the truck . paul failed a field sobriety test , reported lexington police .
study by lancashire 's edge hill university and the university of south australia has charted a direct link between anxiety and performance . pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious . femail has enlisted the help of michael ribton , principal at burlington danes academy in west london .
tv channel e4 will shut down for 12 hours on the day of the general election . specially-produced advert will be played featuring ` darren ' - the man fictionally in charge of keeping e4 on air . radical move could have a significant impact on the election with the advert set to be seen by millions of potential voters .
dr arfon williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices in north wales . his surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service . he said difficulties recruiting gps is a national issue , adding they are exploring a number of options .
counterterrorism agencies have arrested two suspected australian terrorists in turkey on thursday . it happened a day after turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with australia . the new agreement was also initiated to close the turkish border to radicalised australians and have them sent back to face possible jail terms .
some firemen have not been trained in basic first aid -- yet they are being left to care for seriously ill elderly patients for hours while they wait for an ambulance to arrive . fire brigades union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous but is becoming increasingly common because the ambulance service is so overstretched .
justine jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of tesco finest garnacha wine to celebrate her daughter 's birthday . her mother jan jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter abi 's 18th birthday and they had poured a glass to toast the occasion . despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with , the family were shocked when they inspected it further .
footage was released by chinese traffic police last week in attempt to warn the public of the dangerous stunts that could be seen on the roads . traffic authorities in eastern china said they were shocked when spotting this scene on cctv footage , according to the people 's daily online online online .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980 . but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . after his murder charges were formally dismissed yesterday , he said he was hoping to return to a normal life .
first eruption in over four decades sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air . another unexpected eruption in los lagos region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated . previous and equally violent eruptions at calbuco have continued for up to a week , according to a volcanologist .
footage shows the light general aviation aircraft approaching the aero acres residential airpark in fort pierce , florida . despite the fact the aerostar plane travels at speed , its descent towards the landing strip appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation . its propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact .
eu regulations on organic aquaculture are set to be brought into national law in non-eu norway . british and norwegian vets have called the directives ` scientifically illiterate ' . this has been criticised by the norwegian veterinary association -lrb- nva -rrb- .
the study , by paris-based organisation for economic cooperation and development used data from lisbon in portugal . by plugging the data into a computer model , they simulated how such self-driving , communal cabs would affect traffic . even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport , the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent .
navinder singh sarao , 36 , is accused of making # 26million from illegal trades over five years and an investigation team involving six agencies in the us and britain want him put on trial in new york . but analysts are bewildered that it 's taken this long for action to be taken .
the 72-year-old was arrested in march the day before the finale of an hbo docu-series about him . durst , who faces a murder charge in an unrelated california case , remains jailed without bond in louisiana . authorities said he had a gun and marijuana in his room .
the duchess of cambridge is extremely close to her 31-year-old sister pippa middleton . the pair are also best friends who spend as much time together as possible , femail reveals . miss middleton is a regular visitor to kensington palace and anmer hall .
scientists at the university of wisconsin-la crosse have warned that bikram yoga , which involves performing 26 poses , can raise a person 's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels . a typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40 °c -lrb- 105 °f -rrb- , with 40 per cent humidity . before taking part in a session each volunteer swallowed a core body temperature sensor , and was given a heart-rate monitor
prime minister looked exhausted as he stepped off sleeper train at penzance today ahead of a speech in which he delivered his ` plan for cornwall ' . conservatives are battling against their coalition partners in the south-west as they seek to wrest control of key constituencies from the liberal democrats . but mr cameron is still trailing ed miliband 's labour party nationally , with just 14 days to go until polling day .
barry beavis , 48 , got # 85 fine in april 2013 when he overstayed by 56 minutes in a private car park at the riverside retail park in chelmsford , essex . but appeal court judges decided the size of the fine was neither ` extravagant or unconscionable ' . motoring groups reacted in fury to the decision , accusing the judges -- who are thought to earn more than # 200,000 a year -- of being ` out of touch ' .
a staff member in doyle 's washington d.c. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted capitol police . the tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of room 239 of the cannon house office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on wednesday . the white substance was cause for concern after powdered anthrax was mailed to members of congress in 2001 following the september 11 attacks .
camerley-based acro aircraft seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat . the ` series 7 ' seat has hand-stitched leather armrests , an aluminium chassis and composite materials . passengers who are willing to pay a little extra for a seat in premium economy -- which brings more legroom .
ana figueroa , 55 , has spoken out for the first time since her son nicholas , 23 , died in a gas explosion on new york city 's 2nd avenue last month . the young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi restaurant when three buildings were destroyed . her upper east side family , which includes her father nixon , 52 , and his three younger brothers brandon , neal and tyler , says it still `
paul converted to christianity after experiencing a bright light and a divine voice while he traveled on a road towards damascus in syria in 2013 . scientists have already uncovered more than 12 pieces from lake chebarkul since the february 15 incident . the fireball measuring 18 meters across screamed into earth 's atmosphere at 41,600 mph .
david cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration , ` fears and worries remain . let me reassure you , i want to set out exactly the choice before you on may 7 . i am not one of those politicians who says they ` get ' how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private .
the 23-year-old founder of the whole pantry app came clean about her circumstances , telling the australian women 's weekly , ` none of it 's true ' . in the interview , gibson asked her former fans and customers who purchased her app and books to see her as only ` human ' . lamble has not treated gibson personally but said , in her professional opinion , she believes gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality
matt dunford , 30 , bombarded brazilian model amanda branco with 50 messages a day and tried to blackmail her out of # 5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down . when she refused to pay the bodybuilder , he mocked-up an escort website profile on facebook and sent it to her mother and sister . dunford failed to appear at hammersmith magistrates ' court in february but was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his
theresa dybalski , a retired insurance company from lackawanna , new york , won $ 1million off a scratch-off lottery ticket given to her in a birthday card . she plans to share her winnings with her family members of her friend , who has not been named .
the image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called westerlund 2 inside a stellar ` breeding ground ' called gum 29 , 20,000 light-years from earth . in the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars . hubble was launched on 24 april 1990 aboard space shuttle discovery .
the british can take credit for uniting two continental imports and creating a coupling that is loved the world over . one hundred and fifty years ago , in 1860 , on the streets of the east end of london , 13-year-old jewish boy called joseph malin had the bright idea of combining fried fish with chips .
amelia morton , 23 , from birmingham , weighed 12-and-a-half stone . she was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father : ` boys do n't fancy fat girls ' . the trainee teacher put on more than three stone in her first term alone .
stacey tipler , 33 , used her job to steal # 642,000 from the royal marsden nhs trust which she spent on designer shopping sprees , mortgage payments and her planned wedding . but she and partner scott chaplin , 34 , were caught and both jailed last summer . judge anthony leonard qc said tipler had made # 54,852 from the scheme .
theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh . but at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun . she joined the congregation of jesus in january while taking first steps towards making vows of poverty , chastity and obedience .
south yorkshire police missed ` intelligence and investigative opportunities ' to tackle child sex exploitation in rotherham , a report has found . the police force did not use ` alternative strategies ' to protect victims or gather evidence , and failed to work effectively with local licencing and community safety officers . at least 1,400 children were abused in the town over 16 years .
robert bates , 73 , appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of eric harris . since the incident there have been allegations bates was not properly trained and it is now emerged that when previously confronted by other deputies over his behavior , he told them he could do whatever he wanted .
40 per cent of britons have lied about their earnings , spending , bills or credit cards . 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner 's finances . another four per cent admitting to lying in both ways . of those who downplayed their wages , the main reason was to spare the feelings of a partner who earned less .
photographer graeme whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the lyrid meteor shower . the strength of the showers vary from year to year and most years there are no more than five to 20 meteors an hour . lyrids are created by debris from comet thatcher which takes about 415 years to orbit around the sun .
candlestick park , which has been home to the san francisco giants and later the 49ers , has been torn down . in 55 years there was a lot of wind and a whole lot of fog , but there were also some remarkable moments thanks to the music of the beatles . the area is now set to become houses , a hotel and a shopping center .
barefoot louis tomlinson perches on the edge of a sofa as he appears to roll a joint in a shocking new picture obtained by daily mail online . the image shows the one direction member poised with the suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry , green weed-like substance and rolling paper . that same day he was photographed returning to his london hotel in a disheveled state clutching a glass of water .
the meteor shower , visible around the world but best seen from europe , has been observed for the past 2,700 years . photographers captured some remarkable pictures of the meteor at porthcurno beach in cornwall in the early hours of this morning . the cosmic show will continue on into saturday , so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors if you did n't last night .
the teacher , who had not been named , was teaching the fifth grade at hawthorne elementary in albuquerque , new mexico , when he made the chilling remark around a week ago . some students were so distressed by what they heard , that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher .
care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses . these include changing catheter and colostomy bags , feeding through a tube and even administering morphine . worrying conclusions come in a survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by trade union unison .
sgt. julian mcdonald , of columbus , ohio , welcomed 4-year-old layka , a belgian malinois , into his home this week . layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with sgt. mcdonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an ak-47 . despite being injured , layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory .
ellie laing , sbs news and current affairs director of sbs , was reported to be taking a more ` commercial ' approach to the network by hiring ` good-looking , female , anglo-celtic ' journalists . while carroll denies he is hiring based on these standards , many of the journalists hired since his appointment have fit the above bill .
experts say that shopping at ikea can be a serious source of friction between a couple , thanks to the high levels of stress caused by both activities . ramani durvasula , a clinical psychologist in santa monica , california , decided to include furniture assembly in her therapy sessions .
lawyers for brown 's mother , lesley mcspadden , and his father , michael brown sr. , announced wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day . the lawsuit would also name former officer darren wilson , who shot brown . wilson resigned in november .
richard symonds , 29 , is one of uk 's top administrators for the website . he was accused of using an anonymous user id to delete embarrassing facts . but yesterday it emerged he was a former lib-dem member . he once described himself as ` liberal democrat to the last ' .
janet and john brennan have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds turning barholm castle , in dumfries and galloway . they bought the 15th century fort , reputed to have been used by leader of scottish protestant reformation john knox as a hiding place . but now it is on the market for offers over # 695,000 even though at that price the couple will lose a six-figure sum .
pictures show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among ranks of armed forces around the world . one image shows fighters from the sawt al-haq -lrb- voice of rights -rrb- battalion of the free syrian army standing with their weapons . another shows female north korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of yalu river , near the town of sinuiju . images include a shot of us army soldier ssg norma gonzales of 426 civil affairs battalion
the animal became stuck in the quagmire during the night and was lying on her side in a state of desperation when locals came across her . using only ropes and wooden poles , more than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the wild asian elephant before she died of starvation , dehydration or exhaustion .
multi-millionaire richard harpin has given the tories # 375,000 since 2008 . revelation will raise fresh questions for david cameron over links to millionaire donors . mr harpin is the chief executive of homeserve -- the maintenance firm which styles itself as the uk 's ` fifth emergency service ' .
willa junior sat down with abc news for an interview , and says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at seattle-tacoma airport on april 13 . the airport worker , who appears to be in his early 20s according to facebook , would n't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane but says it used to be common practice : ' i mean when i first started the job , we took naps ' . since it was
security researchers have discovered a way to intercept a person 's biometric data after it is captured by a built-in scanner . tao wei and yulong zhang from security firm fireeye are expected to discuss their findings at this week 's rsa conference in san francisco . the vulnerability means that a hacker can access the kernel , or core , of the android operating system , up to and including android 4.4 . subsequently , anyone running android 5.0 or above are
farmer bruce cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he does n't take down his ` offensive ' hay bale structure . the sculpture depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull . mr cook put up his ` realistic ' artwork on good friday just for ' a bit of fun ' . he says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos .
ilha de mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water , with air-conditioned rooms to beat the sweltering heat . located off the costa verde , between rio de janeiro and sao paulo , the private island boasts stunning surroundings . with the main residence - priced from # 2,500 a night - can accommodate eight guests .
jade and aaron badland asked an asian family if they had ebola . they were too drunk to remember what they had done at the premier inn . mr badland , 24 , was wearing his army uniform during the drunken attack . he was also found guilty of racially aggravated harassment .
patrick revins , 49 , sold # 10-worth of the class a drug hidden in a kinder egg . detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs - as revins has ` p ' and ` r ' tattooed on either side of his forehead . revins admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail .
researchers at the university of bath and yale created the invention . it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel . lead research dr ulrich hintermair said the main problem with the production of hydrogen through a process known as water electrolysis was the waste oxygen it produces .
anne jarmain 's car was washed off the road when she tried to overtake a stalled car over flood waters in maitland . her family and friends are in shock , with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet , ` strong-willed ' woman to stay at home . police battled wild flood water as they searched for the women trapped in the car watch by the side of the floodwaters .
prime minister used a selfie stick for the first time during visit to cornwall . posed with telescopic device to take a photograph with staff at pirate fm . told staff that other world leaders have selfie sticks , including pm of finland . mr cameron was presented with cornish t-shirts emblazoned ` if you can smell my pasty , you 're too close ' .
the man was located after operation resolve launched the appeal on thursday morning in the hope that the supporters might be able to supply crucial evidence for the ongoing inquest . photographs which show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy were released , with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to come forward . they form part of an ongoing home office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster which claimed the lives of 96 liverpool fans .
unite barons gave more than # 700,000 to ed miliband 's party in second week . overall , labour received # 1.1 million in donations between april 6 and april 12 . most of the tory cash came from wealthy individuals , who handed over # 460,000 .
kate , 22 , appeared on the cover of the 2012 sports illustrated swimsuit issue , lives by the abc rule : no alcohol , bread or processed carbohydrates . she eats lean and green meals every day , with only the occasional ` cheat day ' , where she indulges in salty fried food .
julie ronayne was left ` looking like michelin man ' following hysterectomy . her husband edward was awarded # 9,000 due to the nervous shock he suffered when he saw his wife 's new appearance . the nhs is now fighting to overturn the payout , fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation .
nicole p. eramo said in an open letter wednesday to the magazine 's publisher , jann s. wenner , that the magazine has not done enough to make amends . the magazine furthered its ` malicious and false allegations by accompanying the article with a cartoonish picture of me doctored to appear as though i was smiling and giving a `` thumbs up '' to a crying victim ' . after the columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding
fifa m. maacaron 's book , natural beauty alchemy , contains over 100 ingredients which treat all-manner of skincare ailments such as acne , oil and dryness . the 36-year-old author uses full-fat cream cheese in a face mask , which supposedly quenches the skin .
officer ben johnson , who has been on the force four years , was answering reports of a drunk woman inside deluxe nails at a strip mall in red rock , texas . when he arrived , he contained 27-year-old viviana keith , who was walking toward her car , and began handcuffing her . johnson claims the woman started resisting him , forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down , however video taken on his cash cam and by a person
a reuters investigation that revealed the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents . the discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid bill to speak while their countries were doing official business .
tiffany williams and jessica versey , both 19 , became close friends during their treatment and went into remission around the same time . they then took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of miss versey 's bald head and another of her chest scar - but these were reported for being ` offensive ' . miss william 's was cleared of hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month and regularly documented her struggle with losing hair during chemotherapy on facebook .
stephen munden , 54 , was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . he is described as about 5ft 8ins tall , of a heavy build , and has dark hair . officers have launched a manhunt to find him who was detained under mental health act after sexually touching the girl .
australian prime minister tony abbott says the eu must ` urgently ' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the mediterranean . italian prime minister matteo renzi said his country was ` at war ' with migrant traffickers , describing them as ` the slave traders of the 21st century ' . they are expected to double funding and equipment for eu border-patrol missions off the north african coast . critics believe millions of impoverished africans and asians are happy
bahar mustafa , student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths , university in london , banned men and white people from a ` diversity ' meeting . the event , held on wednesday , sparked anger when she banned white people and non-binary people from an event to promote equality .
women diagnosed with breast cancer caused by the gene carried by angelina jolie could be helped to beat the disease if they have their ovaries removed . following the example of the hollywood star cuts their risk of dying from breast cancer by more than 60 per cent . if diagnosed , they face a severe threat of ovarian tumours .
president barack obama opened his speech on the south lawn by remarking ` that whole -lrb- deflategate -rrb- story got blown out of proportion ' . the president also quipped that he wished chicago could learn something from boston 's championship-winning ways .
facebook has launched a new app called hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear . it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user 's facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers . the free app is currently in testing and is only available on android devices in the us .
comcast is abandoning its bid to buy time warner cable for $ 45.2 billion and create a mega-size tv and internet provider , it was reported today . move comes after federal communications commission decided that merger was n't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists .
a russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans may have had flexible appendages and a complex nervous system . it seemingly puts to bed another theory that our ancestors were much more simple , worm-like creatures . one such creature can be seen at the centre of this illustration . they lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food .
photographs show maria sidorova and lidia fetisova hugging 650kg bear . organisers wanted to highlight importance of living ` side-by-side ' with bears . but in one picture , a model was shown wearing a fur coat in one shot . same model is seen wearing a swimming costume , clambered on top of stephen .
christian tyrrell , 22 , was arrested wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the march 19 death of 2-year-old adrian langlais . winkler and laura martinez considered themselves adrian 's grandparents , even though they were n't blood related to the little boy . in a heartbreaking interview with the star-telegram , the couple say the mother ignored them when they voiced concern . the agency closed the investigation in february , ruling out abuse from ad
london mayor has long been tipped as a future leader of the party . but he admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron named home secretary theresa may . mr johnson , running to become mp in uxbridge and south ruislip , said he would serve a ` full second term ' until 2020 .
nasa has put together a team of ` extraterrestrial experts ' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable . it says that amateur astronomers could help with its ` unprecedented ' search for et by accessing research data online . the initiative , dubbed nexus for exoplanet system science -lrb- nexss -rrb- , will include scientists from 10 universities including stanford , the university of california and yale .
private jet is a growing trend , with 2.5 million private flights recorded in the us in 2013 -lrb- the latest statistics -rrb- and 705,000 in europe . busiest weekends unsurprisingly occur during huge sporting events , with the super bowl in america and the monaco grand prix the priciest times of year .
charlene fritz , 35 , was visiting snow hill island in the antarctic peninsula as part of an expedition when she made an unusual friend . despite being no more than two months old , the elephant seal pup is still thought to have weighed around 200lbs , and ms fritz had a struggle sitting upright .
spain 's king felipe and queen letizia arrived at university of alcala de henares . new book claims king juan-carlos had a decade-long affair with a german socialite during the final decade of his reign . it also claimed that queen sofia kept a straight face as he approached photographers .
collette dinnigan has put her four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property on the market . the two-storey terrace home was built in 1880 and is set on 379 square metres of prime paddington real estate . the international designer and her husband carefully renovated the property to be ` very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style ' .
the video was filmed at an undisclosed location in china . the woman had allegedly been taking pictures of her children with her new iphone 6 plus when the old man passed through on his moped . he accidentally bumped into the woman 's shoulder and her phone fell on the ground , and the screen cracked .
bethune-cookman university student damian parks , 22 , was reported missing after going swimming with student s at 3am on sunday . his body was found monday morning . students who were with parks , who were all part of a step team called melodic stepping experience , said no hazing was involved .
baron len mccluskey boasted that the trade union movement ` owns ' the labour party . he declared and went on to say : ` these are our policies ... they are now within our grasp ' . comes only 24 hours after alex salmond bragged that he would be writing labour 's budget .
grade i listed walton canonry is on the south side of cathedral close boasts a view of the river avon . property agents say they 'll need to find someone with deep pockets to buy the 8,147 square foot mansion with 1.6 acres . but it 's nothing compared to the # 23.1 million that the tate paid in 2013 for the painting , inspired by oils he painted on many visits to the exclusive area in the 1820s .
institute for fiscal studies said none of the major parties had given ` anything like full details ' on how they will tackle the nations ' debts . tories accused of giving ` no detail ' about their deficit reduction plan . labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra # 26billion-a-year .
the pilot scheme is launching in munich next month and amazon has teamed up with audi and dhl to run the initiative . during the checkout process , prime customers will be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot , or trunk , of their car without needing to be near the vehicle . as soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically , and the code is revoked .
the 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting sawyer at his home . bruce - the ex-husband of kardashian matriarch kris jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the sawyer : ` it 's going to be an emotional rollercoaster , but somehow i 'm gon na get through it ' . the video then shoots to footage of bruce 's older children ; burt , 36 , and
charlotte s was an ss guard in the nazi death camps ravensbrück and auschwitz . she was remembered by survivors as a feared woman who beat prisoners and unleashed on them her alsatian dog . but only three have been investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder .
the variety theater was renowned for its rock concerts but everything changed in 1984 when heavy metal band motorhead played a gig so loud it literally began to bring the house down . as the crowd went wild over the group 's unique ear-shattering brand of music , the ceiling cracked and pieces of plaster began to fall on the audience . two years later a judge ordered the theater to be sealed off for good .
nicola sturgeon said her predecessor alex salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family . she also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians have had to endure over their appearance . the steely first minister made the remarks in the latest of five special programmes profiling the main party leaders with their families at home .
raju beefnah , 34 , parked his # 35,000 audi a5 outside dealership in february . he claims audi failed to resolve long-running complaint about engine . mr beefnah says he parked his car there as warning to other drivers . two months later , he has plastered his car with slogans and parked it .
stefania la greca , 36 , is a political candidate for the lega sud ausoni party . she is hoping to represent caldoro in campania , southern italy after may 's regional elections . but she defended her photographs , saying they were not an attempt to boost her election campaign .
getup 's new website , the gender price gap , has exposed that australian women are paying more than men for the same everyday consumer goods . this is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men . the exact same shirt advertised under the men 's clothing section is advertised for only $ 49.95 .
andrew stewart wood , 41 , from the uk , was arrested at orlando 's hard rock hotel in the early hours of tuesday . a guest reportedly told a security guard that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises . the guard located wood and saw him urinating into an ice machine . when he tried to stop him , wood became belligerent , began shouting and would not cooperate .
ali maffucci , 28 , lost 11 kg -lrb- 24 lbs -rrb- in three months through replacing pasta , bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables . after eating courgette noodles recommended by her mother , she quit her corporate job and began sharing healthy recipes with her readers .
omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , posts videos online under name abu sa'eed al-britani . last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes . in his latest video the former security guard accuses a fellow ` brother ' of running away from the frontline in syria ` when it was only him and me defending the post ' .
karlis bardelis , 30 , was attempting to scale the cliff in coire an lochain , scotland , when the accident happened . footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose . he continues to fall for three-and-a-half seconds until he 's eventually saved by his safety rope .
nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse working on his car . but while she was gone , the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle fell off its jack - crushing his chest . mr mayhew spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife to come home .
maurice van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . the wealthy nsw businessman is now allowed to sell his property to support his wife and pay off legals debts . his wife louise was at the court on thursday and successfully applied to alter a freezing order .
drape facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons in new york . dubbed a hydrafacial , the treatment costs around $ 150 -lrb- # 100 -rrb- and uses stem cell from an infant 's foreskin . described as a ` multi-step treatment that promises to erase wrinkles , reverse sun damage , lighten dark spots , and prevent acne ' .
james creag , 11 , suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria . it means he suffers from terrible sunburn when exposed to sunlight . but when strangers shouted out abuse such as ` chocolate face ' and ` you 're coloured ' because of his unusual appearance , he refused to wear it now .
meghan blalock , 29 , is the managing editor of popular style website who what wear . in a new article published on her website , the editor reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin and how being thinner did not equal being happier - though she admits that this is only something she has recently started coming to terms with .
controversial australian celebrity chef pete evans is under attack again with experts warning his ` reworked ' baby milk formula is dangerous to babies . dietitians have singled out a ` happy tummy brew ' in evans ' cookbook , bubba yum : the paleo way , for new mums , babies and toddlers , because it contains almost five times the maximum vitamin a dose for a baby . the original recipe for the ` brew ' contained more than 10 times the maximum
the 28-year-old girls star has penned an essay for seventeen magazine titled ` why i 'm on team weirdo for life ' . she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a ` regular ' girl by altering her appearance . tanya taylor is also a trailblazer designer .
archaeologists have discovered evidence that neanderthals regularly inhabited the cave of llenes , near senterada in catalonia , around 200,000 years ago . the remains of other canivores including cave bears , hyenas , leopards , wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently living there . it is hoped the discoveries will help scientists learn more about neanderthal behaviour and their relationship with the animals they co-existed with .
rhiannon taylor , 29 , from australia has travelled the world reviewing beds , pools and room service for her job . the melbourne-based photographer has turned her social media success into a growing company . she also works with companies who sell travel products , such as luggage and swimwear .
david cameron 's party has opened up four-point lead over ed miliband 's . tory vote share equals their highest since march 2012 , comres poll reveals . labour is on 32 per cent , ukip on ten per cent and the liberal democrats on five per cent .
former model jennifer sky , 38 , has reported that models are being asked to wear spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags , so they can clock in at a ` healthy ' weight . the pressure is on for agencies who can face a fines of up to $ 80,000 and six months in prison for employing too-thin models .
john moore 's poignant photographs of the outbreak in liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people 's daily lives were destroyed and families decimated by the deadly disease . the sony world photography award winners were announced at a gala in london last night where mr moore . his images were named the best from a group of first place winners that included architecture , arts and culture , conceptual , contemporary and landscapes .
thibaud jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , pleaded guilty to animal cruelty after footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire on april 3 . the pair were ordered to pay $ 4000 and were told they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines . animal rights activists have claimed that the pair 's punishment was too lenient for their crime .
police in texas unleashed their cowboy skills this week after a pony broke loose on the highway . the incident took place around 10am on tuesday along interstate 35w in fort worth , with traffic backed up as a result . sheriffs were eventually able to corral the pony and return him to his owner .
former cia director avoided jail time at the hearing in charlotte , north carolina on thursday and was instead sentenced to two years probation . he was also fined $ 100,000 - more than double the $ 40,000 his attorneys had requested . petraeus was wearing his wedding ring but there was no sign of his wife , holly .
bingo hall toilets tested positive for traces of class a drugs . another had traces of crack cocaine , a more dangerous form of the drug . majority of attendees are elderly , and discoveries mirror spike in oaps being treated for drug abuse . news comes as hospital figures reveal spike in drug abuse among elderly .
janet street-porter reveals her list of the things that are making us unhappy . god forbid you get close enough to snog anyone sprouting a beard that makes them look like a sixties folk singer or an extra from a remake of moses . every night these simpering females appear on local tv news bulletins .
adele adkins has topped the young music rich list again , earning # 5million in the last year . it has been almost four years since her last album but that has not stopped her from earning # 50million . the singer has retained her place at the top of the list of britain 's richest musicians under the age of 30 .
frail and tired of leading a secret life for four decades , clarence david moore called police this week to surrender . moore escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life , living in kentucky since at least 2009 . his health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking .
warning : graphic content . shocking images were taken in isis-held territory in homs and show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis . huge , bloodthirsty crowds are seen in the desert clearing where the group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their ` sins ' .
a 14-year-old british boy has been remanded in custody after appearing in court today . the boy is thought to be the youngest person charged with islamist-related terror offences in the uk . he is said to have incited an australian teenager , sevdet besim , to behead , run over or shoot a police officer in a ` lee rigby style ' massacre during a ceremony for fallen soldiers .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show wednesday evening and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes . after fallon told governor christie he ` looked great , ' the new jersey politician asked him ; ` if i look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? ' . then , to make amends , fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream . the ice cream , the tonight dough , was named after the show by ben &
bright yellow gatso had previously enforced 30mph speed limit . but it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands . speed enforcement operations carried out by small number of mobile camera units , fixed cameras on motorways and traffic officers on patrol .
bettie jo , from houston , texas , lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce . she was unable to care for herself , meaning josh had to do everything for her . josh has admitted he did n't support the 24-year-old with her bid to lose weight .
the celebrity chef , who lives in los angeles with his actress wife lindsay price and their two boys , hudson , 3 , and emerson , 7 months , is not about to let junk food pass their mouths . he says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food .
one in seven u.s. residents will be an immigrant by 2023 , report says . that number could rise to one in five by 2060 , when immigrant population reaches 78 million . net immigration will steadily increase over the next 45 years , totaling at 64million . without a change to immigration policty , immigrants who arrive in the future and their descendants could account for three quarters of the nation 's population .
the grand adventure promises to deliver up and close personal moments with some of the world 's most elusive and enchanting wildlife . each safari can be taken separately , but also as an epic world tour over 203 days , taking them through africa , asia and the indian subcontinent .
jamelia said obese women ` should feel uncomfortable ' about their size . the panellist said she was ` hounded on twitter ' after airing her views . now the plus-size industry has taken to social media to share their views . jamelia believes that jamelia 's message to women is incredibly disturbing .
scientists in the netherlands were using the lofar radio telescope . they found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays . a storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres . the method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds . the experiment was conducted using the low-frequency array -lrb- radio telescope -rrb- .
residents and tourists in venice have for years delighted in their local , laid-back fizz . but here in britain prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne . last year uk sales overtook those of champagne for the first time -- # 181.8 million compared with # 141.3 million .
andrew hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic and assaulted others at john radcliffe hospital oxford . the 29-year-old was convicted of 23 separate charges last month . he was taken into custody at oxford crown court and is due to be sentenced next week .
university of huddersfield researchers have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins . identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes , meaning that until now it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from . but the problem has been solved by a team of british researchers . they claim they can now identify the difference between each twin .
carl bradey , 25 , rescued a three-year-old girl from a raging house fire in palmerston north rental property last month . he smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend , suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm . the fire took fire fighters 30 minutes to extinguish .
andrew steele pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the august 22 shooting deaths of his wife , ashlee steele , and her sister , kacee tollefsbol . defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged steele 's brain , making him not criminally responsible for the deaths . steele had been diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last june .
prime minister manuel valls today revealed five terrorist attacks have been foiled in france since the charlie hebdo massacre in january . sid ahmed ghlam , 24 , was allegedly preparing to storm catholic churches with an armoury of weapons , including kalashnikov assault rifles . dna evidence also reportedly links ghlam to the murder of aurelie chatelain , 33 , a fitness instructor who shot himself in the leg .
alison saunders , director of public prosecutions , said she was ` not afraid ' of a legal challenge because she is convinced the labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia . in her first interview since she announced lord janner would not face trial she refused to quit because ` making the right decision is not a resigning issue ' . victims and leading politicians have accused her of ` damaging public confidence ' in the justice system with her ruling .
the charities ' errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments . following the discovery , the clinton health access initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years . the foundation and its donors have been under intense scrutiny in recent weeks .
mountain calbuco , in the country 's south , is believed to be among chile 's three most dangerous volcanoes . eruption sent huge plume of gas and ash soaring into atmosphere which was visible from up to 100 miles away . residents from ensenada described ` apocalypse scenes ' after volcano erupted about 6pm local time .
anika stanford arrived at leeton police station on thursday morning . she left 45 minutes later with a detective in a silver sedan . she is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the cocoparra national park , where they discovered ms scott 's burnt remains on april 10 , five days after she went missing . he will next appear in griffith court by video link on june 4 .
henry rayhons , 78 , was accused of having sex with his wife donna lou rayhans . he was told she no longer had the capacity to consent because of her dementia . mr ray hons had argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact . jurors acquitted the lawmaker following a trial in hancock county .
this year 's proms will include a late-night concert hosted by dj pete tong . it will take place on july 29 coinciding with the 20th anniversary of radio 1 's broadcasts from ibiza . proms director edward blakeman said it was a ` natural ' move .
the man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states , including parts of alabama , arkansas , colorado , kansas , new mexico , ohio , oklahoma and texas . earthquakes , they said , were sometimes caused by fracking , in which large volumes of water , sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas . since 2000 , several of these areas have experienced high levels of seismicity .
prime minister alexis tsipras is expected to appeal to german chancellor angela merkel for more aid to avoid going bust . he said greece was about $ 350-400m short of funds needed this month to pay salaries and pensions that are due at the end of the month .
jake malone met a woman calling herself ` rili ' on a social website 11 months ago . she contacted mr malone after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit - but after turning up at her company 's address , he discovered the office had been closed for years . he now wanders the streets of the city , which has a population of ten million , with a sign bearing her picture attached to his torso .
fiona ` kitty ' carroll was at kemah boardwalk marina as her father worked on his boat on wednesday but when he checked on the girl ` after a brief moment ' , she was gone . her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl , khou reported . the girl 's father contacted police around 6pm to report that she had disappeared near the edge of the pier . authorities launched sea , land and air searches with the help
production of the beer has been approved by alcohol regulators in oregon , us , and will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm clean water services . there will only be ten barrels of beer made and it wo n't be available in shops but there is talk of mass production if the drink proves popular .
darren jones was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs . the 28-year-old approached presenter ellie pitt and his opponents on made in bristol 's programme , decision made . audience members rushed to help the labour candidate after he fell at their feet just seconds before the programme was due to go on air .
kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy . investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom .
ivan balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in novokuznetsk . he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake reebok top . but after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough , the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security .
koby hodder 's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed . he was playing british bulldog -- a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the ` bulldogs ' . teachers across the country have called for the game to be banned .
the array of glittering precious stones on display at the event in geneva on may 13 is blinding . it includes a pink diamond worth # 8million , a sapphire worth # 2.7 million and a pair of diamond earrings with # 670,000 . overall , the auction is expected to raise in excess of # 53million .
deborah kane had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain . the 46-year-old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in lanzarote when she was 15 . to celebrate her recovery , debbie held an aptly named ` eye ball ' and named each table after a part of the eye .
jeremy clarkson , james may and richard hammond hold talks with top gear executive producer andy wilman . it means mr wilman is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel . there is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by netflix , amazon or another british broadcaster .
the arc de triomphe was constructed in 1806 and is the centrepiece of place charles de gaulle at the end of the champs-Élysées . nearly 100 submissions have been created , with a number of them focusing on the 300m-high eiffel tower in paris .
all the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $ 23trillion in 2009 , combination of tax and real estate data in a paper published by the commerce department . land in washington dc had the highest price in the entire country , with land costing more than $ 1million per acre .
two ambulances were sent to epping forest after caller said ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel . another man said he had dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding ' . east of england ambulance service said it receives around 2,500 calls per day .
alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day . footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path . luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills .
lyvette crespo , 43 , entered the plea to a grand jury indictment thursday . she was ordered held on $ 150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted . the killing came after the late mayor 's years of domestic abuse , the widow claims .
dr mohammad ali jawad , 56 , allegedly dimmed the lights , shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of julio iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts . to the strains of the spanish singer crooning on his iphone , he is claimed to have asked her : ` do you see me as a man or a surgeon ? ' .
lynch , 55 , was approved by a 56-43 vote . curiously absent from the final vote was texas senator ted cruz - a key opponent of lynch 's nomination . lynch is expected to take over as head of the u.s. justice department on monday , replacing eric holder .
dr. oz used thursday 's episode of the dr. oz show to hit back and claim that the criticism is part of a conspiracy because of his outspoken views on genetically modified foods . the 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery . four who signed the letter , including leader author henry miller , have at some point been associated with the american council
russell ` rusty ' yates , who has since remarried and has a five-year-old son , slammed his ex-wife 's murder trial as the ` cruelest thing i have ever witnessed ' . he insisted her actions were ` completely a result of her illness ' and maintains she was a good mother who loved her children .
cardinal francis george was remembered thursday as a man of deep faith , intellect and compassion as catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led chicago archdiocese . george also did n't hesitate to speak his mind , even if it was unscripted and , at times , controversial , said seattle archbishop j. peter sartain , who delivered the homily at a packed funeral mass at chicago 's holy name cathedral . george
antoni van leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment . he took three lice , nestled them among the hairs of his calf , rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and then left the stocking on . on the seventh day , he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice .
the classic anzac biscuit recipe is a simple one that features rolled oats , desiccated coconut , and golden syrup as the primary ingredients . femail asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic recipe , from sugar-free , to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version .
the signs have sparked speculation across the village as to the identity of the author and the reasons behind the contrite gesture . in total around seven hand-written messages were put up on lampposts and street signs . most people say sorry with flowers , a romantic dinner , or even chocolates .
prime minister pledged to deliver effective ` home rule ' for england . he said in interests of fairness english mps must be given veto on legislation that no longer applies in scotland . plan will mean english , welsh and northern irish mps being able to set separate rate of income tax .
the ridiculous 6 , a spoof of the magnificent seven that stars and was written by sandler , left the set after they became offended by the script 's jokes about their race and culture . it was so bad in fact that even the cultural adviser for the movie , which is filming in new mexico , walked off the set . among the problems he cited were the costumes that were being used , the way the hair was being styled , and the film 's treatment of women .
paul guzman of fairfield , california , took video that he claims shows police throwing his wife suzanne on the ground in handcuffs just moments after they reported their son missing . this after suzanne refused to let the officers into their home , something paul claims she was doing for their own safety . his parents , paul and suzanne , are now filing a formal complaint against the very same police force that found him just hours later .
ahmed gaddaf al-dam , a former minister and muammar gaddafi 's cousin , said the ` overwhelming chaos ' in libya ` has become a shame ' . but senior conservative minister william hague has defended the government 's role in helping to overthrow the dictator .
a new book claims that juan carlos was romancing corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein and was so smitten with her that he contemplated divorcing his wife , sofia . romero , a former royal correspondent for the el mundo daily , said at the book 's launch in madrid : ` what do you see -lrb- in the book -rrb- ? well , the double life which obviously has not gone well ' . romero
station 7 perth news reporter monique dirksz got the scoop on cousins ' arrest when she was the only journalist outside freemantle police station at 2am on march 12 . the troubled star was arrested on march 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from bicton to mosman park , in perth . first class constable daniel jamieson is accused of divulging information that gave her a particular advantage .
john hinckley jr. has been dating a woman he met at a national association for the mentally ill meeting . this was revealed by his brother scott during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting president reagan back in 1981 . scott went on to describe his brother and his new girlfriend as ` somewhat compatible ' .
nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane . footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt . even after his 12th push-up , the fitness-enthusiast shows no sign of slowing down .
the # 80,000 911 carrera was crushed by a builder 's lorry in nottingham . both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road and police and the ambulance service were rushing to attend the scene . one onlooker said : ` the bloke looked absolutely distraught . it was obviously his pride and joy ' .
bruce davis , 72 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald ` shorty ' shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972 . davis claimed he has turned his life around in prison , earning a doctoral degree in philosophy , becoming religious and ministering to other inmates .
oskar groening , 93 , told the lueneburg state court on thursday that he did not expect jews at auschwitz to make it out alive . he is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder . the former ss sgt. oskar groening has testified as a witness in other nazi trials .
david billing , 48 , had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at royal derby hospital , during which surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue . the only drawback is that it still has hairs on it , and he now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved .
letters show brooke 's lovers complaining about his refusal to take their relationships seriously . they are part of the john schroder collection , which has spent decades in private hands . brooke became a semi-legendary figure thanks to his early death and his popular poems such as the soldier .
a waterfall gushing over the harbour bridge , a man surfing waves in front of the opera house and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station . social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during new south wales ' worst storm in a decade . the clip was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning by popular sydney radio duo fitzy and wippa .
mark steven west , 32 , will serve four months prison and eight years probation for having sex with a student in his office . the girl admitted as such to police , telling them she encouraged west to have sex . but despite the light punishment , the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment , saying he made ` bad decisions made on impulses ' .
chris early , who owns a production company in knoxville , tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too . the tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions to abc news , showing how he is now able monitor his child 's whereabouts from the skies .
deutsche bank will pay $ 2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates , us and british authorities said on thursday . ` deutsche bank 's misconduct not only harmed its unsuspecting counterparties , it undermined the integrity and the competitiveness of financial markets everywhere , ' said us assistant attorney general bill baer .
thousands of broken televisions , computers , microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to african countries . campaigners claim it costs less than recycling them in their countries of origin . 41 million tonnes of ` e-waste ' worth over # 34billion were discarded globally in 2014 , according to united nations university .
dave lee travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes at the mrs merton show and was sentenced to three months ' imprisonment , suspended for two years . the 69-year-old was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial . but he will still receive # 4,000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court .
lindsay lohan shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics such as the parent trap , freaky friday and mean girls . johnny depp shot to stardom as a teen idol due to his dark and mysterious looks and acting versatility , which scored him roles in films such as winona ryder and kate moss .
gang began daring plan by renting restaurant across road from guanghui temple in north china at the start of february . while serving snacks to the public , a team on the inside was hard at work with shovels , ladders , and power drills . after two days of investigation , police located the tunnel and were able to determine its source .
san antonio city officials have messed with the wrong texas chef . attorney-turned-cook joan cheever has spent the past decade feeding the homeless from the back of her personal pickup truck . she was slapped with a $ 2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck .
phoenix mercury standout player brittney griner and fellow wnba player glory johnson were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on wednesday . several people at the couple 's home tried to stop griner , who is 6 ' 8 '' and johnson , from fighting after an argument turned physical , according to a police report . johnson 's sister ultimately called cops to help break up the fight after the couple started throwing things at each other in the living room . johnson
ruben blundell 's brother was four days overdue when his mother went into labour in the middle of the night . left with no time to get to the hospital , the family had to deliver the baby . ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and telling his mother to breathe .
lawyers for michelle carter , 18 , say the teen is ` bewildered ' over the involuntary manslaughter charges against her following the suicide of her friend , conrad roy iii . carter was charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of roy iii , who gassed himself in his truck in fairhaven last july . during the hearing her defense attorney requested the case be moved out of bristol county , saying it 's ` impossible ' for carter to receive a fair trial in the area
rep. trey gowdy said he wants clinton to testify the week of may 18 and again before june 18 . ` the fact is we had four dead americans , including the u.s. ambassador to libya , ' he said . clinton is accused of using a private email account and server while she was secretary of state .
the girl avoided serious injury from the colourless corrosive substance . she was left needing medical treatment at hounsdown school in hampshire . tests reportedly showed the bottle was contaminated with hydrochloric acid . headteacher julie turvey said the school is taking this matter ` very seriously ' .
eager customers waited up to 10 hours overnight to get their hands on prizes . company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door . comes after tesco pulled the plug on plans to build a large store nearby . the store will create 29 jobs -- 12 full-time and 17 part-time -- and will have a car park .
kate temple was called a ` homewrecker ' by victim shelley williams . temple and her sister louise scollen went to leave charity event at dawdon cricket club in seaham , county durham . the three women got into a scuffle and temple left the victim covered in blood .
aaron hernandez , 25 , was moved to the maximum-security souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley , massachusetts on wednesday . he was convicted on april 15 of killing 27-year-old odin lloyd in 2013 . souza junction prison houses more than 1,000 inmates , many of whom are serving life sentences .
doug hughes , 61 , is ` lucky to be alive ' and ` should have been blown out of the air , ' rep. jason chaffetz , r-utah , told reporters just days after the incident that exposed a gap in the government 's efforts to ensure the security of the white house , capitol and other critical buildings in washington . hughes piloted the gyrocopter and landed on the west lawn , 61-year-old doug hughes ,
robert downey jnr stormed out of a tv interview when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison . the actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with channel 4 in london . he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster which premiered in britain on tuesday .
college juniors emily clark , 20 , of powder springs , morgan bass , 21 , of alpharetta and caitlyn baggett , 21 died early wednesday morning on their way to school . fellow students brittney mcdaniel , of reidsville , and megan richards , of loganville , survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries .
lawyers for brown 's parents , lesley mcspadden and michael brown sr. , filed the complaint at the st. louis county courthouse on thursday . the lawsuit is seeking $ 75,000 in compensation , as well as unspecified punitive damages , and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques ` that demean , disregard , or underserve its african-american population ' . the family 's lawsuit alleges that officer darren wilson destroyed evidence after
a rubber dinghy carrying around 100 african refugees began to sink . one of the muslims on board ordered him to stop , saying : ` here , we only pray to allah ' . when he refused , a violent fight ensued and 12 christians drowned . news comes amid reports that an unprecedented 10,000 refugees have been rescued by italian ships in the past week .
jules bianchi , 25 , sustained a severe head injury upon crashing into a recovery vehicle at the japanese grand prix in october 2014 . his father philippe said that the marussia driver is still in a coma but is ` fighting fiercely ' and his condition is stable .
steve cotterill has taken bristol city to the brink of a championship return after two seasons in league one . city have already won silverware this season in the shape of a johnstone 's paint trophy win last month . lansdown is a rare breed in english football , unwavering in ploughing his own fortune into the club through love and nothing else .
emmanuel adebayor travelled in style to training earlier this year in a rolls royce phantom drophead coupe . the 31-year-old is an infrequent visitor to england , exiled for tax and lifestyle purposes in the bahamas , where he conducts much of his business on his enormous yacht . tottenham 's principal owner joe lewis had arrived for an impromptu visit to the training ground when a coupe pulled into the car park . lewis
juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday night . ricardo carvalho gave the visitors the lead on 57 minutes after coming on as a substitute . alvaro morata equalised for juventus in the second half with a penalty .
jose mourinho made the surprise announcement that he will promote one of chelsea 's youngsters next season . jay dasilva , the eldest of the three children , left luton town 's academy to make the 100-mile round trip , three or fours times a week , in their mum alison 's rover . he is earmarked first team potential .
scott turner schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on the popular soap opera the bold and the beautiful . he will be playing nick , a mentor of sorts to the character of maya avant , played by karla mosley . avant is struggling with her gender identity in her current storyline on the show .
lee tomlin scored the opening goal in middlesbrough 's 2-0 win at home to rotherham united on saturday . lee tomlin and patrick bamford also missed a late penalty . aitor karanka 's side remain fourth in the championship table .
roberto carlos won the champions league three times in five seasons with los blancos , lifting the famous trophy in 1998 , 2000 and 2002 . here , carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and explains why they 've made his champions league dream team . to play in goal at 19 years age in a champions league final is unheard of .
fulham will sound out brentford manager mark warburton about taking over at craven cottage . the championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of kit symons who replaced felix magath in september . khan has given his new chief football officer mike rigg the power to choose fulham 's next manager .
douglas bader was shot down over france in 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp in warburg . his life story has already been the subject of the successful film reach for the sky in 1956 starring kenneth more . it was hatched by scottish lieutenant jock hamilton-baillie and involved build folding ladders to escape over the wire .
leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end . care assistant , from gillingham , kent , used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants . they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings .
yannick bolasie raced past lee cattermole before scoring his hat-trick for crystal palace in the 4-1 demolition of sunderland . gary cahill has responded to the challenge of fighting kurt zouma for his place in chelsea 's defence . cesc fabregas won 13 of 15 duels for the ball .
eden hazard joined chelsea from lille in 2012 and put pen to paper on a new five-and-a-half-year deal with the club in february . the 24-year-old has scored 18 goals across all competitions this season . hazard has remarkably won player of the year or young player of year every season since 2009 .
lionel messi made it 400 goals for barcelona in a 2-0 win over valencia . messi scored with the last kick and luis suarez scored with practically his first . claudio bravo saved a dani parejo penalty as valencia dominated the first half .
brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer . this is despite the fact he had already used # 50,000 of his life savings . a donations page set up by the forces charity help for heroes has already raised # 10,000 to help mr clark remain in his own home .
portsmouth have sacked manager andy awford . the league two club parted company with awford at a meeting at the club 's roko training ground this morning . awford 's future had been in doubt as they slipped away from the play-off places and saturday 's result left them with an 11-point gap to the top seven with four games left .
a new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now allegedly worth a staggering us$ 1 billion a year . this despite the fact 10,000 organs are transplanted in china every year , yet there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register . this will show how once researchers around the world - including human rights lawyer david matas and former canadian member of parliament david kilgour - began to uncover the gory details .
juan cuardrado arrived at chelsea for # 23m from fiorentina . wilfried bony has netted only one goal as manchester city beat swansea . manchester united 's edin dzeko has netted just one goal in his last three games .
chelsea are currently nine points clear at the summit of the table with six games of the current campaign remaining . jose mourinho 's side face arsenal at the emirates on sunday , may 25 . the letter outlines chelsea 's plan for their victory parade on monday .
radamel falcao started for chelsea against atletico madrid and monaco during five glorious years in european football . the colombian forward has yet to score against the top level premier league teams , with his meagre return coming in games against everton , aston villa , stoke city and leicester city . he was schooled here here as he gamely tried to recover in time to play for colombia last summer 's world cup . falc
mike ashley agreed to buy a plot of land in chelsea for somewhere in the region of # 200million . the clearings has been primed for redevelopment , with planning permission for 62 luxury flats , seven townhouses and an agreement to relocate marlborough primary school as part of the project . there have been empty seats at st james ' park recently as fans let their feelings about ashley be known .
philippe coutinho described it as the ` ultimate honour ' to speak to pele . the liverpool midfielder was a special guest for the reds ' encounter vs rivals manchester united last month . coutinho and lucas leiva were given the chance to meet brazil 's most famous son .
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid at the vicente calderon on tuesday . raphael varane impressed again for the la liga giants . jan oblak became the most expensive goalkeeper in spanish football history when he signed for $ 16million from benfica in the summer .
carter and jack hanson , who live in raleigh , north carolina , met their hero on the yorktown - a retired carrier in charleston . it was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about mr harding . they recently had the chance to meet each other on board the aircraft carrier where he once served .
luka modric pulled up in the second half against malaga on saturday . the croatian midfielder sprained a ligament in his right knee . cristiano ronaldo was the first madrid player to go over to gareth bale . real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league final on wednesday .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday . cesc fabregas was booed as he operated in the first half alongside nemanja matic . jose mourinho led an angry touchline delegation in pursuit of fourth official lee mason .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on sunday . john terry was at the heart of a solid defensive display against the gunners . mourinho praised terry 's performance , saying he was the best defender to play in the premier league era . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
john terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well . chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season where arsenal have lost twice -- that is the gap wenger 's side need to bridge . terry 's run-in is horrendous and had they lost at selhurst park was a massive result for steve bruce .
dougie freedman has stabilised forest since replacing stuart pearce in february . freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal at nottingham forest . the club 's owners are pleased with the job he has done at the city ground since replacing pearce .
pictures reveal china 's rapid progress in constructing the runway on the contested fiery cross reef which the philippines , vietnam , malaysia , brunei and taiwan all claim . by march this year , it had been transformed into an artificial island which could be used for military operations .
chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near spratly islands where china is constructing artificial islands . only yesterday , obama claimed beijing was ` using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions ' . but furious chinese leadership has argued that it is washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle .
frank ernest shepherd , iii of houston , texas , led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle . he then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police . the entire incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above .
world leaders were joined by princes charles and harry on the royal navy 's flagship hms bulwark . an estimated 1,000 allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until january 1916 . historian stephen chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs , many taken by the troops themselves .
dr mehmet oz 's fellow faculty at columbia university have written an op-ed lashing out at how his ` unsubstantiated medicine ... sullies the reputation ' of the university . but they also leap to the physician 's defense in the piece , saying that his on-air ` ozisms ' should not cancel out his stellar work . oz , who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the college of physicians , has an unblemished record as a doctor
bruce jenner 's second wife , linda thompson , has praised her former husband for being ' a champion for those who share the struggle to just be who they are ' . it 's the first public comment the former beauty queen , who was married to the olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986 , has made about his rumored transition from male to female .
researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 and assessed the pollution risk . they found evidence that living near congested roads can lead to ` silent strokes ' which in turn cause shrinkage of the brain and other damage . silent strokes do not have any outward symptoms and the victim is usually unaware of them .
warning : graphic content . zermatt in the upper valais area of switzerland has imposed the ban . animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in ` miserable conditions ' . they are being kept as tourist props by a company in the town that treats them very badly . the organisation has been calling for the town council to ban the use of the dogs for many years .
julie schenecker , 54 , was convicted last may of shooting her son beau , 13 , and daughter calyx , 16 , in their tampa bay , florida home in january 2011 . now in an exclusive jailhouse interview , she has claimed she pulled the trigger to ` save ' her children , despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being ` mouthy ' . when asked by abc action news in the interview if she regretted the shooting , sche
jordan brennan was attacked in september last year as he left his shop . his mother kim , 43 , has slammed what she calls the lenient sentence . she said : ` jordan loved dancing -- and he was killed because of it ' . jordan 's killer was jailed for eight months for manslaughter .
the list is dominated by european nations , particularly those in scandinavia , and measures a country 's population by factors contributing to its citizens ' contentment . despite often mocking its northern neighbour as an inferior nation , the united states is a full 10 places below canada , ranking at 10th and fifth respectively .
business leaders have blasted ` disastrous tory campaign ' which has focussed too much on ` personal attacks and scaremongering ' . they expressed concerns over negative tactics employed by the conservative campaign ahead of the general election next month . business leaders revealed they are worried david cameron will lose battle for number 10 .
ashley manzie was combing a melbourne park with his metal detector last week when he discovered a medal belonging to frederick george biddulph . mr norton posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum , which led him to sydney man stephen norton . he thinks the inscribed medal does n't belong to lewis , but to his brother .
alexis douglas was playing at her sister 's friend 's house in melbourne earlier this year when a neighbour 's pitbull attacked her . the five-year-old needed 50 stitches to her face and still requires treatment for the next three years . her mother monique douglas told daily mail australia that not a day goes by that she cries for her daughter who has been left so traumatised that she is unable to play outside by herself . the dog 's owner
the vaccine , known as rts , s , took 30 years to develop but it is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives . researchers say the vaccine could make a ` substantial contribution ' to controlling the disease . the news is significant because rts is the first malaria vaccine to reach advanced trials .
the pledge is contained in a ` home-school agreement ' which all children must sign before they start at turnham primary school in september . each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their ` responsibilities ' while attending the school . but parents were dumbfounded when it included a demand not to use ` transphobic language ' .
the horse , charly , was patrolling venice beach with his minders on tuesday when the cruel tagger managed to write ` rbs ' and an arrow on the horse 's flank with silver spray paint . the lapd has requested the public 's help in identifying the person responsible .
damon clay , 17 , is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at grady memorial hospital in atlanta after monday 's attack . two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping . neighbors said the three men accused him of stealing a playstation 3 .
royal mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of anthony trollope . the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life . although famous as a novelist , trollope also made history by introducing post boxes to the uk in the 1850s .
around 15 animals ran away from their pen in schodack in rensselaer county on thursday evening and then swam across the hudson river . they then started running down the thruway , a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state , including buffalo and new york city . three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire friday afternoon in a stream in the town of coeymans , about 10 miles south of the state capital alb
snp could win as many as 50 mps in scotland - allowing mr miliband to become prime minister even if he falls far short of a majority . if there is an anti tory majority , my offer to labour is to work together to keep the tories out , nicola sturgeon said .
molly parks , 24 , was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in manchester , new hampshire with a needle still in her arm . when police turned up on her father 's door in saco , maine , he immediately knew they were there about molly . days later , he wrote an obituary announcing her death . her family has written an honest . obitration to other families to help their loved ones if they see they are going through the
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver jt mcgarry in 1980 , and on wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him . in a video posted on april 20 by the california innocence project , he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a carl 's jr asking for a hamburger ` they show on tv with the bacon on it ' . as he dug into his meal of a
the 1961 ferrari 250 gt swb california spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made . but it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy ferris bueller 's day off . that was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below .
kiwi jihadi mark john taylor has posted a video to youtube urging is sympathisers to attack anzac day services in australia and new zealand . in the video , taylor instructed fellow jihadists to act out against police and soldiers . the video has since been removed after 3 news notified authorities .
beth o'rourke , 44 , of paxton , massachusetts , has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer , and on april 16 , the mother of courtney , 11 , and seamus , 8 , lost that fight . as she stated in her obituary ; ' i was a survivor . ' i died thursday , april 2015 surrounded by family , in the arms of my husband and ` anam cara ' , brendan patrick
sarah grimes and kristen saban would not say whether there had been a settlement of the lawsuit , which was set for trial in early august . both saban and grimes pledged the phi mu sorority at the university of alabama in 2009 . the lawsuit said grimes suffered lasting injuries during the brawl , which evidence showed began over a facebook post after a night of drinking .
the martingale betting strategy of doubling up originated in france and is used with levels of success by punters on anzac day throughout australia . two up involves two coins but many venues now play with three for ease of betting among the crowd . the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s .
jay brittain , 63 , was worried baby owls at small breeds farm park and owl centre look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them . he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own ` talon salon ' . so far , a total of seven cute owlets born to two different mother 's have been given the colourful makeovers .
apple watch is officially going on sale today but none of its stores will have them in stock . instead , consumers willing to shell out between # 299 to # 13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until june . analysts believe apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year .
rhiannon langley , 24 , from melbourne is recovering from rhinoplasty . she is at a five-star hotel , part of the $ 5,190 ` bangkok nose job ' . the hairdresser turned model raised eyebrows this week for her decision to go public with her ` nose job journey ' .
the white house doubled down today on president barack obama 's earth day message that climate change is ' a problem now ' . press secretary josh earnest said today after he was asked about a duke study that claimed the earth is n't heating up as quickly as expected . earnest 's channeling of former vice president al gore followed the president 's gas-guzzling , 1,836 mile trip on wednesday , earth day , to the florida everglades
mick schumacher will make his debut in the adac formula 4 series this weekend . the 16-year-old will drive under his own name for the first time in his career . he will compete in the category in what is regarded as a stepping stone for junior drivers hoping to reach the top .
scientists had though reading or looking at a screen could cause short-sightedness , but now think it could be down to a lack of natural light . chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia in children who spend an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine . studies in australia and by ohio state university in the us produced similar results .
japanese women swear by the ` beauty from within ' philosophy . prefer to sip on tincture tonics to beat acne - and beauty movement is coming to the uk . mahonia is a berry native to the rocky mountains that 's been used by tribes for medicinal , food , and ceremonial needs for years .
ohio woman found out her unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect ` incompatible with life outside the womb ' . she and her catholic husband went to her ob-gyn for the planned anatomy scan . two weeks later , an amniocentesis test showed that the fetus had triploidy , an abnormality that also resulted in dandy walker syndrome .
department of immigration ranked third in the survey of australians . department of defence and department of health also named in top ten . virgin , the second-largest airline in the country , was reportedly handed the accolade for its ` pleasant working atmosphere , a good work-life balance and strong management ' .
alison , 43 , from gloucestershire , had to go under the knife a further 12 times but is still living with the damage that ensued following a breast augmentation operation six years ago . the retail worker has now had a 13th operation on her breasts this time as part of tlc show extreme beauty disasters .
shaun smith , 25 , can be seen stamping 18 times on his victim 's head . his fellow soldier , welsh guard jason collins , 22 , rained blows with his fists on to the man 's body . smith was described as an ` angel ' in court by his officer .
sarina aziz became agitated on a flight from israel to luton . cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents ' lap at ben gurion airport . she struggled to keep their daughter still after strapping her in the connector belt . captain took the decision to halt the flight and call security to remove the family from the plane .
tv presenter richard wilkins , 60 , made the pilgrimage to gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations . he tells how having read excerpts from his `` papa 's '' war diary , lit ' a flame of interest ' to learn more of the world war one veteran . wilkins is rarely overcome with emotion despite working in the industry for almost 30 years .
rachael bishop , 19 , was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain 's lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in , unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun . as the man reached into the till , bishop tried to swat his hand away . when that did n't stop him , she started punching him in the head multiple times . bishop said it was ` just a reaction ' , an instinct to protect the store and everyone
aidan turner 's poldark co-star heida reed has claimed audiences ' obsession with his body is sexist . miss reed , 27 , said turner , 31 , was being ` objectified ' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female . she said : ' i think it just undermines the rest of the show 's show ' .
the posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students . campus leaders at the approximately 15,000-student university said that while they believe the posters were meant as satire , the message was inappropriate . student government vice president jacob schriner-biggs agreed with slavens .
andrea mcveigh , 44 , was sent crashing face-first into the concrete . cyclist fled the scene , chased by the 44-year-old 's husband after she was left sprawled in a pool of her own blood . met police have issued cctv footage of a cyclist they want to speak to in connection with the crash , which happened in bermondsey , south london on april 14 .
footage posted by elihudi justin urassa , from brighton , has been watched more than 3.7 million times on facebook . in the video the girl is seen sucking onto the tube of pringles tortilla flavoured chips to mirror kylie jenner 's often voluptuous looking pout .
ukip leader nigel farage says party is only seen as racist by white people . but he said that when he goes into ` black parts ' of london he gets a warm reception . mr farage said the idea that ukip is racist is based on ` no evidence ' .
kim kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by variety 's 2015 power of women luncheon in new york city on friday . the 34-year-old beauty told extra . she would indeed be watching former stepfather bruce jenner talk to diane sawyer later that evening .
freddie gray , who is black , was arrested april 12 after he made eye contact with officers and ran away . he suffered a mysterious spinal injury that led to his death . six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate . commissioner anthony batts has ruled out the possibility of his resignation .
claim made by his embalmers , who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary 's body . they brag that their technique has been the result of almost a century of fine-tuning , creating a science that has benefited real-world medical applications . the gruesome job is the responsibility of a team known as the ` mausoleum group ' which , at its peak , involved 200 scientists working in a lab dedicated to the former leader 's corpse .
artist frank mckeever from florida created these amazing posters . they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system . included are humans skiing on a moon of uranus and living in cities on mars . others show life on europa and near saturn - and a destroyed earth . the posters were created by artist and entrepreneur miranda .
the number of fatal crashes involving teenage drivers has dropped 55 per cent in the past decade . between 2004 and 2013 , the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in u.s. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568 , per 100,000 people . new safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities .
timothy crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents bob , 90 , and elsie , 83 , and then driven their bodies 150 miles in a grey nissan micra . but the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost . prosecutors have been accused of losing a nissan at the centre of a double murder case .
the fort was discovered on top of the dunnicaer sea stack close to stonehaven , aberdeenshire . stones used to construct the walls were also engraved with pictish designs of fish and disks with broken spears through them . archaeologists believe the fort would have been cut off from the land at high tide .
japanese playground found to have dangerously high levels of radiation . this is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person . it was not immediately clear why radiation levels were so high in the park . authorities believe that the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park , which opened two years after the 2011 fukushima disaster .
jeni 's splendid ice creams of ohio said on its website on thursday that it is recalling its frozen products after the listeria discovery . in an online statement , the company wrote it is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until its products are ` ensured to be 100 per cent safe ' .
shaker aamer is likely to be released in the summer after 13 years in captivity without charge or trial , us government sources have revealed . the 48-year-old has been held at guantanamo bay without charge for more than 13 years . campaigners welcomed moves to end the scandal of saudi-born mr aamer continuing to languish in the naval base in cuba .
christopher wheeler , 54 , had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $ 350,000-a-year mansion in wilmington in october 2013 . one of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act . the discovery led to the accomplished composer and pilot being fired from a job he had held for nine years , which had a salary of nearly $ 3700,000 .
rose mcgrath of battle creek , michigan said tearfully last week of her school kicking her out for poor attendance and poor academic performance . ' i did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' she said . rose was diagnosed with leukemia in 2012 and though she is done with her treatment she still feels ill .
charlene wall jeffs , 58 , had 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years , but she claims the church has ` become even more disturbing than it was under warren ' . she claims to have been excommunicated in september 2014 , and is now fighting to have her two youngest children , who still live with mr jeff 's .
jessa , 22 , and her 19-year-old husband ben announced the news of their pregnancy ina video for tlc.com , which featured them making health smoothies , and jessa has revealed that one of the first things the couple considered after hearing the news was how to adjust her workouts accordingly .
the 65-year-old told diane sawyer he embarked on hormone therapy and electrolysis , and had plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine . however , he says he stopped out of ` fear ' of publicity and shame , and kept his secret to himself until he could n't bear it any longer .
paul gregory , 51 , of bedford , pleaded guilty to two counts of dishonestly obtaining a blue badge . the disability badge holder claimed exercise left him breathless , despite being a keen walker and member of a mountaineering club . he was fined # 795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work .
birmingham airport could be re-branded ` shakespeare 's airport ' in the u.s. tourism chiefs have announced the concept was put forward after proving a success in attracting more people from china . but there are concerns that not enough americans will know who the playwright is .
ann summers , known as the bombshell girlfriend of made in chelsea 's ollie proudlock , has unveiled its first bridal wear lingerie collection . billed by the brand as ` perfect for every blushing bride ' , the underwear and loungewear collection comes in soft palettes of ivory and nude .
steve spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences . the animals ' owner , sonia sharrock , praised her ` absolutely amazing ' brother-in-law for his incredible feat . ms sharrock watched in horror as her stud farm in woodberry , in maitland in the hunter region of new south wales - one of the worst affected areas by the storm .
the suspects , all of somali descent , were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies . on thursday , there were audible gasps in the court room as a government official revealed the informant , who has been paid at least $ 13,000 for providing tip-offs . however , u.s. magistrate becky thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed , and ordered the four men to remain in custody while the case
photographer martin beck has snapped captain america , iron man and the green lantern taking a step back from fighting crime . some indulge in unhealthy fast-food , others suck on cigarettes while the rest get bogged down in household chores or everyday life in a future that looks bleak for marvel and dc comics stars .
a 23-year-old taylors hill man was arrested on thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery . he allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a homemade machine gun he pulled out of a bag before making off with cash . he was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates court at a later date .
sofia abramovich is the daughter of chelsea fc owner roman . the 18-year-old has hit back at people who have criticised her on instagram . sofia posted an image to instagram explaining how she was not going to let people get her down anymore .
the agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation . if easter , christmas , the queen 's birthday or labour day fall on a weekend , a holiday is granted on a weekday . but other departments such as the australian taxation office and defence will have to turn up to work on monday .
the narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on tuesday . a tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down , but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties . a group of highly trained firefighters , police and engineers undertook the difficult task of pulling it down .
zeid ra'ad al husein said katie hopkins had used language similar to that employed by some rwandan media outlets in the run-up to the 1994 genocide . he said the april 17 article was reflective of a ` nasty underbelly of racism that is characterising the migration debate in an increasing number of eu countries ' .
the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth any day now . experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method and camilla lawrence tells mailonline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape safely . but camilla warns that trying to do too much too soon following pregnancy and birth can do long term damage to your body .
the unnamed 20-year-old woman was driving on the i-25 in weld county , north of denver , when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck . she was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck . the bullet did not damage the woman 's airway or sever any major blood vessels .
treasure trove of vintage ice-breakers , which bear phrases such as : ` may i be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening ? ' . one was referred to as the ` calling card ' and would be used by gentleman to formally introduce themselves to new acquaintances . the second , as seen in mr mays ' collection , was a novelty variety reserved for more casual encounters , namely men seeking the company of women .
the pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year . chinese estimates of pyongyang 's nuclear production exceed most previous us forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs . north korea has long used nuclear weapons as a bargaining chip in international relations .
the intruders broke into a home in hatfield peverel , essex , flooded the kitchen , dumped the tv in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs . they stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches , a computer , laptop and tablet from the house and left thousands in damage .
sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday . footage shows him carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors . at one point he 's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down .
detective sergeant stephen phillips , 46 , and police constables christopher evans , 37 , and michael stokes , 34 are facing charges of ` theft by a serving police officer ' . the three officers from south wales police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force 's professional standards department .
louise henderson alakil , 49 , moved to middle eastern country 27 years ago . worked as a teacher at international school in sanaa until recent fighting . now hiding below family home on outskirts of city with her youngest children . britons advised to book commercial flights out the country but fear they will not return .
abash bekele , 32 , is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent , and failing , initially to pay her compensation . she was put on trial for killing one of her abductors while she was released by the courts , co-chaired by then foreign secretary william hague .
headteacher linda shute has banned children from consuming drinks . some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict , claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water . but the school has defended its decision , saying it is for the long-term health of all your children .
jamaican sprinter said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat a ` lot more vegetables ' despite confessing that ` he hates them all ' . the 28-year-old sprinter is entrusted with the unenviable task of chasing him round the house to check he is eating his greens .
the yellowstone supervolcano is one of the largest active continental silic volcanic fields in the world . it is situated in yellowstone national park - which spans the midwestern us states of wyoming , idaho and montana - and last erupted 640,000 years ago . previous research found a relatively small magma chamber directly beneath the surface in 2013 that measures 2,500 cubic miles -lrb- 10,420 cubic km -rrb- .
kate dearaugo , 29 , weighed 127.5 kg at her heaviest . the australian idol winner spoke out about her battle with mental health . she said it was after her stint on young divas that she began to spiral out of control , eating herself ` into a mess ' .
developers ltd tore down a derelict property in bath city centre . but residents complained the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council . dr douglas bernardt , a local resident with a phd in architecture , described the situation as ` madness ' .
dr warren weinstein , 73 , was killed alongside giovanni lo porto in january . his family yesterday slammed us government 's response to his abduction . they included ` poster girl ' for jihad dr. aafia siddiqui , who is currently serving an 86-year prison sentence in the united states for the attempted murder of a united states army captain .
cigarette consumption more than doubled from 6.2 billion in 2000 to 13.7 billion in 2011 -- in contrast with a 33 per cent fall for cigarettes . researchers analysed 22 studies , including five from britain , and found risks for cigar smokers of dying from oral , oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as cigarettes .
kyle toth , who runs his own custom woodworking business , built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in temecula , california . it measures a whopping 45ft in length , and according to its maker , sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft .
david marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years behind bars . the 68-year-old stabbed eni mevish in the heart , lungs and liver six months after they met because he was ` jealous ' of her other friendships , stafford crown court heard . pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting a girl when he stormed her house to butcher her with a kitchen knife .
suspected rogue trader navinder sarao lived in his parents ' modest home . it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds , it is claimed . his thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in central london , giving him a massive commercial advantage .
bill parker , 34 , of gulfport was mowing his lawn last sunday when he thought a rock had struck him in the face not realizing it was a metal fence wire . dr timothy haffey removed the wire with a simple sinus surgery which took 20 minutes and entailed making an incision on parker 's jaw hinge .
alessandra , 34 , models for dafiti , latin america 's largest online fashion retailer . mother-of-two , who is no. 8 on forbes list of top-earning models , stars in the advertising campaign wearing sexy and sporty street-style fashion .
kim and her husband kanye west made a high-profile tour of armenia and israel to baptise their daughter and retrace the kardashian roots . paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the french capital with her husband .
brain scans on a group of professional comedians has revealed differences in the way the brains of these ` super speakers ' work while talking . compared to the less silver tongued among us , the super speakers showed less activity in a key area of the brain involved articulating and comprehending speech . this suggests that this group were putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech , allowing them to devote more resources to what they were going to say next .
apple watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its locations will have them in stock . instead , consumers willing to shell out between $ 549 to $ 17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until june . analysts believe apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year .
richard hammond has ruled out returning to top gear , becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show . announcement came as former executive producer andy wilman launched a scathing attack on ` meddling bbc executives ' in a top gear magazine editorial . mr wilman , who is a childhood friend of clarkson , sensationally quit the corporation - fuelling speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster .
samantha crossland , 30 , was pocketing parents ' fees being paid to play day nursery she worked at in a trusted position . she had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back and crossland - whose parents made over a million on the lotto - handed back the cash .
the palm resort in dubai boasts floor-to-ceiling views directly into the ambassador lagoon aquarium . with a base price of just under # 5,500 -lrb- $ 8,200 -rrb- a night , each suite has elegant perks , including soap with 24-carat gold flakes .
prawns are now a healthy , cheap option filling supermarkets , sandwich bars and restaurants across the world . but have you ever stopped to think about where the ones you 're eating have come from ? forget sun-kissed seas and a lone fisherman casting his nets into the indian ocean to haul in his catch . experts in the us found 60 per cent of the prawns were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria .
kansas city royals ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight in the seventh inning of thursday 's game at chicago 's u.s. cellular field . a heated exchange between royals starter yordano ventura and white sox outfielder adam eaton sparked the brawl . several punches were thrown and ventura , along with fellow teammates lorenzo cain and edinson volquez , was sent off along with chris sale and jeff samardz
flight 5622 was flying from chicago to connecticut when pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure . as an increasing number of passengers began to complain of dizzyness , the pilot plunged the aircraft into a terrifying dive to drop 30,000 feet in just eight minutes . but despite the calamitous events , an investigation has discovered nothing unusual about the mechanics of the plane .
imran uddin , 25 , bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet . he was able to find out passwords that staff were typing in to the computers . he then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself . he upped his mark from 57 per cent to 73 per cent , a first .
conrad clitheroe , 54 , and gary cooper , 45 , stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at fujairah airport . they were taken to a police station and , despite being told they would not be detained , were put into prison . they had written to british prime minister david cameron to ask him to intervene in the case , raising concerns about her husband 's health .
brian bayers tearfully recalled how he was preparing to take his son back to day-care on february 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house . when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open . after going back inside to find he son jackson missing , he made the horrifying realization that he backed over his truck with his truck . jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle
twitter has rolled out a new feature aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day . the service provides a twice-daily summary ` of the best tweets for you , delivered via rich push notification ' . highlights is limited to english-language readers with the twitter app installed on an android device .
research by asda has found that rump , fillet and t-bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out but when we cook at home the majority of us rely on burgers or mince . over a quarter of under 35 's avoid trying unusual cuts of beef because they assume it will be too expensive while 30 per cent had never been shown how to cook a cut of beef .
aussie the dog saved his owners kai , seven , and sophie , 10 from being electrocuted in a puddle in the aftermath of the new south wales storms . their family home at caves beach , near lake macqurie , had lost power so on wednesday the children 's mother decided take kai for a walk in a nearby park . the park was full of large puddles and they did n't know it at the time , but the wild weather had
local broadcaster rtve has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls . fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the event , known as the encierro . mayor enrique maya said he feared the broadcasters would turn the world famous festival into something out of big brother .
australian researchers have tested their drone running companion . called joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run . the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner . and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing . the research was presented at the computer-human interaction conference in seoul .
thomas hoey jr. , 43 , was sentenced wednesday by u.s. district judge kevin castel in manhattan federal court . he showed ` callousness and indifference ' during the party in january 2009 at midtown hotel the kitano and even more when the victim , kimberly calo , 41 , died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol . castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was ` integral to the lifestyle of cocaine , sex and
morgan geyser , 12 , has been remanded on $ 500,000 bail for attempted first-degree intentional homicide . she is accused of stabbing payton leutner , who survived 19 stab wounds in waukesha in may 2014 . her attorney , anthony cotton , applied to have her bail reduced so she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders .
freddie gray , 25 , was arrested on april 12 in baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to the police station in a paddy wagon without being strapped into a seatbelt . police brutality against prisoners being transported was updated nine days before gray 's arrest stating that all detainees shall be strapped in by seat belts or other device .
duchess of cambridge 's uncle hit out at ` speeding ' cyclist in regents park . gary goldsmith , 49 , posted picture of alleged culprit who hit chihuahua , cheech . accompanying message included words : ` evil s *** ... coming to get ya ' . mrs goldsmith was with his wife julie-ann in regent 's park at 8.30 am yesterday .
a memo from an internal police inquiry which surfaced earlier this week revealed colleagues expressed concerns about robert bates , 73 . he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris during a botched sting on april 2 . the inquiry came to the conclusion that high-ranking officers created an atmosphere where employees were intimidated about reporting violations of department policy .
the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded the best road in the world . the road takes drivers along the river douro and the picturesque regional wine towns of the unesco world heritage site . stretching for 27 km , the road includes heart-stopping 93 bends and jaw dropping scenery .
pictures show veronica bolina lying partially naked on ground in front of officers and other prisoners in sao paulo , brazil . the 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her neighbour . but an investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody .
aaron bee was wanted by lincolnshire police over an alleged domestic violence and assault . the 22-year-old goaded officers by sharing photographs online which showed him standing outside the force 's headquarters . he was eventually arrested in a cafe after posing outside five different police stations over two weeks and was this week jailed for eight months .
tom george had to leave his dog shelby stuck in a pool by the great salt lake 's spiral jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town . as more people came , they began bringing items to try and help get shelby out , using grocery bags , car floor mats , tarp , garbage bags , a straw hat and even bare hands .
mohamad saeed kodaimati , 24 , a syrian national and naturalized us citizen , is accused of making false statements to the fbi about his involvement with syrian militants . saeed , who was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17 , falsely claimed he had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any islamic state members .
nicholas salvador , 25 , is accused of killing palmira silva , 82 , in her garden . she was found dead in a garden in nightingale road , edmonton , in september 2014 . salvador also pleaded not guilty to a separate assault charge , giving the same reason .
mary todd lowrance , 49 , a teacher at moises e molina high school , turned herself into dallas independent school district police on thursday morning . officers learned of the alleged relationship after lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a dallas isd officer . if the student had been a juvenile , the case would have been handled by the dallas police department .
the statue of liberty was evacuated friday afternoon in the wake of a bomb threat , which was ultimately found to be a hoax . some 2,700 tourists were rushed off liverty island by boat operators just after midday friday after a 911 caller said he was ` going to blow up ' the landmark . police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island , which they thought contained something suspicious . the nypd 's bomb squad was scrambled , but a full search of the island finally
residents in the remote village in jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire . seconds later they throw themselves into the flames . locals believe the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease , adding that criticism over the safety is misguided .
jean pockett , the widow of private arthur herbert , is one of 10 war widows brought to gallipoli by the department of veteran 's affairs . she fought with australian forces on the western front during the first world war . among them is jean , who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in turkey on thursday .
exeter has been dubbed ` too posh for monopoly ' after game makers were told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill old kent road . thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in devon to fill the more expensive slots . but exeter has outdone all previous cities to get their own board - including oxford , cambridge and york - in the posh stakes .
nicole kidman , naomi watts , geoffrey rush and joel edgerton have all made significant contributions to australia through film and television . but recently uncovered documents from ancestry.com reveal their ancestors have also had a lasting impact on the country through their service and involvement in world war one . the service records show they were on the battlefield in gallipoli 100 years ago .
sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she ca n't even roll over and she 's equally as fat as a 700-pound human . the neglected cat was handed over to the rescue agency s.o.s. sea isle cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home . luckily for sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself , she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer stacy jones olandt .
thousands of visitors from the uk , australia , new zealand , india and france have gathered to honour the fallen . today this beautiful turkish isthmus , facing the aegean to the west , is a patchwork of monuments and memorial stones linked by country lanes , mountain tracks and undulating greenery .
irish tourist barry lyttle , 33 , has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence . he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother patrick . patrick , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma . on friday , patrick had his arm around his brother , who was crying when magistrate graeme curran handed down the sentence .
mary cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work in drakelow shadow factory in kidderminster , worcestershire , in 1943 . she spent two years testing metal for bristol aircraft engines in the site 's underground laboratory , working as the only woman in her department . now 91 , the great-grandmother has revisited the site with her son , david , 70 years after leaving her position .
abu hafs al-badri is claimed to be the cousin of abu bakr al-bagdadhi . both boys appear to be older than 16-years-old . both carried out joint suicide missions in isis ' latest offensive on the baiji oil refinery in salahuddin province , iraq .
arianna mason , 21 , claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a ` stranglehold ' at a las vegas hotel . after filing a civil rights lawsuit against officer shawn izzo and the metropolitan police department , she told reporters yesterday : ` what happened to me was wrong and i do n't want it to happen to anybody else ' . ariana was flanked by her parents , fred and francina mason of teaneck , new
kevin bowes , 53 , lost several teeth and had nine ` avoidable ' root canal treatments . the semi-retired teacher at a specialist children 's unit said his life had been changed forever , revealing he will need years of remedial treatment to fix the extensive decay . he said : ' i was devastated , i had no idea my teeth were in such a bad condition ' .
video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle , when all of a sudden a white sedan veers into its path . the car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying . the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured .
hannah james , 26 , took her son to bed with her at family home in milford haven , west wales but the next morning he was ` lying face down and unresponsive ' . coroner in pembrokeshire said new parents were given ` confusing ' advice over how tired they could be when they slept in the same bed as their child .
khalid rashad , 61 , appeared at camberwell magistrates ' court today . charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose , and possession of ammunition for a firearm without a certificate . abdul hadi arwani , 48 , an outspoken critic of the assad regime in syria , whose body was found in his parked volkswagen passat on april 7 .
one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school . the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale . some audience members initially believed it was choreographed .
the trussell trust asks for a ` donation ' of # 1,500 from churches and community groups which open new foodbanks . the money is needed to pay for the trust 's staff , branding materials , pr advice and relationships with supermarkets such as tesco . critics accuse the charity of taking money which could be better spent on food .
bobby burnett forced samantha chudley to hand over passwords of her e-mail . the 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her when she visited him at the commando training centre at lympstone , devon . burnett admitted aggravated harassment and making threats to kill and was jailed for two years and two months by judge phillip wassall .
sharista giles of sweetwater , tennessee , was driving home from a concert in december with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover . she was five months pregnant at the time and in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby early , a little boy the family has named leighton isiah giles . her mom , anna moser , said that she believed her daughter would wake up even when doctors said
the settlement of aogashima in the philippine sea has 200 inhabitants who live in the middle of a volcanic crater . the secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas , but are each set in their own natural paradises . the last time the class-c volcano erupted was in the 1780s , and it proved fatal for half of the people living on the island .
presenter scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in southampton , hampshire . viewer hardy lion tweeted : ' #bbcbreakfast ha spelt education wrong !!! back to school ! ' . stayt later described the gaffe as ` one of those things ' .
mountain calbuco suddenly erupted on wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky while thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee the ` apocalypse-like ' event . hundreds filmed the eruption , near the southern port city of puerto montt , and its deadly ash cloud which caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety . one amateur cameraman was surprised to see what appeared to be white lights floating dangerous close to the smoke and gas clouds from the eruption .
kay bennett , 33 , from swindon , says the tattoos , which were done when she was 24 , have turned her into a jobless recluse . miss bennett resigned from her last role because she felt ` left out ' by colleagues , and is now hoping someone will step forward and offer to pay for her to have laser removal .
the washington couple 's three-year-old son had first began complaining of someone talking to him at night . that was until one night when they heard a strange man 's voice come over the monitor to tell their son : ` wake up little boy , daddy 's looking for you ' . the horrified parents , who do not want to be named for fear the unknown man could track them down , believe it is not just the audio monitor that has been hacked .
billy gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered , including three months where she and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear . after mr gordon 's dark past was revealed he resigned from the labor party but refused to resign from parliament . until now , the mother of his two children , kristy peckham has been in hiding .
dr giorgi-guarnieri testified on friday during court hearings in washington , d.c. that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions john hinckley jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital . he also participates in music therapy , and he sings and plays the guitar . he has been allowed freedom in stages . he spends 17 days a month at his mother 's williamsburg home in virginia under certain conditions . hinck
the frenchwoman also used her classes to defend adolf hitler 's domestic record . she is alleged to have said , before being suspended from the auguste remoir college in limoges , west-central france . yet , she said she hoped ` german tanks come to renoir to subdue unruly pupils ' .
the hirise camera is able to take images of the surface with a resolution of 10 inches -lrb- 25cm -rrb- per pixel . it is seen here in the full image , allowing it to spot the rover on the surface . curiosity is the fourth rover to visit mars .
an urgent headcount has taken place at a thai temple that 's home to 147 tigers in the care of monks . wat pha luang ta bua has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to visit the monks and be photographed next to their huge feline pets . however , thai wildlife officials began a headcount on friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier this week who complained to police that three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary .
celebrity singer liu guijuan posted pictures of herself wearing a headdress made from kingfisher feathers . web users and conservationists quickly criticised her indifference towards animal welfare after it emerged the accessory was made from the feathers of no less than 80 of the colourful birds . miss liu , an established opera singer in china , is seen on stage in the headdress that landed her in hot water .
edda goering cheated the hangman at nuremberg by committing suicide shortly before he was due to be executed for war crimes . the infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew but his daughter edda , 76 , has always refused to criticise him . she claims the posthumous expropriation of his assets two years after his death was illegal .
brooke shedd , 26 , and jane shalakhova , 25 , have spoken out to say they are just as fortunate as the 34-year-old who hails from east london . the trio appeared on today 's this morning to set the record straight about their relationship after it hit the headlines last week .
michael gridley , 26 , was jailed for a year after orchestrating scam . used supermarket 's own delivery service to steal # 15,852.46 worth of goods . then managed to land a managerial role at lidl after he was sacked . gridley and colleague jay reed were under suspicion at southend crown court .
linda and george hunter raised their four children in their home in wavertree . but eight years ago , the street became part of a regeneration scheme . council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition . estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home for # 1 . they thought what the council was offering for their home was too low .
reverend creflo dollar , 53 , launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate ' $ 300 or more ' so that he could purchase a gulfstream g650 . the wealthy televangelist , who is known to own two rolls royces and multi-million dollar homes , came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work .
a 17-year-old driver who held her license for one day crashed into a wheelie bin before smashing into a brick wall and leaving five injured . the group of five were travelling in a white mitsubishi lancer before it collided into a solid brick wall before bouncing off and crashing into another part of the wall . the driver and a passenger were taken to gosford district hospital in a stable condition .
the owners of an oregon goldmine have called in gun-toting right-wing militiamen amid a bitter land use dispute with the u.s. government . tensions have remained high at the sugar pine mine near medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order . the owners summoned armed guards from the conservative oath keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside the bureau of land management yesterday .
william and kate have been seen out on shopping trips this week . mother to be spotted in her local homeware store , zara home , in kensington high street , a short hop from her apartment . she recycled a bright pink coat by british brand mulberry last year .
daniel morcombe 's killer could get out of prison early due to a ` smiley face ' . lawyers for brett peter cowan will file an application to have chief justice tim carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal . cowan received a life sentence for murdering , indecently dealing and dumping the sunshine coast teenager 's body in 2003 .
ibrahim ahmad , a senior at la center high in washington state , will miss his prom because of a five-day suspension . the 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives . at lunchtime , he stood on the cafeteria stage and held a sign inviting his would-be date to the prom .
the large android shape covers a mountainous region near shahpur . it is not an official google feature and the image is believed to have been added using google 's map maker , although this has n't been confirmed . these additions are meant to be moderated , but it appears this latest edit was missed .
ringside tickets for the upcoming fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquaio are fetching upwards of $ 130,000 online . due to the high pay-per-view price of the fight -lrb- $ 89.99 -rrb- , its anticipated thousands of fight fans might try to watch the bout for free via a live video streaming app like periscope . if that were to happen , broadcasters showtime and hbo could miss out on millions if viewers illegally
after coming under scrutiny , zoo weekly removed all ` offending ' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from facebook . the department of veteran affairs said the word ` anzac ' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 . twitter users were quick to condemn the controversial issue , labelling it ` gross and offensive ' .
jolie briefed the un in her role as special envoy for the u.n. on refugee issues on friday . she sharply criticized the un security council for being paralyzed by its division over syria 's four-year conflict . nearly four million syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries , which warn they are dangerously overstretched .
remy , 18 , had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion . initially hoped it would make her stand out from the crowd . when the piercing became inflamed , remmie was forced to remove the bar . the resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar .
the two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920 's building on spaulding avenue in l.a. 's fairfax district . cobain lived there during the height of nirvana 's musical influence 91-92 . now its current owner , brandon kleinman , 31 , has listed it on airbnb .
holder , a former judge and u.s. attorney who took the job in 2009 , addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor , loretta lynch , was confirmed by the senate . holder described an 'em otional attachment ' to the department and recounted efforts to protect civil rights , prosecute terror suspects in federal court and change the criminal justice system . other clips showed president obama showering holder with praise on the day holder announced his departure .
andre gignac says he made the ` stunning discovery ' in a photograph released by nasa and taken by the mars rover opportunity . he says he became suspicious about a ` dark spot ' on the rim of the endeavour crater he had found in the original image , and so took a closer look . the 58-year-old claims that the ` bunker ' could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker ' .
shabana bibi , 25 , from the muzaffargarh district of pakistan , died in hospital on saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body . police have arrested her husband muhammad siddique and father-in-law pir bakhsh .
carol cole was 17 years old when she disappeared without a trace after running away from a juvenile detention center in texas in october 1980 . in january 1981 , police in bossier parish , louisiana , found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods out of a dirt road . for 34 years , carol 's family searched in vain for the troubled teen . at the same time , detectives from bossier parish
eu leaders have agreed a package of measures to tackle the growing migrant crisis in the mediterranean . within days , british warship hms bulwark and the german supply ship berlin are expected to be sent to the region in the biggest sign of the european union 's belated commitment to the cause .
alyssa marie chang , 56 , was furious with the mother of little ronnie tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in ` compromising sexual positions ' . on april 14 , she showed up at the home of her love rival outside seattle with a taser . when the woman refused , chang allegedly shocked the woman with the taser , according to police . she then allegedly kidnapped the woman and took them to a home in f
the alaskan malamute crossed with a siberian huskey at their home in pembrokeshire on thursday afternoon . she was playing in the garden when her family heard screams and ran to find their eight-year-old dog ` gripping ' the animal by her head . they wrestled the animal free but the toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull . her injuries were so severe she had to be airlifted to morriston hospital in sw
julieane jablonski , 38 , was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness . the alleged victim in the case , 19-year-old austin essig , took to the fort collins police department 's facebook page to describe the strange ` trip ' he experienced after eating the brownie . after the incident , a facebook user that appears to be essig commented on the police report about his own injury .
vivienne garton , 65 , was devastated after her west highland terrier ben was stolen . she put posters up near her home in knowle west , bristol , but since received an anonymous call threatening to cut up the dog . the caller gave the address of an empty house in bristol and a phone number which she handed to police , who are now investigating .
tipper lewis , 43 , grew up on a farm and quickly became fascinated by the power of plants , chinese medicine and organic produce . now she is the head herbalist at neal 's yard remedies - the leading independent british retailer of organic natural health and beauty products .
ciudad real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more than $ 1billion . but it was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties . the airport will be sold off with an asking price of $ 100million -lrb- # 86million -rrb- .
the last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an arctic island for around 5,000 years , forcing them to inbreed as their population dwindled until disappering 4,500 years ago . researchers have concluded that the creatures clung on in just a tiny pocket of the arctic , on an island that appears to have become cut off from the mainland . they have also raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants .
connor sullivan , 17 , of cupertino , california , attended his first period class on monday morning before disappearing for roughly 80 hours . after the junior returned home on his own thursday night , police who had been searching for him learned that the teenager had never left the bay area town and was using the water fountains and porta potty on campus . though search parties took off from the school , they could not find him , who said after his return that
google paid its billionaire executive chairman eric schmidt nearly $ 109 million last year while the company 's stock slumped . most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $ 100 million . schmidt also pocketed a $ 1.25 million salary , a $ 6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $ 1 million .
sanjay chaddah concocted a 't issue of lies ' , claiming dean paton had kicked him and called him a ` p ** i ' . but the move backfired when police discovered that the altercation had been caught on cctv and cleared mr paton of any wrongdoing .
britain will go from being hotter than turkey and ibiza to colder than moscow , stockholm and finland in a matter of days . it also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for the thousands of runners taking part in sunday 's london marathon . according to forecasters we will begin to see the arctic airmass on saturday after it has blasted over from iceland .
earlier this month , a pregnant canadian weather presenter received hate mail from viewers ` grossed out ' by her appearance on their screens . the scathing critics told the six-months pregnant meteorologist kristi gordon that her ` front end looks like a brick s *** house ' . buckley copped heavy criticism for showing bump on tv but stood her ground .
lania roberts was standing in front of her mirror , vowing to change herself - but also to love herself more , after enduring years of cruel comments from her peers , and an ever-present feeling of self-doubt . now , at only 18 , lania is sharing details of how she learned to accept herself for who she is , and how , through her love of art .
comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy time warner cable for $ 45.2 billion and create a mega-size tv and internet provider . the proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid tv market with more than 27million customers . this followed fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like disney and 21st century fox .
the seven-row dairy milk spectacular will contain one row each of : dairy milk caramel , dairy milk daim , and dairy milk turkish . for the first time in 100 years , cadbury 's is set to release a super bar containing seven different fillings . but do n't get too excited as there are only 50 on offer .
graeme finlay , 53 , went on trial after retired engineer ron phillips , 70 , and his wife june , 69 , were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on the thomson celebration luxury liner . the frail couple accused finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with two fractured vertebrae . but the jury at teesside crown court took less than an hour to return unanimous not guilty verdicts to charges of unlawful wounding and inflicting grievous
bradley parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through . his mother tiffany , 35 , shared a picture of her son in hospital and said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in coventry . she described how her son had been robbed at knifepoint several times and even slashed in the face .
vonda thedford , 55 , was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground . when she stopped to look at the dead creature , she was disturbed to see it had ' a little truck ' in place of a nose , ` little toes ' and ` hair on its tail ' . in a bid to document the unusual-looking beast , she whipped out her camera phone .
deni kirkova , 24 , paid a visit to six different pret a manger shops in london . she wore no make-up , glasses and a casual outfit consisting of jeans and a plain top . before paying a visit , she amped up the glamour by removing her glasses .
family of everybody loves raymond actor said to be in ` absolute shock ' . sweeten , 19 , shot himself in the head while visiting a family member 's home in texas on thursday morning . his manager , dino may , told us weekly there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life in the upstairs part of the house .
charles severance , 54 , has been charged with the murders of nancy dunning , ron kirby and ruthanne lodato in alexandria , virginia . all three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks . severance was in court for a hearing on thursday .
deshawn isabelle , 15 , has been arrested for allegedly robbing , beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a chicago train . his mother recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police . the middle school student also stole $ 2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in thailand and spent it on junk food , air jordan track suits and his graduation fees .
former davis high school english teacher brianne altice , 35 , pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students . one of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with altice . one testified that he considered her to be his girlfriend during their yearlong tryst . but the boys were all minors , and utah law also says a person can not consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust . altice
scientists have been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes . the bubbling lava erupting from the volcanic vent hades produced a distinctive acoustic signature . rather than the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land , underwater volcanoes give off a muted thrum instead . however , the research could allow scientists to monitor undersea volcanoes far more effectively than they have before .
china 's mastiff market collapse revealed after animal-welfare workers rescued a group of dogs that were being transported to a slaughterhouse . a third of the dogs were already dead and none had been given food or water for three days . the dogs ' skin can also be used for leather belts .
engineers developed the human powered vehicle -lrb- hpv -rrb- and will attempt to beat the women 's arm-powered speed record in nevada later this year . it will be piloted and powered by paracyclist liz mcternan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour . the current benchmark is held by tracy miller who broke the record on 13 may 1995 on a bike called chairiot .
brian cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in bangor , maine on thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper . he immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and , realizing it was a sizable sum , they then contacted the police department . officer dustin dow went to the store to take the report and learned that a man had visited the security office to claim he had lost about $ 4,000 in the parking lot .
the remote beach hut on mudeford spit in christchurch , dorset , is the same price as a five-bedroom house in herefordshire . owners will also have to shell out between # 2,500 and # 4,000 a year in ground rent to christchurch borough council for use of the hut . it commands spectacular views across the solent , but the vista is presently blighted by a rubbish skip dumped on the beach .
lynne weedon , 16 , was attacked and raped in an alleyway near her home . she was found barely alive at an electricity sub-station the next morning . detectives believes lynda farrow , who was knifed to death in 1979 , was also a victim of the same killer .
kim pappas , 25 , was two hours into her working day at ceva logistics in wyandotte , michigan , on march 31 when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy . nobody knew she was pregnant . her attempt at secrecy , however , was foiled minutes later when two employees went to the restroom , which was covered in blood .
the tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it . this week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds . the young male is the second of its species ever seen .
five-year-old jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in zheng du city , central china . her mother , zheng jiayu , 31 , now can not afford the huge # 100,000 medical bill .
taliban annual ` spring offensive ' began today with failed rocket attack . 80 per cent of afghanistan is currently ` controlled ' by the taliban . taliban claims they have ` killed and wounded hundreds of americans ' . no casualties have been reported but attacks symbolize worrying indicator of broad areas being targeted .
the one direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa during a stay at london 's soho hotel on wednesday night . now , a series of newly-released snapchat shots of the raucous gathering have emerged , appearing to show the singer in his hotel room in the small hours of thursday morning .
sergeant louise lucas , 41 , was off-duty and on a shopping trip with daughter . she was struck as they tried to cross kingsway - a busy road in the city centre . mother-of-three , from llanishen , cardiff , was rushed to hospital where doctors battled to save her but she later died . onlookers say pair were inches from bus but sgt lucas managed to push daughter to safety and took full impact of collision .
lucy , 23 , is face of sunkissed . called on sister lydia to join her in latest beauty campaign . says her favourite feature is her ` small waist ' . lucy stars in second campaign for fake tanning brand . says she 's not the only family member making waves in the modelling world .
kim woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue . the 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the strand , london in 1889 . ms woodward will head a team of about 35 chefs , of whom some 40 per cent are women .
andrew hichens , 28 , will be working with one pc and two police community service officers in hayle in western cornwall . as ` tri-service safety officer ' , he does not have the power to make arrests and will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages while on hand to respond to most 999 calls .
students from zeta beta tau at both the university of florida and emory university in atlanta , georgia , have been accused of disrespecting the ex-servicemen during the warrior beach retreat in panama city on april 17 . the event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families at the luxurious l whakedown resort . instead of being acknowledged for their service , some of the attendees claim they were subjected
samsung 's previous watches have all had rectangular faces , or in the case of the gear s , a curved design . simply referred to as ` the next gear ' , images of the watch 's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about samsung developer scheme . in its press release , samsung said : ` the new wearable device will be the 7th generation of samsung gear with a wrist watch type ' . this is the first time samsung has released its wearable sdk
the midlands city topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations with almost 15,000 between 2013 and 2014 . newcastle is officially the most pest-infested place in the country with 5 % of those living on tyneside reporting problems with rats , cockroaches , wasps and other creepy crawlies . in knowsley , merseyside , 3.4 % of residents were forced to call in exterminators last year .
the women 's health initiative in the us and the million women study in the uk have both revealed strong evidence that hrt increases a woman 's risk of breast , womb and ovarian cancers . researchers found if women use combined hrt for more than 10 years , their risks are even higher .
the remote community in aberdeenshire does not even have a shop but local streams have been well known for grains of gold of ` significant size ' for decades . towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry but a two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions .
christien sechrist , 20 , from houston , texas , had a black and white image of his son perseus etched onto the left side of his head in july . but a snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on imgur earlier this week .
bad weather may destroy weekend plans in multiple states , with both thunderstorms and tornadoes forecast to strike . the tornado took place at about 2:45 pm near belle glade in palm beach county , but did not cause any damage . the news comes after a tornado touched down in florida on thursday afternoon .
former navy seal robert o'neill will host a ` machine gun fun ' shooting competition at a conservative fundraising event in jackson hole , wyoming . guests would be housed at the amangani resort hotel , a mountain hotel complex on the edge of the grand teton national park .
labour leader accused of stooping to a ` shameful ' new low by blaming david cameron for the mediterranean refugee crisis . he used a keynote campaign speech today to suggest the deaths of hundreds of refugees could have been avoided if the prime minister had done more . in a briefing note sent out before the speech , labour went further - claiming the crisis was ` in part a direct result ' of cameron 's foreign policy .
george kirby and doreen luckie from eastbourne , east sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988 . george , currently 102 , proposed on valentine 's day and will marry for the third time on june 13 - getting hitched .
barbara anne beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in greenville on january 2 . the coroner 's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect . prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members .
elizabeth ` elle ' edmunds established an online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment . police alleged the 31-year-old mother from belmont , near newcastle in nsw , used a falsified doctor 's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $ 2500 from her page . she was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by deception .
the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 . originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple , the license plate still bears his initials . more than 45 people placing bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room , over the phone and on the internet .
christopher whitmore , 36 , pulled up behind his wife melissa ball , 27 , and their eight-year-old son grayden in the backseat last night . police said ball and whitmore had a history of domestic issues . at this stage it is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting in varnell .
xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found in a small dark room by police earlier this week . now 34 , a very gaunt xie , who did not know what year it was when he was rescued because he was so isolated from the outside world , said he was hit with a hammer , never fed properly and beaten daily .
navinder singh sarao , 37 , is facing extradition and is wanted by american prosecutors after allegedly causing the 2010 wall street ` flash crash ' . he is accused of using computer programs to create ` spoof ' transactions on the chicago mercantile exchange , and faces charges which could carry a 380-year prison sentence .
the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . but mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $ 5 and up , depending on distance and demand . chipotle is thought to have turned down previous offers of collaboration with third-party delivery services - but has now given postmates the green light .
etali safari lodge offers game drives and walks to see the continent 's big five , one of the animals is often ticked off the list before leaving the hotel . one african elephant has subverted the resort 's efforts to keep him from emptying their pools . staff have nicknamed the elephant troublesome .
eva kor had waited 70 years for a moment such as this . she was face to face with former ss man on trial for his alleged part in the slaughter at auschwitz . he placed a kiss on her cheek and listened to the words of the 81-year-old woman who was once the subject of josef mengele 's monstrous human experiments .
kerrie armitage , from leeds , suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria -- an allergy to water . she was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm . she claims a kiss from her husband can trigger a painful flare-up .
bahar mustafa , 27 , student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london , posed in front of a ` no white men ' sign . the handmade poster also refers to a ban on ` cis ' or cisgender men , a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match . miss mustafa appeared to ban men and white people from attending the meeting in this facebook post .
liam byrne left a memo on his desk after labour 's election defeat in 2010 . he said : ` dear chief secretary , i 'm afraid that there is no money . kind regards and good luck ' . memo found by his liberal democrat successor david laws . mr alexander today finally got round to sending a letter to the present chief secretary .
thomas britteon , 28 , was one of three brits arrested after naval officers stormed the yacht , 200 miles off the south-west coast of ireland . the 35-year-old window cleaner , from bradford , was jailed for eight years yesterday after admitting drug trafficking and importation .
jet set candy 's marry british royalty spinner charm comes in 14k gold vermeil or sterling silver for $ 198 and $ 148 . the charm has a double-sided wheel of fortune-style spinner , allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin . prince harry is one of the eight ` future husbands ' listed on the charm 's playful spinner wheel .
australians have taken to social media to remember the sacrifice of the anzacs . tens of thousands also assembled at melbourne 's shrine of remembrance , despite cold and wet conditions . tributes flow for the servicemen and women as a number of wreaths have been laid at a cenotaph in sydney 's cbd .
dan churchill , 25 , appeared as a guest star alongside lively on good morning america -lrb- gma -rrb- on tuesday . churchill admitted to hollywood star blake lively that he crushes more on hubby ryan reynolds with a ` bro burger ' on the same day . ' i will do my best to honour every little boys dream tomorrow , ' churchill said .
the lincolnshire resort joins picturesque places such as st ives and windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property . billy butlin located his first holiday park at skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year . cornwall , with its 300 mile coastline , is the nation 's holiday home hotspot , with more than 10,000 holiday properties located there .
labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike . but it has also been deployed when he is just making brief remarks or holding question and answer events with members of the public . comes after he forgot to mention the deficit while speaking without a lectern or autocueue .
lisa heath , 45 , an assistant at willowtown community primary school , gwent , had been carrying class b amphetamines after police were called and quizzed her . she initially denied the drugs were hers , saying they had been planted on her , but later changed her story , accepting a caution for possession . gwent police confirmed its officers were called to the school in ebbw vale on march 19 after receiving reports a controlled substance had been discovered on the premises .
biometric scanning , sustainable hotels and personalised bookings will have made the discovery , planning and booking of a journey into a seamless and intuitive experience . global futurist daniel burrus tells skyscanner that in the future each of us may have an ` e-agent ' inside a watch or small piece of jewellery , that goes everywhere with us .
officials rejected emma sulkowicz 's case that paul nungesser was a ` serial rapist ' who assaulted her after class . columbia university presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website . defendants include the school , its board of trustees , president lee c. bollinger and professor jon kessler .
concept artist alex brady from cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like . he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to las vegas , with neon lights and plenty of attractions . but for these drawings he decided to try his hand at imagining the future of space travel .
the video features an australian pediatrician and an indian physiologist . the video 's poster shows a cropped image of a doctor wearing an nhs style blue surgical scrubs , almost identical to images seen on the british healthcare service 's leaflets . it is unclear of his real identity but it is possible he is a convert .
` project elysium ' claims to do just that by creating a ` personalised afterlife experience ' with loved ones who have passed . the technology , which is still under development , could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers . the app 's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work .
diet pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to customer fears over its safety . the ingredient , used in fizzy drinks and diet products , has been at the centre of critical reports dating back decades linking it to everything from cancer to premature birth . sales in pepsico 's beverage business have been hurt by a long-term decline in soft drink sales in the united states .
former district judge g. todd baugh has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association . baugh , 73 , sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old cherice moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher . moralez killed herself before the case went to trial .
john elder and armin t. wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a turkish government . as armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities , many western countries still do not use that word , and us president barack obama is once again unlikely to do so in his upcoming statement .
driver , named ashley x , was caught on camera driving his honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the m11 in essex in 2009 . he initially ignored essex police 's attempts to confirm who was driving the car before making up a series of stories to shift the blame . but for five years he tried to deny the offence and committed two serious offences which ultimately led to him being sent to prison .
deputy kerry kempink shot a dog dead while responding to a call . he started to walk towards the home but was stopped by two black rottweilers . within seconds of them approaching , he shot the closest dog , 18-month-old cowboy . owner carla gloger appeared moments later and shouted at the officer : ` they 're not even vicious ' .
jenna marotta , 27 , of new york , says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became ` self-sabotaging ' at first . as a child she developed bad eating habits - she would skip breakfast and lunch , then stuff her face with whatever she wanted for hours when she got home . after graduation , her mom kept a stainless steel 10x magnifying mirror and an array of tweezerman tweezers .
the discovery was made by researchers in the atlantic forest of serra do japi in the state of são paulo , brazil . called hylodes japi , it was found to mate underground in secret chambers . males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes . and the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators .
daniela d'addario has been charged with her murder after fleeing from officers when they stopped the car and made the grim discovery on wednesday night . she had been in a ` very tumultuous relationship ' with josaia ` joey ' vosikata , 27 , for about four months . she found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in fiji after he moved into her apartment in canberra .
new york and connecticut authorities are in search of a woman accused of stealing the identity of a cancer-stricken fashion executive who lay dying in a manhattan hospital . surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $ 9,000 out of the account of kate sullivan at chase branches in commack and freeport on september 23 , 2014 . the 50-year-old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers kimora lee simmons and diane von furst
anthony martinez , openly-gay high school junior , was touched when his straight guy friend , jacob lescenski , stepped in to fill the spot . martinez instantly responded to the question with a huge pink banner reading : ` guess who just got asked to prom by @jacob_lescenski . ' .
the 1986 janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery . last year nspcc boss peter wanless led a review of home office files from 1979 to 1999 and concluded it would be ` impossible ' to unearth this and the other 113 missing files .
new york mets closer jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for a banned substance . the 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least july and would be ineligible for the playoffs if the team make the post-season .
randy and jodi speidel , from bellefontaine , ohio , took their own lives this week , more than two months after they created online fundraisers begging for financial help . mrs speidel wrote on giveforward.com in late february that they had been living without gas all winter , had no running water and were close to having their electricity and internet service shut off . the speidles were forced to limit their food intake to a single meal a day and did
transport for london has launched a new campaign to tackle sexual assault on public transport . a video in which a female commuter is groped while on the tube sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male . every time the man steps up his creepy efforts , the narrator asks : ` would you report it ? ' .
arianna miyamoto , 20 , was crowned miss japan last month . she was born and raised in japan but has faced horrific racial abuse . some critics of ariana 's win have complained she is a mixed race ` hafu ' and not japanese enough . but the beauty queen had to use her first television appearance after her selection to apologetically explain to reporters that while she does n't ` look japan ' on the outside , on the inside there are ` many
bianca gascoigne , 28 , was targeted by the gang of eight on tuesday . she talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone in central london . the attackers are thought to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag , but ran away when she fought them off . miss gascocoigne is said to have been devastated given the nature of the text messages stored on her phone .
karen buckley died of head and neck injuries , according to her death certificate . her remains were uncovered at high craigton farm , near milngavie . former private schoolboy alexander pacteau , 21 , appeared at glasgow sheriff court today . he was charged with the murder of the irish student and attempting to defeat the ends of justice on april 17 .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday . he sprayed the hostess with champagne straight into the face of one of the hostesses . but a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver . others have called the driving ace an 'em barrassment to the uk ' .
ukip leader said the pain meant he was not ` firing on all cylinders ' . he revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury . mr farage is known for having a cigarette in his hand but was pictured smoking an e-cigarette yesterday . he claims campaigning has not left him with enough time to attend nhs appointments .
snp leader admits she understands concerns of english voters . she also suggested david cameron had been ` not unhelpful ' to the snp . comes after she insisted she would put ed miliband into downing street even if labour wins 40 fewer seats than the tories in a hung parliament .
james webster , 35 , targeted female shoppers at lidl store in lidl , berkshire . caught after attracting attention of fellow shopper who spotted him moving bag . admitted outraging public decency at previous hearing and was spared jail . but webster walked free from court after magistrates sitting in slough .
police began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through battery park city at 6am on saturday . for two hours it evaded capture , with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it ` like a suspect ' . they then managed to corner it at merchants river house on south end avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart . it is not known whether it was the same coyote that was spotted in manhattan so far this year , and one was seen clambering
peter gale , 47 , was dismissed by nonsuch high school for girls in surrey . at the time of the announcement , the school 's governors failed to release any more details . however , an investigation by this newspaper has discovered that mr gale sent informal emails over a period of months to the sixth-form pupil , including messages written at night and during the holidays .
lord fellowes , 65 , has revealed he is to turn trollope 's 1858 novel doctor thorne into a new historical drama for itv . he plans another heady tv mix of romance , class struggle and social snobbery this time based on the work of anthony trollope .
the 31-year-old has reportedly been moved from hmp manchester to ashworth . cregan was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 . he was said to have started refusing food at the category a jail after being moved to solitary confinement .
` conjure chest ' is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children of a louisiana slave master while bruno amadio 's portrait of a weeping child was thought to have been cursed . during the middle of the 19th century in south carolina , jacob cooley murdered a slave named hosea for building a chest which did not meet his standards . hosea 's fellow slaves took revenge , asking a conjurer to curse the chest -- leading to the
robert downey jr accused of making racist remark about alejandro gonzalez inarritu during an interview with britain 's channel 4 . he said : ` look i respect the heck out of him . i think for a man whose native tongue is spanish to be able to put together a phrase like ` cultural genocide ' just speaks to how bright he is ' . comes three days after the 50-year-old , who plays iron man in the film , walked out
packs containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from roof of hmp altcourse in liverpool . hydraulic crane also recovered so-called ` legal highs ' as well as 22 phones , three sim cards and six chargers from the 60ft roof . altcourse , the first prison in the uk to be designed and constructed for a private operator , has been criticised for drug-related violence .
may pat christie , 51 , a managing director at new york city finance firm angelo gordon & co , ditched her $ 475,000-a-year position this week . the official reason for the resignation was ` to spend more time with her family and young children ' . but many will see the move as a sign that new jersey governor christie is coming closer to seeking the republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election .
alison saunders , 54 , sparked outrage last week when she decided 86-year-old should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia . newly-released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years .
the apollo hotel , built at the dawn of the tourism boom in the resort of playa del ingles , has been entirely revamped as the swish , sumptuous , adults-only bohemia suites & spa . each place reflects the ideas of a visionary hotelier , in this case german rembert euling .
the actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their mansion on lake como . the party is a belated celebration of mrs clooney 's 37th birthday in february . stella mccartney sleeveless marine embroidery dress . get a similar style at neiman marcus .
michael foster was appearing at a public ` hustings ' in camborne and redruth . he objected to mention of his luxurious # 1.5 million home by loveday jenkin . she claims mr foster turned to her and said : ` you c *** . if you pick on me again i will destroy you ' . labour was last night at the centre of a race row after text messages were sent to asian voters urging them to cast their postal ballots for ` all asian
marco evarastti poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir at dawn . when they boiled , vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground . he did not seek permission from local authorities before the stunt . icelandic authorities jailed him for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as ` vandalism ' .
jockey tony mccoy finished third in his 17,630 th race at sandown park . the 40-year-old has been champion jump jockey for the past 20 years . he was joined on stage by his wife chanelle and children archie and eve . it emerged that the irish jockey will be allowed to keep it in perpetuity .
a man identified as walter witt on youtube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high calbuco volcano . since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views . the volcano has been dormant since 1972 and neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption .
shoccara marcus received a call from her sister in 2011 that her father had been diagnosed with cancer , she packed up her things and within two weeks returned to her family 's atlanta , georgia home . in a project about the complexity of family dynamics , marcus said she expresses her feelings of isolation , both metaphoric and literal . in the end , she said she accepts the struggle finding love and acceptance in the space she shares with her family .
vince cable prides himself on being the tories ' bogeyman in the coalition cabinet . says with his familiar hangdog smile , they regard cable a ` closet conservative ' . similarly , some labour mps fantasise that if only boyish ed miliband could have persuaded uncle vince , labour would walk the general election .
kevin coulton decided to stick his mouth in the rim of a glass because ` everyone was doing it ' . but the 16-year-old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin . now he is warning classmates not to take part in the ` kylie jenner ' challenge .
colin bloomfield , 33 , died at a hospice near his hometown of shrewsbury . fellow broadcasters have paid tribute to the ` perfect colleague ' and ` consummate professional ' whose positive outlook on life made him such a popular figure . bloomfield lost his battle with skin cancer after it spread around his body from a cancerous mole .
former blair ally charles dunstone is now supporting the conservative party in the election . he believes david cameron and george osborne deserve much of the credit for this incredible turnaround . the jobs figures alone are astounding : 2 million more people are in work -- a figure representing many , many personal triumphs .
the panel will focus on thousands of ` adjustments ' that have been made to temperature records kept at individual weather stations around the world . sceptics have argued that the effect of such adjustments -- made when instruments are replaced or recalibrated , or heat-producing buildings are erected close to weather station sites -- has skewed the records .
bobby brown has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina 's estate according to a saturday report . this news comes just days after the 22-year-old 's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed . the daughter of whitney houston was recently moved from emory university hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on january 31 .
the disgraced espn reporter was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game between the new york islanders and washington capitals . she was suspended for a week footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm . ahead of her return to work , she tweeted : ` back to work . excited to be covering caps-isles today . now that the suspension is over , i want to say again that i
cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened , and women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning . for some women , the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent , which is as good as if not better than the odds for those who have chemotherapy . but experts have long-believed that the risk of cancer recurrence for certain women is a lot less than for others , and that chemotherapy may not be
the rogue european eagle owl has been terrorising the dutch town of noordeinde for months . locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird , as hoards of twitchers have flocked to the netherlands . in the most recent incident , the bird was caught on camera showing off its wingspan as it soared from a house .
the 47-year-old was invited to join other international celebrity guests onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg . as the fleet headed out of harbour , the guests all jumped off the vessels . but the action turns more into a jump than a dive as the water comes nearer .
mother-of-two anna tilley survived after spending four days in intensive care with blood poisoning . sepsis , previously known as septicaemia , affects more than 100,000 britons a year and kills 37,000 -- more than breast , bowel and prostate cancer combined .
qatar 's constellation group sensationally snapped up a majority stake in the company that owns claridge 's , the connaught and the berkeley hotel . they now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated # 740 million , and have spent # 11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the uk .
dana perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the walter reed hospital in washington , d.c. perino said these regular visits were usually filled with joy , but this particular meeting was one of the exceptions . perino wrote in her new book and the good news is : lessons and advice from the bright side .
anzac day dates back to australia 's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s . on saturday , as aussies commemorated the landing at gallipoli , thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game in the spirit of the diggers . the game is considered a form of gambling and is illegal at all other times .
a number of pages , written in arabic , have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty . they are said to be advertising ` reliable ' and ` comfortable ' travel to europe on overcrowded vessels for around $ 1,000 per person . discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone .
comedian jenny eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in venus break with flavours . she serves only to remind you how much weight you forgot to lose again this year and how ill-fitting your swimming costume is . this is the time when the ` alternative holiday experience ' tickles your holiday tastebuds and you find yourself looking at brochures for nordic cruises .
paul mason , 54 , from ipswich , suffolk , managed to shed 46st in five years . but the nhs have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin . the former postman would eat quadruple portions of fish and chips in the evening .
elizabeth elena laguna salgado is from chiapas , mexico , and moved to provo about a month ago to study english . there is no evidence she was kidnapped , but she has n't made contact with anybody since she disappeared april 16 . a volunteer search is scheduled for saturday morning in provo .
pippa middleton is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies in geneva . at # 4 each , the nappappies are not cheap and they are yet to catch on in the uk . but they are all the rage in europe and pippa may have learned of their merits during one of her frequent trips to switzerland where her boyfriend nico jackson lives .
eight-week-old labradors were found near a tennessee goodwill donation site on april 18 without any food or water inside of the box where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees . a woman who said the dogs were covered in urine and suffering from heat exhaustion saw the box moving when she approached it tearing a hole into the top finding the dogs . the animals have been named greta garbo , bette davis and marilyn monroe and have been flourishing since they began treatment
the image has been circulating on mother 's groups in australia . professor of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment . the world-renowned gynaecologist says a drive to reduce the rates of c-sections is forcing obstetricians to ` act against their own better professional judgment ' .
john pat cunningham , 27 , was shot dead by the army in a field in june 1974 . dennis hutchings , who has been charged with attempted murder , appeared at omagh magistrates court today and was released on bail . detective from psni 's serious crime branch told court he believed he could connect him to the charge against him .
the zeta beta tau fraternity was suspended friday and charged with obscene behavior , public intoxication , theft , causing physical or other harm , and damage to property . wounded veteran nicholas connole , who served 18 months in afghanistan and nine months in iraq , said he felt like he had to ` defend himself ' against the students .
sir richard branson converted the old chapel in shipton-on-cherwell , oxfordshire , into a family home in the 1970s . at the time he converted the property , branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel . other artists using the manor included sandy denny , the bonzo dog doo-dah band and john cale .
navinder sarao , 36 , made the bold claim in an email to business colleagues . us prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the ` flash crash ' of wall street . the crash netted him # 27 million in profits , they claim . he appeared at westminster magistrates ' court on wednesday .
gary lincoln , 48 , was working in a house in cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist . he put in his sleeve ` to hold everything together ' and was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month .
william kerr absconded from a bail hostel in hull after he was released . the 53-year-old strangled maureen comfort and put her body in a cupboard . his arrest came after a # 5,000 reward was offered for information on his whereabouts on bbc 's crimewatch .
australian actor hugh sheridan has made a desperate plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother zachary . at least 18 climbers were killed after the quake which buried tents at the base camp but it 's not known whether any australians were among the group . the family of 20-year-old ballantyne forder led a tireless campaign , making headlines as they pleaded for help to find ms forder , who had been working in an orphan
ed miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm that helps people overcome anxiety and find their ` inner voice ' . consultants drafted in by labour leader claim to work with politicians to build ` leadership skills ' using ` neuroscience ' and ` business psychology ' . services offered by extendedmind include coaching on how to look ` authentic ' .
nicola sturgeon has racked up support across scotland since resignation . but weeks after having to deny allegations of back-room plotting against ed miliband , the 44-year-old has been rocked by more smearing claims yet . according to her sister , gillian owens , the politician was prone to hacking the hair of dolls as a child .
macau has 26 casinos , including the largest in the world , the venetian . located at the mouth of the pearl river delta at the southern tip of china , macau comprises a peninsula and two islands . the highlights for us were the ruins of st paul 's , elegant senado square , and a-ma temple , which is more than 500 years old .
dontrell stephens did n't die after he was shot by palm beach county sheriff 's office deputy adam lin , but the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down . stephens walked toward the deputy with his phone in his hand and was shot four times just seconds later .
pauline mckee thought she hit it big in 2011 when , after putting a penny in the ` miss kitty ' game at the isle hotel casino in waterloo , iowa , the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $ 41,797,550.16 . but on friday the iowa supreme court determined mckee , who has thirteen grandchildren , had only won $ 1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game . the game 's rules stated
the show is an eight episode series in which couples live , eat , and even sleep with a new significant other . deadline reports that the series is named after the 1955 broadway show the seven year itch that was later developed into the film starring marilyn monroe and tom ewell . the show 's concept is based on the idea that after seven years of marriage , spouses often become restless and regret their decision to wed .
channel 4 's indian summers star olivia grant headed to phuket in thailand before the start of filming the second series . she was staying at the luxurious sri panwa resort , which comprises a series of minimalist villas complete with surround-sound systems pumping out enya .
vassilis is the boatman at the eagles palace , a long-established family hotel designed to look a little like one of the many monasteries further along the coast . it is 90 minutes ' drive from the airport at thessaloniki , along a road that meanders through olive groves and low-lying wooded valleys .
officers of the central motorway police group -lrb- cmpg -rrb- spotted the delorean as it travelled between stoke-on-trent and crewe yesterday morning . officers joked that the futuristic-looking car from the 1980s had a ` leaky flux capacitor ' from the movie .
jay liptrot , 43 , was among the first firefighters on scene of 200c inferno . his tenant lee-anna shiers , 20 , her partner liam timbrell , 23 , their baby charlie , 15 months , and niece skye , two , were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat . melanie smith , 45 , a neighbour of the victims , was jailed for life for murdering the family .
east lancashire railway 's award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast 's calendar . pull on your glad rags and be transported back to wartime britain over the late may bank holiday weekend . spot captain mainwaring lookalikes in the battle re-enactments , do your best lindy hop to the sounds of 1940s-style bands , ogle vintage cars and indulge in a cream tea on a steam train .
adam barker served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012 . he is an equal shareholder in handles for forks ltd , which manages and distributes his father 's work . the company made # 501,319 profit in the year to last june , which will be split with his sister charlotte , 53 , and brother laurence , 46 .
the man , who can not be named for legal reasons , was given a life sentence after jurors heard how he ` took his daughter 's life ' through sexual abuse . his depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when she was just a teenager , having ` poisoned ' the girl against her mother .
jeannie flynn , 53 , lay stricken in the basement of a fulham cafe . she was in a state of sheer panic as she heard concerned passers-by screaming ` get her out because it 's all going to collapse ' . a worker from the marrakech express cafe then came to the rescue opening up their basement and leading her upstairs for a coffee .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' . one of the notes allegedly said , ` apes were never meant to drive so stop ' .
luis andres cuyun , 30 , was riding in a car when two suspected mara salvatrucha members opened fired on him and his driver , who was injured in the attack . the director and his companion , social welfare official abimael rodas palacios , 18 , were arrested after a short police chase . the incident reportedly stretched for several blocks .
software programmer charanjeet kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess . if he is right , the heir will have wispy blonde hair , dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old . he ran the same software when it was announced kate was pregnant for the first time with prince george .
gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites . police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window , tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle or a cable lock .
cassie miller was in her car picking up brynn 's son for preschool in tenino , washington , when she accidentally ran over the little girl . rowyn was only 17-months-old when she was killed instantly in the driveway of her home in september last year , by one of her mother 's friends .
the bill would prevent adolescents from smoking , buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes . governor david ige has n't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues . the bill includes a $ 10 fine for first-time offenders .
the store front of foxtons brixton was covered in shattered glass while ` no evictions ' and ` yuppies ' was spray painted in black across their housing advertisements . police spokesman confirmed one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage . one of the event 's organisers denounced the violent actions of ` one idiot ' but told mailonline there could be a reason .
andreas christopheros , 29 , was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in truro , cornwall . her husband david phillips , 48 , has been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at bodmin magistrates court on april 30 .
mohammad ali akhtar was only on second shift at premier stores in flixton . man stormed in brandishing a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money . mr akhtar , who had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand , has revealed he thought he was going to die in the 40-second assault .
dr adrian quarterman is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy , the times reported . the satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light . if it works , it could mean solar power could even become viable in scotland , or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas .
tensions rose at valdosta state university when campus police found a backpack containing a handgun on tuesday . police said they traced the gun to a protester who was part of the flag-walking demonstration , and they issued a warrant for eric sheppard 's arrest on charges of bringing a firearm onto a college campus . manhart , 38 , was detained by police when she refused to return the flag .
scientists are working towards building a robot that thinks , senses and acts just like the tiny insects . the artificial brain is being created by the green brain project , which is a collaboration between researchers from sheffield and sussex . one day it is hoped the remote controlled machines could be used to pollinate crops or even assist on search and rescue missions .
aaron kaufman , former chief technology officer of blue shield , accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations , hotel stays and lavish nights out with reid . blue shield also mentioned reid in their complaint , saying she ` behaved inappropriately ' by posting raunchy images of herself at the event to social media .
top gear colleagues harangued out of argentina last year , judge rules . maria cristina barrionuevo said they were deliberately ` provoking people ' . she slammed their actions as ` arrogant and disrespectful ' . clarkson and his colleagues fled the south american country last year .
simon wood , 38 , battled it out against emma spitzer and tony rodd . the final followed seven weeks of tough challenges including the ` chef 's table ' . mr wood served a starter of octopus with chorizo and cannellini beans . he finished with a dessert of lemon posset topped with seven garnishes .
prime minister will say tories are party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on . he will set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side . claim will be seen as tacit endorsement of leadership ambitions of culture secretary sajid javid .
the mistley thorn has been around for ten years , and revels in an understated luxury . we are paying # 100 for two people , dinner alone would usually be about # 60 ; breakfast at least a tenner each . but what on earth makes us think the french do off-beat restaurants with rooms better than us ?
sabeen mahmud 's sandals remained resting in the footwell of her car , while the exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood . investigators declined to speculate on a motive for the killing , friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination in pakistan .
manchester university in indiana was in lockdown late friday night after a ` likely prank call ' about an armed person near the main administration building . police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university . manchester university had issued a statement advising students at its north manchester campus , some 36 miles west of fort wayne , to shelter in place .
the global coffeehouse chain said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the us and canada . it did not explain exactly what caused the outage , which began in the early evening on the east coast and in the late afternoon on the west coast . excited twitter users spread the word about the giveaway , sharing photos of the free-of-charge drinks .
nigel farage was seen at a ukip rally in broadstairs on friday . national front members turned up to campaign for him in the south thanet . they were led by gary field , a former regional organiser for the english defence league . mr field drank beers behind the cordon with fellow members of his group .
australian doctor who calls himself ` abu yusuf ' is the face of the latest islamic state propaganda video in which the terrorist organisation announces the launch of its own health service in syria . the video 's poster shows a man with an australian accent mimicking britain 's national health service . the vision , which is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group .
bruce jenner 's face has changed dramatically since achieving fame in 1976 , when he won olympic gold in the men 's decathlon . now sporting manicures and ponytails , the former playgirl cover hunk has evolved from being the picture of american manliness into a favorite feminine topic of tabloid speculation .
image is said to grace the wall of sturgeon 's suburban glasgow home . entitled ` naughty nicola ' , it depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress , black suspenders on display and whip in hand . her husband , peter murrell , is the man credited with transforming the nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman .
lindsay sandiford believes she will be executed by the end of the year . the 58-year-old broke down in tears last night when she learned her friend -- australian drugs gang leader andrew chan -- is to be shot this week . chan was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called bali nine heroin smuggling plot .
a suicide bomber first attacked the convoy before militants opened fire . a colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack in the nadhem al-taqseem region , north of fallujah in the anbar province yesterday . fighting has been focused on the provincial capital of ramadi , where the government had been making slow progress .
in the latest video from the elders react series on thefinebros youtube channel , the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to snapchat with hilarious - and mixed -- results . all of which are caught on camera . and many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app , which allows users to share photos that will disappear within 10 seconds . meanwhile , another confused woman named vera calls the app ` snapchess ' .
more than 10,000 australians and new zealanders are sitting in reverence on the shores of the gallipoli peninsula . defence force chief mark binskin said the troops who fought in the first world war became more than just soldiers as they were the ` founding heroes of modern australia ' . as dawn broke , families of soldiers , leaders and visitors gathered near former battlefields .
geoff whitington , 63 , from kent , was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated . despite the wobbly bottom lip and huffy , crossed arms , geoff happens to be a father of four grown-up children .
the password , 166816 , is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers . researchers david byrne and charles henderson said that the unidentified vendor had been using the same password since at least 1990 . this potentailly puts the devices at risk of being a target of a security breach .
nbc 's committee investigating the alleged misrepresentation of reporting experiences made by brian williams . the anchor said he caught the eye of the lead mounted government soldier before violence at cairo 's tahrir square made the situation ` turn sour ' . however , there is no footage of the anchor actually on the square during what he called the moment demonstrations ` turned sour ' and descended into violence .
former pm said snp want ` chaos and constitutional crisis ' at westminster . he warned those casting their vote on may 7 will be deciding future of scotland . mr brown was speaking during a joint event with local labour candidate and shadow foreign secretary douglas alexander at elderslie village hall in renfrewshire .
isidro garcia , 41 , will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade . authorities said the daughter of garcia 's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in santa ana . after an argument broke out at the home , the girl said , garcia took her to a neighboring county ,
hannah wilson 's body was found on friday in the rural area of needmore , indiana , which is about an hour drive outside bloomington , where she attended school . daniel messel , 49 , was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder . wilson was last seen at around 1am friday .
sergio gomez found ` large quantities ' of the silvery metal in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years . because of the potential significance of liquid mercury in ritual ends , deeper into the complex gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting place of a king .
queen elizabeth ii placed 302nd on the sunday times rich list with wealth of # 340m , compared with 285th last year . brothers sri and gopi hinduja were pushed into second placed as wealth was valued at # 13.2 bn . those placed lowest on the 1,000 rankings have around # 100million more than last year , the biggest annual leap in 18 years .
amanda goff appeared on a tv show in la about sex and relationships . in her new book , hooked , the 40-year-old said she was shocked her revelation garnered so much attention from the media . ms goff said the most troubling part of her ` coming out ' experience was the response she received from other mothers , who expected her children to ` endure a life of misery ' .
nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at stanford university in california - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall . another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed μtug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier . they are so successful they could be used in emergencies , in factories or on construction sites in the future .
alondra luna nunez was mistakenly flown to texas on april 16 after a judge in the western state of michoacan ruled in favor of a houston woman who believed she was her daughter . she was returned to her family in mexico on wednesday after dna testing in the united states showed she was not the long-missing daughter of dorotea garcia . the national human rights commission has launched its own investigation , which its president luis ra
the gulf state 's constellation hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company coroin - which owns five-star offerings . it is not known how much the deal is worth , but some have reported it could be as much as # 1.6 billion . qatar 's royal family , which owns more of london than the crown estate , is also planning their own british palace in the capital .
susie clark , of evening shade , arkansas , found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on thursday , her last day of a trip to the park with her husband . clark named the pinto-bean-sized , teardrop-shaped gem a ` hallelujah diamond ' because she spotted the gem shortly after praying that she would find something . the search field had just been plowed earlier in the
gable tostee , 29 , was on bail for the alleged murder of new zealand woman warriena tagpuno wright when he was found to be four times over the legal limit . the accused murderer continued to drive on the car 's rims until the chase came to an end , after he had crossed the queensland border . he admitted to police he was intoxicated and his vehicle was unregistered .
patient being treated for suspected rabies in a northern ireland hospital . lisa mcmurray died at the same belfast hospital in 2009 after contracting rabies while working in south africa . nhs website states infections are mostly picked up during travel abroad and are almost always fatal unless early treatment is received .
sbs football reporter and presenter scott mcintyre took to social media to tweet ` inappropriate ' and ` despicable ' tweets . the tweets were met with disgust by twitter users who began the hashtag #sackscottmcintyre great day for australia ruined by this fool . the sbs journalist accused the australian diggers of committing war crimes .
the 26-year-old man has been identified by the adelaide advertiser as chris blowes . mr blowes was surfing about 350 metres offshore near right point on the south-western side of fishery bay in port lincoln national park . shocked witnesses recall seeing what they believed was a six-metre great white shark swimming away with the surfer 's leg and a surfboard in its jaw .
latasha gosling , 27 , of tisdale , in saskatchewan , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , were discovered wednesday . steve o'shaughnessy , 23 , was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in prince albert . gososling 's cousin tim funk said he sent the photos the day before his birthday .
melissa klein and her husband aaron refused to make the couple , who held a commitment ceremony in june 2013 , a cake after learning they were lesbians . the kleins were able to raise more than $ 100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating gofundme 's terms of service . the judge 's friday verdict comes after the bowman-cryers filed a civil rights suit in the case , which has joined a series of
a woman had to be rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters following saturday 's severe storms . the woman was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at zetland in sydney 's inner-east . she was helped out of the vehicle by the officer and his co-worker at about 6.30 pm and did not suffer any injuries . the second round of wild weather in new south wales came after just two days of clear skies and
ron ingraham , 67 , spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on thanksgiving . he eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of friday ingraham is missing again , in potentially more danger than before . according to the u.s. coast guard , his ship ran aground on rocks around a mile west of hawaii 's lanai island . his sailing mate , kenny corder , was thrown into the
xie xu , 18 , met his 19-year-old classmate zhang chi when they began attending school together at daxu high school in xuzhou , china . zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy , a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight . each day xie carries zhang from their rooms to the school , and helps him with daily tasks such as getting meals and washing clothes
the los angeles angels of anaheim are so desperate to rid themselves of major league baseball star josh hamilton that they might decide to pay almost $ 70million for him to play in texas . hamilton , who has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in february , is going to be sent back to his former team , the texas rangers . he has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on february
craig ` lazie ' lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies , including one in which a knife was held to a terrified father 's throat in front of his family . yet , as this picture and his posts show , lynch has been free to run a sneering facebook site from his cell in bedford prison .
sen. thad cochran 's personal assistant has been charged with trafficking drugs from china to use as payment for sexual favors . police launched an investigation after seizing a package on april 9 with over a kilo of the date rape drug gbl addressed to fred pagan . pagan was paid $ 160,000 in his senate role last year .
the bionic bar is among many hi-tech gimmicks on board royal caribbean 's second quantum-class liner . passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips , which can be pressed against various sensors . the 375 interior staterooms also have sea views from virtual balconies -- window-sized led screens showing real-time footage shot by exterior cameras .
calvin harris has amassed since bursting onto the scene eight years ago . his # 70 million nest egg eclipses the fortunes of household names such as kylie minogue and sir cliff richard . last year alone he earned # 45 million , making him comfortably the best paid dj on the planet .
yener torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of the changing city of istanbul . the 32-year-old photographer documents his work to his instagram , which has over 50,000 followers . he admits he has to hunt around in order to find the most dramatic and colourful ones .
tracey woodford was last seen by her family on april 21 in rhydyfelin . she was reported missing the next day and her body was found on friday . a man named locally as christopher may , 50 , has been arrested . police confirmed yesterday they had been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect .
pm subsequently admitted he 'd suffered a ` brain fade ' during election campaign address in croydon , where he was outlining his vision for black and ethnic minority communities . he said : ` this country where people of all faiths , all colours , creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place ' .
the 20-bed surgical unit at st mary 's hospital , london , has not accepted new patients in more than a week . eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae , or cpe . if all goes to plan , the duchess of cambridge hopes to have her baby at the private lindo wing of the hospital .
coke has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red to ` help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the coca-cola range ' . many drinkers have been left baffled when confronted with the red tops associated with regular coke on lower calorie and reduced or zero sugar bottles .
royals pitcher yordano ventura was handed a seven-game suspension , fellow starter edinson volquez given five games and outfielder lorenzo cain and reliever kelvin herrera got two games apiece . the royals have not said whether they plan to appeal their punishments , which would begin with sunday 's series finale because of a rainout saturday .
ed miliband accused of plunging general election campaign to a ` new low ' . party 's spin machine prompted the most bitter row of the campaign . senior conservatives claimed mr miliband was effectively ` accusing the prime minister of murder ' in a ` desperate and negative ' attempt to score political points .
sebastiano quagliata and his wife , valbona lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of craig sytsma of livonia , michigan . the father-of-three was attacked by two cane corsos last july in metamora township , 45 miles northwest of detroit . the two have been in custody for months and were facing a second-degree murder charge before making the plea deal
the mid-size ship , with an on-board climbing wall , is sailing away from rci to thomson . so many newly constructed floating resorts come out of shipyards these days -- britannia , anthem of the seas and norwegian escape all this year . take magellan , ` new flagship ' of the cruise & maritime fleet , recently christened in tilbury .
cosmopolitan editor bronwyn mccahon says her magazine did n't more thoroughly investigate belle gibson before presenting her with the 2014 fun fearless female award . she says the award wo n't be taken off ms gibson despite the whole pantry founder 's admission of lying about her cancers . gibson , 23 , created a social media empire and the . whole . pantry movement on the story of her remarkable cancer survival .
former mayor lutfur rahman said to have played race card to silence critics . he insisted there was deep seated racism in the borough of tower hamlets . his comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud . political opponents said they were playing the same ` cracked record ' by seeking to blame racism and islamophobia for their problems .
grace mann , 20 , was found dead in her rented home in fredericksburg , virginia . her third roommate , steven vander briel , 30 , is accused of her murder . mann 's parents , local judge thomas mann and his wife melissa , remembered their daughter in a brief interview a week after she was found choked to death .
four swedish cops broke up a subway fight in the big apple this week , complimenting their use of safe and effective restraint tactics . tourist police officers samuel kvarzell , markus asberg , eric jansberger and erik naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the uptown 6 train this wednesday . a video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media , gaining them attention from hoards of fans , both male and female .
leslie roy , 52 , and lee marie wright , 56 , were examined at a hospital and released . they had been visiting relatives in ishpeming , in another part of the peninsula , and were planning to head south april 11 . instead , they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of girl scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of cheese puffs .
the avalanche buried part of base camp , raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers who are in the area . a number of britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake.the identities of those who died in the avalanche have not yet been released . a dining tent at basecamp has been turned into hospital .
the new jersey judge says the concert trip is n't evidence of bad parenting , despite protestations by the father . the girl 's parents are divorced , and her father accused his ex-wife of ` abusing her parental discretion ' by taking their daughter to the concert . the mother admitted to being a ` little on guard ' about taking her daughter , but that the girl was ` dying to go ' , so the mom looked up clips of the show on youtube and deemed them age-appropriate . the
bruce jenner revealed he is a republican as he announced his transition to a woman on her abc 20/20 special last night . interviewer diane sawyer looked shocked when he made the revelation . sawyer had mentioned president 's decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent state of the union address .
the brody worklounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being a part of an open office work community . the seating will be available for purchase in late august starting at $ 2,700 . brody features an led task light , privacy screen , foot rest , storage space and personal adjustable work surface .
` black mass ' claims to tell the true story of the most infamous and violent criminal in the history of south boston , james ` whitey ' bulger . but the upcoming film starring johnny depp and dakota johnson has already upset the families of some of bulger 's many victims ahead of its release in september .
samantha wills , from williamstown in south australia , welcomed the joey dubbed ` crash ' into her family after he was thrown from his mother 's pouch when she was hit by a car . they eat and live like cats and dogs , grow up learning how to hop , let their owners give them regular baths , take naps and mingle with other pets . the adorable marsupial lives a comfortable life with the wills family and even attends most of their social events .
a contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on . many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minute 's silence on at least five occasions . father arron cutugno said he was ` disgusted ' by the choice to play music during the minutes ' silence .
angela merkel demanded a new european union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength . call comes as europe struggles with growing refugee crisis in the mediterranean . hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern africa to italy .
researchers observed randomly selected parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in new york . they measured factors such as the adult 's level of engagement with the child and how distracted they seemed . researchers also observed how often the child took risks such as jumping off moving swings or going down a slide head-first .
peter moore received letter from hm revenue and customs last week . it was addressed to ` representative ' of peter william john moore and apologised . mr moore 's wife debbie said she was left ` gobsmacked ' until her husband walked through the door .
rand paul , 52 , from kentucky shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous ` king of instagram ' dan blizerian . the pair were playing liar 's poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes .
a teenager in shimla , india , has discovered the hard way that the locals should not be toyed with after his affront to a monkey left him sprawled on his back . footage captured on a cctv camera shows the playful monkey first jumping onto a ledge to watch pedestrians wander past . much like a human , the monkey interprets the gesture as an insult and responds by throwing himself at the teenager .
felix david , 24 , was shot in the chest by officers during the 1.45 pm incident and later died at a local hospital . sources said that david , who was wanted on a robbery charge , grabbed an officer 's radio and hit him over the head with it . witnesses at the scene reported hearing a scuffle and then a single gunshot .
incident was much more than just a minor skirmish on the tarmac at the busy asian airport . damage on the vehicle is clear , although it is unknown if the engine of the boeing 777 jet was damaged or if anyone was injured . mailonline travel has contacted uzbekistan airways and is awaiting comment .
two members of the navy 's elite sea , air , land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time . the names of the seals were withheld pending notification of next of kin . one seal died and another was hurt on friday at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story in virginia .
paul shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl . the 31-year-old was giving one-to-one tuition in a ` serious ' breach of his position of trust at rydens school in hersham , surrey . the father-of-one kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car . judge noel lucas ruled shorter could not be sentenced until a victim impact statement had been taken from the girl .
bulgarians love their traditional music . they have a tv channel devoted to it , and one show -- a sort of bulgaria 's got talent for folk acts . when asked to include something in the capsule aboard the voyager 2 space probe , they sent tracks from the album le mystere des voix bulgares .
bruce jenner met bruce at the playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife , chrystie crownover , the mother of his two eldest children . they fell in love and got married in hawaii when she was already pregnant with their first son , brandon . a few years later they welcomed a second son together , brody .
colin shearing , 70 , fled across the channel to avoid being jailed for a sex attack . he was convicted of indecent assault and had been given a week on bail . but swansea crown court heard he had crossed the channel and booked a room at the hotel des nations in paris . he then moved to a second hotel and then to a third in a bid to stay one step ahead of the police , who are hunting him across the continent .
the royal family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive . the day began in london with a dawn ceremony at wellington arch on hyde park corner . later the queen , prince william and political leaders led the nation during a ceremony at the cenotaph in whitehall .
1st lt michael alonso and 1st lantz balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal . one of their fellow missile officers pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in january and was kicked out of the service .
liverpool lost to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . brendan rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy . the red half of merseyside expect success and landed the league cup under kenny dalglish just before rodgers took to the helm .
john doyle , 79 , was ushering two 12-year-old girls across the road . businessman genti rustemi , 45 , drove over the crossing point without slowing . mr doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the bmw as it hurtled past . but after rustemi dropped off his daughter at a different school , he returned to the crossing minutes later in a fit of temper . kosovo-born rustemi escaped a jail sentence this week after
sian harkin , 54 , gave # 30,000 to a builder using the school chequebook . she claimed the work was to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth . mother-of-two also continued to use it when she moved schools , court heard . harkin was jailed for 18 months at merthyr tydfil crown court .
gareth bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of english football . kasper schmeichel has been named in as part of three football league team -lrb- s -rrb- of the season . ashley williams is now an established top-flight international centre back and captains his club and country .
luke shaw joined manchester united from southampton in the summer . the left back had a decent game on his return to the team at stamford bridge . shaw admits he has struggled to live up to his # 28million price tag . click here for all the latest man united news .
rebecca rice , 16 , had tried everything to calm her nerves but knew the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her 11-year-old dog holly . after confiding in her teacher lorette esteve it was decided she could take holly into the five-minute recorded french oral test . ms esteve advised her to bring her dog to help keep her calm .
capital one became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer for new customers because of eu legislation . company has also warned existing customers that the loyalty points they earn will be much lower from june 1 . financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit . capital one said it made perks ` no longer sustainable ' .
adriana alvarez , 22 , says that even with assistance from food stamps , medicaid , and a child care subsidy , she is barely getting by , despite having word for mcdonald 's for five years . the mother revealed in a column for refinery29 that the first thing she would do with an increased wage would be to find a ` decent place to live ' with good schools .
blackpool beat blackpool 2-1 in the premier league on saturday . ince chose not to celebrate , nor did travelling blackpool fans who used to cherish his displays . the division 's worst team by far may not vouch for their play-off credentials but can still look up .
edward moore was working in his first job as assistant director of music at king edward 's school in witley , surrey , when he had consensual sex with the 16-year-old student in his office . after the incident , he said to her : ` oh my god , you have to forgive me , you will hate me one day ' .
john caudwell , the founder of phones4u , bought the audley street garage in mayfair , central london for # 155million . the new apartment block will contain five townhouses , three penthouses , a mews home and 21 more luxury flats . each townhouse and penthouse will have its own gym and swimming pool , while the rest of the plot is needed to build four levels of basements .
cole skuse opened the scoring for ipswich with a third goal in the 90th minute . cardiff defender bruno ecuele manga stretched to clear on the edge of the box and the ball bounced to skuse , who hit it first time then watched it fly in off the right post . the score was already 1-1 when in the 29th minute , in the first half , cardiff 's daryl murphy scored a second goal .
west brom are on the market with chairman jeremy peace understood to want between # 150million and # 200million for the club . groups from america , australia and the far east are believed to be interested in buying albion after peace confirmed he would be open to offers in february . he has set a july deadline to complete any deal to ensure it does not drag out and hamper their summer transfer plans .
bristol city reached 92 points with their 27th league victory of the season . james tavernier 's brace and further goals from joe bryan , luke ayling , aden flint and aaron wilbraham secured promotion . robins stars shower each other in their isotonic drinks following the final whistle .
owner peace is open to offers for the baggies and is understood to want between # 150million and # 200million for the club . there is interest from america , australia and china with peace setting a june deadline to seal any deal . pulis insists he has been told by the west brom chairman that any takeover will not drag on .
coroner stuart fisher ruled thor dalhaug died an hour after birth . he said an unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an ` unorthodox and unacceptable ' way . coroner also concluded that senior managers at lincoln county hospital had tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth . report will come as a blow to the hospital , which has just been taken out of ` special measures ' .
residents who venture onto or too close to north sentinel island risk being attacked by members of a mysterious tribe who have rejected modern civilisation . when they do interact with outsiders , it usually involves violence -- the indigenous sentinelese tribe killed two men who were fishing illegally in 2006 and have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low-flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions . most of the photos and video clips that do exist are of poor quality .
the drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by european regulators . patients will have access via the cancer drugs fund -lrb- cdf -rrb- until it is considered for routine nhs use . each year an estimated 600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from avastin , costing # 3,370 for a month 's treatment .
researchers in colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle . every two years it appears ` bands ' of magnetic field move to the surface . this combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle , causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections -lrb- cmes -rrb- and solar flares that can endanger earth . the study was carried out by a team of researchers led by the national centre for atmospheric research .
the company is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign . the advert features a svelte , bikini-clad model asking ` are you beach body ready ? ' . campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company . the company 's marketing boss claimed the firm is ` just trying to make the nation healthier ' .
philip gigante , 41 , whose grandfather vincent ` the chin ' gigante was the head of the genovese crime family , was elected into the positions by residents of airmont , new york . the republican real-estate lawyer , who will get $ 25,000 a year for the part time job , hopes his ` achievements and accomplishments ' are what constituents notice .
dina amos-larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in salou , spain . she fell while talking to her mother on the phone on april 3 . the 21-year-old law student was in a medically-induced coma for two weeks . she claimed she is now stranded in hospital as she is waiting for her insurer axa to review her case .
chris , 20 , ordered some computer equipment be delivered from griffith university at nathan in brisbane 's south to a parcel locker at sunnybank . the package was sent almost 2000kms away to chullora in new south wales , after it was picked up from the sender in nathan , queensland . the next day it was sent all the way back to queensland , and was processed at a facility in underwood on wednesday , april 22 , at
harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near tony hunt 's home . but instead of tracking down the owner and explaining what had happened , the officers involved knocked on a neighbour 's door and asked for a black bin bag . a witness then described seeing them ` scooping harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car ' .
a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta , and crews searched late on saturday for at least four people missing in the waters , the coast guard said . the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast . dauphin island mayor jeff collier said that at least one person was confirmed dead , but he did not know the cause .
video shows al-qaeda linked group 's entry into syrian town of jisr al-shughour . just hours after their victory , syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on al-nusra . video is believed to be filmed by a young man who has travelled from the uk to join the fight in syria .
moors murderer ian brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley . the 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside . it comes four months after brady wrote a letter to a channel 5 news correspondent in which he expressed no remorse for his killings .
move could cost # 3billion and take 10 years to complete , it was reported . snp want to eject trident from scotland , but both conservatives and labour have committed to retaining the base on the clyde . one can only assume it 's part of broader contingency planning , source said .
costa will open on the site of the former dedworth road hsbc branch . it means there will be two costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart . planners said there was no legal reason to refuse to refuse the fix . but matt gordon-smith said the new shop would be a ` significant driver ' .
new nhs guidelines urge gps to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s . they are also being told to ask whether patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates . medical professionals say it is ` blatantly wrong ' and will frighten the elderly into thinking they are being ` written off ' .
the 33-year-old royal 's baby is expected before the end of april . either way kate - who plans to give birth at st mary 's hospital in paddington , central london - is now overdue and may have spoken to doctors about the possibility of being induced .
perry clawson , a former army colonel , was pictured friday sitting outside the university of florida 's zeta beta tau frat house in protest of their alleged treatment of wounded veterans . clawson said the members had ` p ***** d off ' servicemen across the country with their actions , pitched up outside the building , proudly displayed the flag which accompanied him on two tours of duty to iraq . he was one of many veterans to respond to unedifying allegations that
tayler chaice buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an aspen dental facility in alabama on friday morning after developing agonizing toothache which would not go away . but after calling the dentist 's office , she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning she had no time to find a babysitter for her infant son , attley . instead , tayler was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday . he has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson . simon , who lives in oldham , learns about his cooking from reading and watching tv and talking to people who are also passionate about it .
london mayor appeared alongside mr miliband on the bbc 's andrew marr show . but mr johnson ended up laughing off the attack , responding : ` come on boris , you 're better than that ' . comes after tories were accused of ` descending into the gutter ' for claiming miliband may ` stab the country in the back ' .
former fbi director louis freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in barnard , vermont . they say 64-year-old freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it were n't for the quick response from paramedics and an fbi agent on the scene .
in total , 272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome were hospitalised in england over the past 12 months . but the actual number affected by their mother 's drinking could be far greater , experts have warned . at least one in 100 babies born in the uk could suffer learning , behavioural and physical problems such as deformed limbs .
max azria 's home is spread across three acres in holmby hills , one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city 's ` platinum triangle ' . there are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore , and that 's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater . the house was built in 1939 by architect paul williams , who built homes for old hollywood stars such as frank sinatra and lucille ball .
six dancers filmed twerking in front of malaya zemlya monument . prosecutors said ` erotic and sexual twerk dance ' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war and jailed two of the women for ten days . two others escaped with fines , while another dancer avoided punishment altogether as she was under 16 .
a new video created by oprah winfrey 's own tv series reveals just what 's happening in a child 's mind when they become angry and upset . a group of children describe their feelings in the midst of a passionate outburst , in a video featured on super soul sunday , oprah 's emmy award-winning tv series . while mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well-being for adults , it seems children are
wealthy buyers are demanding a lower ` ed miliband ' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by labour leader if he becomes prime minister . estate agents in london are now offering a higher ` cameron price ' and lower ` miliband price ' for the same property . mr miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than # 2million to raise money for the nhs .
new broadcasting house in central london covers half a million square feet . took a decade to build and was opened by the queen in 2013 . one of the running jokes in w1a is that its fictional meeting rooms are named after popular entertainers -- hugh bonneville 's character ian fletcher .
sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis . but uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill treatment . a single dose of the drug , known as sulforadex or sfx-01 , is the equivalent of eating 5.5 lb of broccoli in one day .
adele mckenzie found the dress she had dreamed of wearing when she married her partner of nine years , david elliot . the 31-year-old said when she slipped into the white lacy gown , she instantly saw herself standing in front of her friends and family and exchanging marriage vows with the love of her life . the bridal centre 's facebook page was inundated with messages from disappointed brides who already had their hearts set on a wedding dress .
officers say 49-year-old eligah christian was taken into custody friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars . earlier friday , an officer spotted christian driving a 2014 motorhome near wasilla . he was being sought on charges of scheming to defraud , 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks .
prime minister said he made ` no apology ' for focusing on economy . he will appeal to small firms and the self-employed , saying ` nothing matters more ' . mr cameron said labour 's ` disastrous ' plans for higher taxes and borrowing would risk the stability of people 's lives .
researchers at the university of bristol quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students and asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people who were sober , tipsy and drunk . but too much booze leads to ` excessive and unattractive ' changes in facial expressions , like bridget jones .
the average briton eats four servings of cheese a week . greek feta , french camembert and american cream cheese top the list . three in ten office workers tuck into cheese sandwiches for lunch each work day without fail . one in four cheese fanatics admit to eating melted cheese with everything .
dr alex zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date . he is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks . he remains confident that his lifestyle will allow him to reach the 150-year milestone .
sharon and mike tierney have taken their mutual upkeep to a whole new level . the sydney-based duo set aside an evening once a month for mutual grooming . sharon , 45 , trims her husband 's eyebrows , waxes his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair . the british ex-pat can also tint eyelashes and give sharon a spray tan .
espn 's first take anchor stephen a. smith is under fire for claiming that boxer floyd mayweather jr 's career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history . smith told fellow anchor cari champion that he understood why she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and ` should feel that way ' . mayweather has been convicted twice for domestic violence .
prime minister says scottish nationalists ` do n't want the country to succeed ' . but liberal democrat cabinet minster danny alexander accuses pm of ` playing with fire ' by stirring up ill-feeling between scotland and england . warnings came as polls indicated general election race was still neck and neck with uk heading for hung parliament and coalition negotiations after may 7 .
survey reveals 12 per cent of people questioned thought the child should be named after william 's mother - diana the princess of wales . alice is the name of the queen 's aunt , who passed away in 2004 aged 102 . many people are hoping for a girl though - of 2,200 people polled .
paula radcliffe , 41 , has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race in the capital . mother-of-two has won the london marathon three times , including in 2003 when she set her phenomenal word record time of 2 hours 15 minutes and 25 seconds .
madison hurd , 16 , from seward , nebraska , was forced to miss her high school 's prom , nurses and her friends brought prom right to her bed instead . nurses spent their day off doing hurd 's nails , makeup and hair , getting music and a cake , and decorating her room with streamers and balloons .
zoe o'connell lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with her two canvassers sarah brown and sylvia knight . the 37-year-old is standing for the lib dems in maldon , essex , and is using her complex personal life at the forefront of her campaign .
holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the holden colorado - suv or ute to have their cars checked out immediately . spanning just over a year , the models said to be affected were made in thailand between september 2013 and january 2015 . this latest safety issue makes holden the most recalled car brand in 2015 , with five recalls in only four months .
oil painting measures nine inches by seven - of a catholic saint . it was acquired by the owner 's late father in the 1970s for very little . but it ended up selling for more than # 120,000 at auction in sherborne , dorset . auctioneer richard bromell gave the work an estimated value of between # 300 and # 400 .
renee somerfield , the genetically-blessed australian model starring in a controversial new weight loss advert , has responded to the backlash against the campaign . the sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners . a change.org petition started , general social media outrage and defacing of the posters by bloggers , angry at the perceived insinuation that only women who look like renee are ready to
professor stephen hawking appeared at the sydney opera house . he was speaking as a 3d hologram from his physical location at cambridge university in the uk . it was a subject that professor hawking had his own theory on saying : ` finally , a question about something important ' .
shops are full of red dresses this year so should you be tempted to trade in your lbd for an lrd ? it 's a colour that radiates energy and sexiness but that can all be wrecked if the style does n't suit you . we asked kate battersby to try six looks to see which work -- and which absolutely do n't .
the strongsville pet owner was inside a walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot . the officer then had the woman sit inside with the windows up and ignition off . in the recent ohio incident , the woman was left ` looking uncomfortable ' as she sat in her unventilated nissan sentra , but drove away with just a warning and her tail between her legs .
orphaned chimp found cowering in box terrified of animal traffickers . men had been trying to cross into sierra leone from guinea , west africa . traffickers kept the three-year-old alive with food for two weeks . guinea has low rate of prosecution for animal trafficking .
intrepid travel , who run 800 trips across the world and have 100,000 customers each year , have decided not to take any more bookings to nepal until may 11 . those who are planning on travelling out before this date with existing bookings have been offered a full refund or alternative trip .
a man contacted police friday after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning . that set off a chain of events that included a deputy 's pursuit , a crash , and an arrest . terry proctor of piedmont , alabama was booked into the cherokee county jail , on charges including first degree theft and possession of burglary tools .
david watson , a 46-year-old tucson firefighter , was arrested without incident saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife linda watson . police say the dispute continued after watson 's murder as her mother marilyn cox , 63 , tried to obtain visitation rights . watson has been charged in all three homicides , with police cited dna evidence .
pm was giving a campaign speech in south london when he joked that everyone should back his team -- but then named west ham instead of the west midlands giants . mr cameron said he had been ` overcome by something ' , adding : ' i do n't know what happened to me , it was just one of those things ' .
labour leader says he will never do a deal with the snp to become pm . insists he will ` change his tune ' after the election - either as a coalition or a looser pact to put him in number 10 . labour expected to suffer heavy losses in scotland - where it won 41 seats in 2010 .
karla hornby said she thought she was going to die when she gave birth to baby freddie , weighing just 2lbs , by emergency caesarean section while on holiday . couple have now been told they will have to stay in spain for at least three months while their baby boy builds up his strength .
chris blowes was mauled by a great white shark in south australia . the 26-year-old is in a critical condition at the royal adelaide hospital . he was taken to port lincoln hospital before being airlifted to adelaide on saturday . onlookers have described the distressing moment they saw the surfer attacked by the shark .
a film crew shooting the documentary lair of the megashark were just off new zealand 's stewart island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator . they can be seen panicking as the great white uses it 's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat , causing it to sway dangerously . one of the men described the experience as ' a bit nerve racking ' .
ukip 's deputy chairman suzanne evans said she will step in if farage fails to win in thanet south where he is standing to become an mp . asked what she would do if mr farage asked her to ` carry on the mantle ' , she played down his medical problems .
george clooney tied the knot with british lawyer amal alamuddin in 2014 . the hotel is on the island of giudecca , a sliver of land just 300 metres wide and 1.5 miles in length . guests at the hotel can try two special cocktails that george created with head barman walter bolzonella .
prosecutors said james holmes , 27 , was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training , but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was not mentally ill . if the 12 final jurors , chosen from a pool of 9,000 , decide that holmes was mentally ill at the time of the shooting , he will be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital . if not , prosecutors will press for the death penalty over life in prison without parole .
the hudsonian godwit was spotted at the shapwick heath in somerset and drew scores of bird watchers . over the weekend , more than 1,000 twitchers had lined the water 's edge to catch a glimpse of the bird . the wader is now inhabiting the same space as its english counterparts , the black tailed godwit .
a large storm with an east coast low have always occurred within australia , passing through every few years . saturday 's freak weather could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions and bursts of ice-cold air . a combination of hail and water at enmore in sydney 's inner-west , almost completely submerged a line of cars .
security officers were out in force at los angeles international airport on saturday , allegedly after officials found out isis called for attacks on uniformed personnel . the fbi is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in southern california because of a ` known threat ' to lax from isis . the investigation and security increase started after intercepted communication and other intelligence information led officials to believe that a plot could be under way .
mark-francis vandelli 's most expensive watch is a cartier white gold moonphase , which he bought from a shop on sloane street in chelsea earlier this year . it cost # 32,000 and caught his eye because it has a sun or a moon than move on rotation depending on the hour of the day . the 26-year-old has now opened up his watch collection to the evening standard .
prime minister faced the first serious criticism of the campaign so far . tory donors rounded on the party 's lacklustre message and failure to pull away in the polls . but mr cameron this afternoon pledged to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues like jobs , business and childcare .
paul gambaccini blamed presenters ' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings . the 66-year-old said the presenters are more interested in giving vacuous opinions than playing the records . he said : ` it is no wonder the chart show is a complete failure because it has not accomplished what it was set out to be ' .
in men the ring finger is likely to be longer than the index finger . in women the two fingers are typically the same length . according to popular mythology , men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts . if you are a man you may be surprised to learn that there are more than 400 different human emotions .
chuka umunna said nigel farage had ' a problem with race ' following remarks last about ` fully black ' and ` half black ' ukip supporters . comes after mr farage dragged into fresh racism storm after national front members turned up to campaign for him in his south thanet constituency .
massimo vian , one of the heads of milan-based luxottica , said that his team was looking to improve on the internet-connected device , which was trumpeted as a huge technological leap forward when it was announced in 2012 . however , google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch explorer program for google glass earlier this year , prompting speculation about the demise of the wearable gadget . vian has recently been to california to meet with google 's team .
more than 1,000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city . despite plummeting temperatures and rain , crowds had started to form outside tribhuwan international airport as darkness fell . even more passengers flocked to the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to india .
earthquake struck 81 kilometres -lrb- 50 miles -rrb- northwest of kathmandu at 06.11 gmt . on sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people . experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents .
chelsea bruck , 22 , was last seen in frenchtown township , michigan , on october 26 . she was dressed as the fictional comic villain at the party and was wearing a leaf-covered top and a dark purple wig . her body was n't clothed when workers found it while trying to free a dump truck from soggy soil .
abby lubiewski was born with hallerman-streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts . when she received her daughter abby 's photographs , she immediately saw that her child 's smile was strained . but the mother was even more concerned knowing that official school portraits are released to the public if a child goes missing .
danny nickerson , six , of massachusetts died of an inoperable brain tumor in october 2013 . last july , his birthday request for cards with his name on them went viral . he received mail from around the world and got more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined , according to fox news . his mother carley nickerson shared on a facebook page that her ` precious sweet boy earned his angel wings ' after a ` courageous 18-month battle ' .
hrh prince george of cambridge , third in line to the throne and born into a life of palaces and privilege . two-year-old tommy 's mother is kate and father paul , 41 , are regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince 's lookalike .
margaret mountford will reveal that the island was the magaluf of its day . professor edith hall from king 's college london tells the programme : ` they really were supposed to be the sexiest people in the entire greek world ' . mountford wrote poems which appeared to be declarations of love for other women .
the monuments of kathmandu , the capital of nepal , are recognised as a unesco world heritage site . but several of the most recognisable buildings in the city , including towers and temples , now lie in rubble . more than 2,500 people died in the quake as buildings collapsed raining down debris on the streets below .
doctors in kurdistan are breaking the law by performing abortions on young yazidi girls who have been released after being held as sex slaves by isis . some of the victims have returned after falling pregnant by their captors and further at risk at being ostracised by their community . now , some kurdish doctors are allegedly performing illegal abortions and secret surgeries to ` reverse the loss of virginity ' on the victims .
last year sarah , 36 , and mark brennan , 35 , never gave up hope of becoming parents despite being told they 'd never conceive naturally . yet last september they defied doctors to have eryn , who was born seven weeks early , weighing just 3lb 11oz .
grimes cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s colonial georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms . the 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the sydney harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace . only one of two freestanding properties in the new south wales government 's controversial social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in the suburb .
major steve thompson with the alabama department of public safety 's marine patrol division said that one person was found dead on saturday . during a press conference on sunday , authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the dauphin island regatta . the regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people .
maría jose carrascosa , a 49-year-old native of spain , was released from a new jersey jail on friday night , the record reported . she was paroled last year after moving her daughter , then 5 , to spain when the girl 's father , peter innes , was granted custody of the child . once paroled , she was taken to the bergen county jail for contempt of court for violating a court order to bring the child back to
boris milat detailed how his brother , ivan , shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962 , more then 25 years before he went on a backpacker killing spree . neville knight was shot by a 17-year-old milat who was riding in the back of his taxi . dillon even confessed to the crime , in an attempt to protect his own brother .
anais zanotti , 30 , who lives in miami , first became interested in the high-flying sport when a friend recommended it to her . now the brunette , who has 35 cover shoots under her belt , is a pro who teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane , thousands of feet in the air .
visitors to the service at st paul 's cathedral advise it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's historic victory over napoleon in 1815 . but last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' . instead , the service -- to be attended by members of the royal family and senior political and military figures -- will focus on the ` pan-european ' implications of the battle and the century of peace
$ 2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage . three years after the theft , police were investigating a car syndicate and executed a search warrant on a wiley park property . all of the paintings along with three stolen luxury cars were found along with a bronze statue and silver bowl .
bill spedding , 63 , has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault . the new south wales ombudsman is investigating how he was able to live with children despite claims being made against him . the mother of the three young boys , who can not be named , was shocked to discover the children had been living with a man accused of child abuse .
joshua burns , formerly of brighton , was sentenced to three years ' probation with the first served in livingston county jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month . he and his wife , brenda burns , say he is innocent , and that he grabbed their daughter naomi 's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in march 2014 . he claims he was trying to save her from hitting her head on a coffee table in their home .
megan sheehan , of san francisco , was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground at santa rita jail . she claims camera footage of bay area rapid transit officers and oakland police conflict with what police say happened the night she was arrested .
sbs football reporter scott mcintyre condemned anzac day on twitter . sbs managing director michael ebeid and director of sport ken shipp said mcintyr 's ` highly inappropriate and disrespectful ' comments have 'cause d his on-air position at sbs to become untenable ' . ` we remember and commemorate our anzac 's landing on the gallipoli peninsula in turkey . we are not at all the views of @sbsbs ' mcintyre
lebron james was at practice with his cleveland cavalier teammates on saturday at the td garden in boston before their game against the celtics . during a break in the action , james decided to practice his long-range shooting . just before the full-court shot went through the hoop , jones flicked it with relative ease at the other end of the court .
cecilia strong took aim at barack obama and washington 's elite when she hosted the correspondents ' dinner . the comedian famous for her portrayal of ` girl you wish you had n't started a conversation with at a party ' started off saturday 's fete by saying that ` it feels right to have a woman follow president obama , does n't it ? ' . she continued with a barrage of jokes skewering the president 's inner circle and assembled media , including
marsha yumi perry , 36 , was arrested on friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run , driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant . witnesses told police perry tried to drive off but when she was unable to she got out of her ford pickup truck and walked toward washougal river road . perry was able to track her scent near the shallow hole she was hiding in before she gave herself up after warnings to reveal herself before the dog was unleashed
vladimir putin said phone records from early 2000s show direct contact between north caucasus separatists and us secret services in azerbaijan . but he claimed a few days later the heads of russia 's fsb received a letter from their american counterparts which said they had the right to support opposition forces in russia .
robin barton , 25 , was rescued by santa ana police officer michael buelna after he was abandoned behind a garbage dumpster on november 21 , 1989 . he had heard the sound of a ` very low meow ' and at first thought it was a cat behind the dumpster , but after moving some trash he discovered barton 's infant body . the two met for the first time since the incident , which occurred 25 years ago , and embraced -lrb-
the 190 million-year-old formation is made of sand dunes which turned to rock through time . experts say the best photo opportunities come at midday but first visitors must get one of the 20 permits released each day . they are stacked on top of another and hardened by deposit of calcium salts - causing the vertical and horizontal layers .
katia apalategui was inspired after seeing her mother cope with the loss of her husband by holding on to his pillowcase which his smell clung to . this inspired the 52-year-old french insurance saleswoman to think of a more permanent way to capture a person 's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning . the strong link between smell and memory is the reason her product will provide ` olfactory comfort ' to customers .
james hayward had his toy gun confiscated at east midlands airport . the four-year-old was forced to hand over his plastic nerf gun after it was deemed a security risk . security officers were described as ` over-zealous ' by the boy 's father . dad phil has labelled the security checks ` ludicrous ' .
vaudation poll for the mail on sunday has shown a swing towards the tories . the poll suggests david cameron is pulling ahead of labour . the conservatives are on 33 points , followed by labour on 30 , ukip 18 and the lib dems 9 . new trends coincide with huge impact of scottish nationalist leader sturgeon .
police in delaware charged temitope adebamiro with first-degree murder on friday after being called to her home in bear early on thursday morning . when they arrived at the home around 12:40 am , they found 37-year-old adeyinka adeyro unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes . paramedics pronounced him dead about an hour later and the delaware division of forensic science ruled his death a homicide .
courtney terry , 27 , was just 19 when she was diagnosed with the same disease that killed her brother jordan seven years ago . despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal , her kidney cancer - which is so rare it does not have a name - returned when she became pregnant in 2009 . now she and her family are furiously fundraising in a bid to fulfill her final wish of a dream wedding .
hawthorn coach alastair clarkson was filmed lashing out at a young man , thought to be an adelaide power fan after his team 's narrow loss to port adelaide on saturday night . it 's understood the pair had been goading clarkon in the lead-up to the confrontation . in the video , which was provided to channel seven , the man reportedly ` got in his face ' yelling ` hey clarko , how was the win today brother ?
jeremy clarkson talked himself out of a parking ticket in london today . the warden recognized the former top gear host immediately . the pair chatted for a few minutes before walking away without leaving a ticket on the eye-catching lamborghini . he was also spotted at stamford bridge , cheering on chelsea as they drew 0-0 with arsenal .
at least two cars were damaged in the incidents , as crowds switched from chanting slogans to destroying property . baltimore police commissioner anthony batts issued an order for protesters to disperse . protesters began climbing on police cars and smashing them with traffic cones . a civilian car 's windshield was also shattered as chants of ` shut it down ' were heard during unrest that started around 6.30 pm .
three-year-old hippopotamus tried to hunt the much larger hippo in zimbabwe 's hwange national park . at first , as the lions approach the large mammal , the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water . however , as lions continue to prowl , the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two predators .
christian trousedale , 18 , walked the elderly man to his front door holding his hand as they made their way to his home in horwich , near bolton . his act of kindness was seen by samantha-jayne brady , who stopped them to take a picture which she then posted on facebook . it 's attracted attention from all over the world , with more than 50,000 shares in dubai , australia , the united states and elsewhere .
man , believed to be in his 20s , suffered head and chest injuries . firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the red car . medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash . two fire engines from warwickshire fire and rescue service also helped .
sandra konopelski of shiloh , illinois , was struck by a st louis metrolink train on the tracks between swansea and belleville on friday morning . she died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene after responding to the alert about an opossum . the group said donations can be made in her honor .
jamie robbins stole # 1,600 from the select 'n' save shop in birmingham . the 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year and said : ` please arrest me ' . he was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery .
former made in chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders peta on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at harvey nichols . the slogan reads , ` here 's the rest of your fur coat , ' alongside an image of the 26-year-old animal lover , who is brandishing what appears to be a fake one we 've been assured .
amira abase , 15 , left bethnal green with shamima begum 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 . now , amira has shared a snippet of life in islamic state with another ` jihadi bride ' . recent public tweet from radicalised teenager gives unique insight into life .
miliband will say labour 's reduction in stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers -- saving them up to # 5,000 in tax . labour claims its tax break would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance , higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to keep properties up to standard .
tracey woodford 's body was found dismembered in a flat in pontypridd . christopher may , 50 , has been charged in connection with her murder . ms woodford was last seen by them around 12.45 pm on april 21 . she is believed to have left a town centre pub with a man .
andy erlam announced he will stand as a ` martin bell ' - style anti-corruption independent candidate in his place . mr erlam led four ordinary voters who defied threats , financial ruin and official apathy to have lutfur rahman unseated from office by an electoral court .
billionaire john caudwell , 62 , believes ghostly goings-on are being caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy who died in the 17th century conflict . he thinks the imposing building is being haunted by the ghost of a boy who was shot by a soldier loyal to cromwell .
lord janner accused of molesting young men in the 1970s and 1980s . alleged victims could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia . family of 86-year-old politician told he will not face child abuse charges . each could claim up to # 100,000 because of his memory problems .
bbc is to air a two-hour , real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a british waterway at a leisurely 4mph . the film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on may 5 as part of the bbc four goes slow series of deliberately unrushed programmes .
executive of the clinton foundation acknowledged that the global philanthropy made mistakes in how it disclosed its donors . acting ceo maura pally defended the foundation 's work and reaffirmed its commitment to transparency . however , the tempered apology came the same day that a government watchdog said that the charity seemed like a ` slush fund ' for one of america 's most powerful political families .
at least 17 climbers , including three americans , and many sherpas died as a result of the earthquake that has killed 2,500 people across the himalayas . some people managed to survive , but others are still trapped on the mountain waiting to be rescued . jon reiter , a contractor from kenwood , california , was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit .
luke stanwick , 30 , was on holiday with his family when he broke his neck . the police officer from hailsham , east sussex , may never walk again . he remains in hospital in the portuguese capital , lisbon , where he was put into a coma for extensive surgery .
the g36 was created for the requirements of the german armed forces . it is also used as an infantry weapon in around 50 countries . the weapon is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when it is left in direct sunlight , exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly , according to a confidential report .
ed miliband yesterday confirmed he would press on with controversial plans to cap rents . he said rent controls would give millions of ` forgotten ' renters a fairer deal . but generation rent campaign group said his plans were ` riddled with loopholes ' . under the proposals , landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies .
aaron lennon reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the # 55,000-a-week tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye . the 28-year-old , who is on loan to everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .
study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal gp were diagnosed on average , a week later than others . patients who always see the same gp are more likely to have cancer symptoms . findings are worrying because britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in europe , and this has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms .
more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the nazi camp including diarist anne frank and her older sister margot . today , hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials . it was held to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the camp in northern germany .
maren sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom . a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder . sanchez 's mother , donna cimarelli , said the community did not need another vigil .
former detective tony brookes said money was diverted away from protecting the children from rape , trafficking and beatings . offences were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last labour government . it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at south yorkshire police .
prince george was born in july 2013 and his birth was first announced in an emailed press release ... before being displayed on the traditional easel behind the gates of buckingham palace . royal sources say the only difference between the birth of prince george and his brother or sister will be that there will be less ceremony around the delivery of the piece of paper .
the pebble watch , from # 99 , getpebble.com , was one of the earliest smartwatches , and since it launched in 2013 more than a million have been sold . it keeps things basic -- there are no buttons or whizzy features and you ca n't make calls or browse the internet . instead , once connected wirelessly to your phone , you can see who is calling , texting or emailing , without having to get your phone out .
disneyland has captured the imaginations for generations since its opening in 1955 , but there is much that many do not know about . chris strodder has created a handy book , the disneyland book of lists , which contains over 200 lists known and those more obscure . here , mailonline travel looks at some of the more unusual facts about the world-famous resort that you may not have known about .
art detective christopher marinello has tracked down # 250million worth of stolen art including works by chagall and rivera . the 53-year-old is representing the heirs of renowned art dealer paul rosenberg in their bid to recover henri matisse 's 1921 femme assise .
chris lewis , 68 , is suing his ex-wife nicola , 48 , for more than # 300,000 . claims she lied to him over the child he helped raise as his own for 17 years . dna tests now prove charlie is not his biological son , he says .
a steady stream of mourners filed into the vaughn green east funeral home for a wake for freddie gray , the 25-year-old black man who died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries . mourners passed by gray 's silk-draped , white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt , black pants , white sneakers and an all-white los angeles dodgers baseball cap . earlier in the day , a pastor at gray '
national counterterrorism center advisory group , ordered by the white house , is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in us hostage policy . the family of a us contractor held by al-qaeda militants , warren weinstein , confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release . foley 's mother diane said that officials from president barack obama 's administration repeatedly told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free her son .
prime minister has requested first great western ` urgently review ' . he has promised to freeze fares in real terms for the whole of the next parliament . passengers travelling from charlbury , oxfordshire , can currently purchase an off-peak return to london costing # 33.30 . but from may 17 , these customers will be forced to pay # 62.40 if they want to come home on one of these trains .
juanette cullum , 48 , was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed american airline officials . detectives subsequently searched cullum 's brooklyn home , where they also found 19 kindle tablets , seven ipads , two laptops and a ` large amount ' of toiletries . cullum has been charged with grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property .
mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child . things were so difficult at one point she planned to crash her car into a wall . in an interview with the telegraph on saturday the 57-year-old revealed how close she came to suicide following her divorce from first husband clive jones .
the victims all believed they were involved in a relationship with a mormon man living in the same state . the women had a chance to confront the woman , named kayla , on an episode of dr phil that aired on friday . kayla apologized to the women , saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it 's ` difficult ' to be both gay and mormon .
the total , cited in media reports about the secretive investigation , would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of nbc 's nightly news goes far deeper than previously reported . williams fell from grace after veterans called him out after he lied about being on board a u.s. military chopper which was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade . he was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing , false story about
gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald told to pay back # 20m they owe taxman one year after they were ordered to do so . it is understood the trio are dealing directly with hmrc but have yet to stump up the cash . delay criticised by taxpayers ' alliance , with pressure mounting .
australian historian dr jim penman has drawn parallels between modern-day britain and 100bc in rome . he claims britons today have lost the drive for innovation that epitomised the victorian era as we enjoy a more comfortable standard of living . dr penman made the claims in his book ` biohistory : decline and fall of the west ' .
pippa middleton is said to have bought the biodegradable nappies for her sister the duchess of cambridge ahead of the birth of the new royal baby . shoppers in geneva , switzerland , have reported seeing pippa buying the mull-cloth , which are made of natural fibres and are popular in europe .
the 38-year-old actor says that he 's now hung up his prowling boots . the irish actor is now focusing on resurrecting his acting career . he says that his time now is dedicated to clean living and seeing his two sons james and henry tadeusz , five .
egyptian-born hani al-sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men into fighting jihadist , including jihadi john . the radical cleric lives in the same neighbourbood where emwazi , who was unmasked in february as the notorious murderer in islamic state 's ruthless propaganda videos , hung out with fellow jihadists . now , security services are believed to be investigating his influence on the london boys terror cell of which enwazi was
one of the stunning watercolours , showing the moment dorothy , toto , the tinman , the lion and the scarecrow meet the wizard of oz , sold for # 25,000 . both paintings , from the brush of famed art director jack martin smith , were used to work out how the scenes might look once filming of the 1939 hollywood classic began .
justice anthony kennedy , the court 's pivotal member on gay rights , has been marching in this direction with opinions dating to 1996 . in his most recent gay rights decision for the court in . 2013 , rejecting a legal definition of marriage limited to a man . and woman for purposes of federal benefits . kennessee , kentucky and tennessee now allow gay marriage , many because of judicial orders .
the skull of a 66-million-year-old triceratops is being sold by hong kong-based experts at evolved . it is more than 95 per cent complete bone , is 9.2 ft -lrb- 2.8 metres -rrb- high and 4.6 ft wide . the last time something of this size and quality came to market was when a tyrannosaurus rex fossil named ` sue ' was sold for # 5.6 million in 1997 . it
rochelle holmes , 26 , of bishop auckland , gained so much weight she could die before the age of 25 due to her bad habits . her lifestyle meant she had ballooned to 20st 5lbs , but after receiving the stark warning about her health she decided to lose weight and quit smoking once and for all .
the closures include heald college campuses in california , hawaii and oregon . it collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations . corinthian ceo jack massimino blamed regulators for his company 's failure to sell its schools , which doubled revenue for the company up to $ 1.75 billion between 2007 and 2011 .
geoff haigh , 61 , wanted to marry heather , 54 , after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer and the pair settled on a venue close to their home . but instead of having the magical day they had planned , the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly . guests at the couple 's wedding were forced to listen to the wedding song 10 times while it played over and over . mr haigh died weeks after the ceremony in nove
researchers took ct scans of teeth found at riparo bombrini in western ligurian alps and in the grotta di fumane in western lessini mountains . they found they belonged to ancestors of modern humans who were part of a group known as the protoaurignacian culture - an early group of humans . it has settled a debate that has raged since they were discovered in 1976 , and later in 1992 , over whether the teeth and other artefacts found with
rj jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers netherton 's syndrome . his skin appears red and inflamed , and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body . his mother valerie jackson has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out .
judges rejected home secretary theresa may 's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal because of the risk of ` unacceptably savage ' abuse he faced in libya . seven years after the man was first told he would be booted out of the country , a judge has finally ruled that it would breach his human rights . his case is estimated to have cost british taxpayers a six-figure sum , including the cost of police time , legal fees racked up by challenging his
president barack obama is a hawaii native who returns every christmas for vacation . michelle obama 's office says the first lady chose what 's being called ` kailua blue ' to distinguish her family 's china from the red , green , blue and yellow used on more recent state services .
uruma takezawa spent 1,021 days on the road , to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries . during his several year-long journey , he found inspiration in those who live off the land in harmony with the natural world . from there he discovered a passion for photographing the unknown , travelling alone by bus , train , on foot and horseback to reach his far-flung destinations .
george at asda unveils ` luxury christening range ' just in time for birth . say gowns and rompers allow mothers to buy traditional christening outfit . 63 per cent of families are concerned about the spiraling costs of a christening . retailer says it hopes to slash the budget on expensive clothing .
a reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss . in the note , the reddit user passive-aggressively vents their frustration and discontent with the company policies as well as the lack of emopion shown during recent events . they apologise for the death of a step-mother , sickness and subsequent doctor 's appointments .
the unidentified woman 's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by abc news . the woman was allegedly kidnapped thursday in a parking lot in loveland , colorado , police there said in a news release . in the phone call , the dispatcher asked ' i do n't know . i 'm locked in a trunk , ' the woman said .
dr sanjay gupta performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl , sandhya chalise , after a wall of her family 's home fell on her as she collected water outside . sandhya , who lives in a more remote area of the country , only reached kathmandu 's bir hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake and by that point blood had collected in the top of her brain .
the sickening image was re-posted to twitter on sunday by an anti-isis activist in syria with the warning : ` this child will be risk to you not just to us ' . the post says the newborn child is called ` jrah ' , while its mothers name is ` abu ' . it also claims the certificate next to the baby is an ` isis issued id for a child ' . terror experts have revealed to daily mail australia the snapshot is a showcase
susannah ross , 20 , told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since friday . many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well . miss ross had recently set off on a three-week trek and warned relatives at home they might not hear from her during that time .
the horseshoe-shaped walkway in chongqing extends 87.5 ft from a cliff edge , allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air . with jaw-dropping panoramic views from its observation deck , it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world . located in the longgang national geological park in south-west china , the bridge has been named yuanduan .
sophie wilson , 17 , performed cpr on bradley parkes after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in coventry . the 16-year-old was taken to birmingham children 's hospital in a coma but yesterday his mother tiffany , 35 , revealed he had made a ` miracle ' recovery .
labour leader 's plan to seize unused plots shocked experts and investors . move would take britain back to ` dark days of the seventies ' , property analysts said . sites still left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer . announcement saw shares in housebuilders , including barratt developments , persimmon and taylor wimpey , fall by around 2 per cent before later recovering .
keith alexander warned the u.s. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault , with energy infrastructure likely to be hacker 's prime target . ` the greatest risk is a catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure . we are not prepared for that , ' he warned .
john suchet was in mourning after losing wife bonnie following decade-long battle with dementia . he once said : ` bonnie died peacefully on april 15 2015 aged 73 . adored wife of john , devoted mother of alec and hereward , mother-in-law of peta-jane , grandmother of finn and alexa ' .
judith russell , whose daughter katherine married tamerlan tsarnaev , spoke at a court in the city today . she told how her daughter converted to islam after meeting dzhokhar tsarnaev 's brother , 21 , who should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the 2013 boston marathon bombings . her words came as jurors decide whether the other brother , dzharnaev , should be spared the death penalty for killing three people and injuring
john hancock repeatedly called his sister bianca rinehart ` the fat ' and ` fatty ' in emails urging her to join him in legal action against their mother . the emails were tendered as mr hancock told his sister ` fat would have quickly grown tired of supporting your shopping and leisure activities ' .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , reportedly sent the explicit link to her drexel university students under the subject line ` great article on writing briefs ' on march 31 . she said she was ` mortified ' and ` in terrible shape ' when she found out what she had done . the legal writing professor earned a doctorate from harvard law school .
baywatch star jeremy jackson has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest with a knife . the 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a deadly weapon in west lake , la . the victim told police the man was hobie - jackson played hobie buchannon on baywatch .
chief executive of europe 's largest budget airline made the vow in an interview with a french weekly newspaper . he said its average fare could be as low as $ 40 -lrb- # 4 -rrb- next year . mr o'leary said ryanair expects to grow its passenger numbers and cut costs with new boeing aircraft that will have more seats .
condemned bali nine member myuran sukumaran has requested to spend his last hours in church with his family . his final request comes as images from nusakambangan showed a haunting self-portrait of the artist shot through his heart . it comes after it was confirmed that australians andrew chan and myuran will be executed just after the stroke of midnight on wednesday .
children living in pakistan 's slums often forced into relocation due to fighting between security forces and militants in the tribal areas . makeshift parks providing the chance to play and laugh with others and escape their difficult lives if only for a few hours . pakistani christian children enjoy a ride on a hand-operated ferris wheel for the price of 10 rupees -lrb- approximately 10p -rrb- .
john sims , who had burkitt 's lymphoma , died on saturday , with his new wife lindsey sims by his side . the pair married march 21 at the university of texas m.d. anderson cancer center , after john was told his cancer was terminal . after the wedding they set off on a cross-country road trip last week , hoping to make it to john 's friend dave in oregon .
nicholas pence , 25 , and his father david , 56 , were shot dead ` execution-style ' at home in new orleans , louisiana , on wednesday night . but moments after jovially waving goodbye to the last-remaining revelers , they were both shot dead at close range . david 's wife , nicholas ' mother , who had been in a bedroom when she heard gun shots , was arrested in connection with the killings . neither have a `
princess leonore looked less than impressed with her trip to the vatican . but at just 14-months-old , the infant duchess of gotland would probably have preferred to be doing something else . she is thought to be around six months pregnant with her second child and will give birth this summer .
cortultan nazarbayev won the presidential election with 97 per cent of the vote saying it would have been ` undemocratic ' . the 74-year-old former steel worker has been re-elected as president of kazakhstan after winning another five year term . but international monitors have voiced their concern about the poll saying there was not a genuine choice of other candidates .
joyce cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in cardiff on september 28 , 1939 . her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer . terry phillips , 71 , who is joyce 's cousin , has accused the metropolitan police of a ` cover-up ' after the force said information could not be released about her murder because it is unfair to the
the ocean-going tug mv hamal was intercepted by the frigate hms somerset and border force cutter valiant about 100 miles east of the aberdeenshire coast . the crew of the hamal , nine men aged between 26 and 63 , were detained for questioning by investigators from the national crime agency 's border policing command .
vladimir bukovsky , 72 , has lived in the uk since he fled the soviet union in the 1970s after he was accused of spreading anti-soviet propaganda . it came after he managed to smuggle to the west 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons . he will be charged with five counts of making and possessing indecent images of children .
collin burns completed a cube in just 5.25 seconds , breaking the world record . the us national ` speedcubing ' champion was at an official rubik 's cube event in doylestown , pennsylvania , when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record .
kayla mooney , 24 , of danbury , connecticut , was charged on march 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy 's girlfriend . mooney was placed on administrative leave in february and has not commented on the allegations .
celine bisette , who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career , insists she is neither ` damaged ' nor ` deranged ' . she claims that she did n't have an abusive childhood , she 's not a ` hyper-sexual nympho ' , and she is n't uneducated .
st patrick 's parish in stephensville , wisconsin has discontinued its original pig rassle tournament after 44 years . global conservation group , an animal advocacy group , launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs . it garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event . on august 10 , 2014 , the church held a ` pig wrestling ' event where the animals were ` punched in the face , kicked , body-slammed , yelled at
paul gilbert joked that he hoped his ` off-piste ' comment would not ` find it 's way back ' to the labour leadership because he stands little hope of winning in cheltenham . he also blasted labour 's ` entirely unsatisfactory ' policy on tuition fees .
clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains , stopping off in hampshire . but behind the scenes , senior party sources admit their current total of 57 mps will be slashed to ` in the thirties ' after a catastrophic collapse in support .
matilda fitt , who played baby julia poldark in the bbc drama , was born nine weeks early in barry , south wales , weighing just 2lb 12oz . matilda , now 21 months old , won the part to make her small screen debut only weeks after leaving the hospital , where she was treated for pneumonia .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case . prosecutors described the 21-year-old as ` america 's worst nightmare ' insisting he deserves to die for carrying out one of the bloodiest attacks on us soil since 9/11 .
patricia wilnecker , 81 , fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall in 1948 . she eventually moved nearby and also wrote a book about it . but she has been told she is no longer welcome there by owner roy stevenson . he accused her of deliberately hitting his son daniel , 36 , during a stand-off . miss wilnebeck claimed her exit was blocked by daniel for about ten minutes . but he has denied hitting him and claimed the ban has devastated
bonnie suchet was described by her husband as ` the love of my life ' . she died on april 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia . he has thanked those on twitter who offered their condolences . in recent years the classic fm dj has been extremely open about wife 's diagnosis , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the dementia uk charity .
david cameron was giving a campaign speech in south london on saturday . he joked that everyone should back his team - but then named west ham instead . mr cameron admitted he could n't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past west ham 's famous upton park ground in east london .
photographer jeffrey milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes , shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes . boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters . despite the name , the boxes are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane 's crash .
elizabeth dawes , 39 , was told she had breast cancer in july 2013 . doctors at new cross hospital in wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy . four days after the operation she was asked to attend an appointment with her consultant . but four days later he revealed there had been a mix-up with her hospital notes and those of two other patients - and she never had the disease .
brady olson , a teacher at north thurston high school in lacey , washington , took down a gunman on monday morning . no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the school commons before classes began . the shooter is in custody at the lacey police station .
renee bergeron , 38 , photographs children with special needs as superheroes , dressing them up with capes , goggles , and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything . ` let 's face it , though -- these kids are all fighters , ' she recently told the mighty .
one in ten cardholders , or an estimated 800,000 australians , also admit their credit card spending has lead to an argument with a partner . the biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women . 25 per cent of gen y were found to either have a secret credit card or hidden purchases , well above other age groups .
flight tcx2515 was taxiing to the airport in the red sea city of hurghada . an unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane . a witness said the man punched a bus door and uttered threats . the man boarded the plane despite the drama on the bus .
kim kardashian has used her celebrity since 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide . marking the anniversary of the mass murder at the weekend , she wrote in an op-ed : ' i would like president obama to use the word `` genocide '' ' . but he refused to call the mass killings of ethnic armenians a ` genocide ' for fear of offending ally turkey .
charlotte briggs was told she can not attend lydgate junior school in sheffield even though she can see it from her bedroom window . her mother lynne , 49 , claims taking her daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job .
jo malone has joined 5,000 small business bosses praising tories . signatories said they ` would like to see david cameron and george osborne given the chance to finish what they have started ' . comes as mr cameron attempts to move arguments onto britain 's economy .
auckland coastguards received an alert that about 5 homemade ` boats ' were taking part in an annual fishing event on sunday . the attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating subaru car . one vessel capsized just outside of the harbour , causing three people to have a bit of a paddle , however no one was injured .
the death toll now standing at more than 4,000 , mass cremations taking place next to the bagmati river . today , plumes of white , acrid smoke could be seen floating across kathmandu , as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats . families gathered , wailing in grief for their loved ones .
lord janner sent a ` thank you ' christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges , it has emerged . officer said he was appalled by the labour peer 's note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into janner 's alleged sex abuse . comes amid fresh concerns about the establishment cover-up of the alleged paedophilia .
jay z launched a stream of tweets defending his premium music streaming app tidal after the service , launched last month , was described as a flop . his social media diatribe comes as reports claim that tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets such as spotify and apple . ` we may not be perfect - but we are determined , ' he said while claiming that there are ` many big companies that are spending millions on a smear campaign '
survivors described running for their lives as a ` tsunami ' of snow and ice triggered by tremors descended on base camp . up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world 's highest peak . survivors described seeing tents with climbers still inside picked up and tossed across the camp before crashing down into rocks and ice .
sergeant edwin mee , 46 , accused of raping and molesting 11 young women . alleged victims were often new to the country and unaware of their rights . mee has served in war zones in iraq and afghanistan . he denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three counts of assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets .
stars ray liotta , robert de niro , lorraine bracco and paul sorvino were all in attendance although director scorsese was filming in taiwan and joe pesci did n't show . goodfellas charts the rise and fall of lucchese crime family associate henry hill , played by liotta and his friends over a period from 1955 to 1980 .
three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for free range raw meat , offal and bones . his owners , margaret and patrick evans from leeds , say he 's now ' a different dog ' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet .
former captain of the fictional star trek enterprise , william shatner has revealed radical proposals in an interview with yahoo news . he wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from seattle to california to transport water and solve the state 's ongoing drought problem . but the proposal has been declared ` highly illogical ' by some experts .
kristopher hicks , now 27 , was on his way home from a night out with his girlfriend . michael young , 56 , had mistakenly believed mr hicks was planning to ` do a runner ' . but when mr young objected , the driver continued on for almost a mile . he suffered devastating brain injuries , developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care from his mother .
the ashbrittle yew , in the churchyard of the parish 's church of st john the baptist , in somerset , has a girth of 38ft and an enormous canopy . its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off - possible due to wilting branches and falling leaves . but tree expert dr owen johnson said the yew could just be going through a bad patch .
from today , users can post , explore other people 's photos and interact with captions using just emoji . emoji are popular in the instagram community , with nearly half of instagram captions already featuring the small pictures . users begin by selecting as many images , up to the maximum of nine , to feature in a collage .
jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on e!as starting july 27 . but it is allegedly his sons burt , brandon and brody jenner who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their patriarch will reveal about gender change . there is no denying that bruce 's six biological children and four stepkids are ` proud ' of the father figure as some called him their ` hero ' on
sydney electronic duo the presets , made up of julian hamilton and kim moyes , published a series of posts on its facebook page on saturday night and sunday morning . ` if you agree with murder , lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes , you are a total c *** and can f *** off , ' one post read . the band said it was ` thinking of andrew chan & myuran sukumaran and their families
jane tipper had been walking her dog molly when she fell over a cliff . the eight-year-old chased a spring lamb off the edge of a cliff in eype , dorset . coastguards searched thoroughly but were unable to find her . molly survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope .
mary cowan , 92 , taught at sir chris hoy 's former school in edinburgh . she will have funds of around # 325,000 and will be used to help current or prospective poorer pupils attend the school . ms cowan never married and worked and lived in a modest semi-detached house which sold for # 490,000 in 2012 .
the presence of blue origin , llc , the brainchild of amazon founder jeff bezos , barely registers in van horn , a way station along interstate 10 , a full decade after he began buying land in one of texas ' largest and most remote counties . few visitors are allowed beyond the ` no trespassing ' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the air force 's renowned area 51 in nevada . bezos ' wealth is estimated
liberal democrats admitted their best hope is to end up with 30-something mps after may 7 , compared with the 57 elected in 2010 . mr clegg said the first of what he dubbed his ` premier league policies ' is a # 5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms .
daniel williams , an office worker from toronto , filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee . the 90-second video , titled ` boring office job gopro commercial , ' has already attracted an impressive three million views since being uploaded to youtube last week .
oscar hernandez jr , 24 , said he was ` awed ' by the former new england patriots star when he sent him an assault rifle and a pair of handguns a month before odin lloyd 's killing . earlier this month , aaron hernenandez , 25 , was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of the semi-professional football player in 2013 . in a sentencing memo , his lawyer wrote that he was
nearly 1000 bags of the depressant drug kava were seized from a vehicle where four unrestrained children were sitting in the back seat . police pulled over an unregistered mitsubishi pajero travelling along the stuart highway in katherine , southeast of darwin on sunday . the man and a 26-year-old woman were arrested and charged with possessing traffickable quantity of kava .
karen newton , a teacher and former professional musician , performed an impromptu rendition of the last post to stranded residents of gillieston heights . she plucked her cornet from the car and began playing the bugle call once again , across the water to the isolated residents in a goosebump-inducing moment . as the sun rose over the water , ms newton could be seen facing five stranded residents , who had come out to pay their respects to the fallen anzacs .
elena klimova , 26 , runs children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination . she regularly receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she 's ` disgusting ' and should kill herself . the activist fought back by publishing the messages on vkontakte , the russian equivalent of facebook , under the title : ` beautiful people and the things they say to me ' .
hillary clinton will be 69 when she takes office in january 2017 . the former u.s. secretary of state is currently 65 both in the uk and the us . she will not only be the country 's first female president but also the second oldest , behind ronald reagan .
sophia breaks down the issue simply for youngsters by explaining the baby-making process in a very cute way . the short film was created by the next family , an organisation that supports diverse families . sophia hopes that it may allow other children from same-sex parent families to understand how they were created .
a sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on maroubra beach on november 30 , 2014 . filomena d'alessandro and bill green have said the infant 's body in order to provide her with a fitting farewell . the couple , who were married last year , have been trying to claim the baby after they heard police were going to give her a ` destitute burial ' . they have named lily grace , who they have
jonathan keats , an experimental philosopher and conceptual artist , hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in massachusetts with his ` millennium camera ' . the camera , made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside , will create one image that keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment .
south glasgow university hospital opened today complete with fleet of robots delivering linen , a children 's cinema and helicopter landing pad . ukip said hospital had been funded with english taxpayers ' money ` shovelled ' to holyrood despite gaping holes in hospital funding south of the border . former head of nhs sir david nicholson delivered a stark warning earlier this month over the black hole in hospital finances .
vanessa kennard was suspended in her absence by the nursing and midwifery council after failing to turn up at the hearing . she was one of three nurses charged with mistreating grant clarke , 45 , at a rehabilitation unit in kent . the father-of-three suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in may 2012 , which left him paralysed on his life side , incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate .
vincent lamouroux publicly unveiled the project , named ` projections ' in la 's trendy silver lake neighborhood . used an environmentally friendly limewash to coat the so-called bates motel , including several towering palm trees and the fence around the rundown property . the seedy motel , which has been closed for years , was actually named the sunset pacific motel but got its nickname from its proximity to nearby bates avenue .
miranda ashley calvin , 19 , was arrested by gresham police on sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a pedestrian with her car and fleeing the scene . when police arrived at the scene at about 8.30 pm on saturday night , she was found dead . calvin was arrested and booked into multnomah county detention center on manslaughter , felony hit-and-run and reckless driving .
snp leader nicola sturgeon said labour leader allowed himself to be ` kicked around ' by the tories . she said the labour leader was ` not interested in deals ' with the snp . polls suggest no party will have a majority after may 7 and support for snp hitting a record high .
ian somerhalder and nikki reed are officially married . the vampire diaries actor and his twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on sunday in the santa monica mountains . the 26-year-old was previously married to singer-songwriter paul mcdonald .
hundreds of survivalists and so-called ` preppers ' descended on the salt lake city , utah suburb of sandy on friday for the nation 's first ever preppercon . during the two-day expo , they learned new methods of storing food , tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies . they were also greeted by actors from the amc hit show ` the walking dead ' , including addy miller , who took pictures with fans and acted
women are turning to broga , a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old . practice of movement and breath . experts say it sets men free to flex . tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to hindu deities or . feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel .
eva mozes kor , 81 , publicly embraced oskar groening in court last week . she faced criticism from her co-plaintiffs in the case who suggested she should not have taken part in the trial in germany . mrs kor made her comments during a television appearance last night .
nicola sturgeon scoffed at ed miliband 's attempts to rule out post-election pact . scottish first minister said labour leader would soon ` change his tune ' . miliband yesterday insisted he would not agree to a ` confidence and supply ' deal with the snp . but he again refused to pass key legislation relying on snp votes .
mark lawson , 44 , was in the diamond tap public house in newbury , berkshire . he agreed that his co-worker simon myers could take some chips from his plate . when mr myers started eating an onion ring , lawson was angered . he shouted at his victim and drove the knife into his thigh , court heard . lawson ` reacted in a very loud way ' to what was happening , jury told .
william schultz was arrested sunday afternoon , hours after his family drove him to brentwood 's john muir hospital . deputies put out an alert for schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home . the day before the stabbing , deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of schultz .
oleg naydenov was carrying 1,400 metric tons of fuel oil when it caught fire in las palmas port on april 11 . it was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island three days later . spanish government activated an environmental emergency alert and said one beach has been cleared of oil and clean-up operations .
advert for protein world has been put up in a number of london underground stations and features a model in a bikini with the question : ` are you beach body ready ? ' . but campaign has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners , with some of the posters even being defaced .
dutch royals celebrated king willem-alexander 's 48th birthday today . visit kicked off with a pageant aboard a flotilla of boats on the local canal . koningsdag - or king 's day - is a public holiday in the netherlands .
amy-beth ellice , 17 , started baking at the age of three and landed her first book deal with her recipe collection amy 's baking year at just 14 . her second , all about entertaining , is now firmly in the works but the teenager has her sights set even higher - with plans to launch her own baking products and even become a tv chef .
pritesh , 36 and mansi gandhi , 35 , started trying for a baby ten years ago . but khushi was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life . pritesh 's sister hiral shah offered to carry the couple 's baby and after ivf treatment , gave birth to krish three weeks ago after a 20-minute labour .
hannah wilson 's body was found in rural brown county , indiana , on friday morning after a night out . daniel messel , 49 , was arrested hours later and has been charged in her death . friends said she had been partying in downtown bloomington and they were also going to go to kilroy 's sports bar , but deemed that she was too drunk to join them there . her body has never been found and no criminal charges have ever been filed .
euan ritchie and jen martin 's crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion . the couple launched the crowdfunding page in a bid to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area . in the last 200 years , australia has the highest extinction rate for native mammals .
mark hawkins , 49 , shot dead following seven-hour standoff with swat officers . reportedly barricaded himself inside greyhound-style bus in parking lot of walmart . seconds later , he was approached by police , who believed him to be wanted . bullet struck police dog named baco in the head , prompting exchange of gunfire . hawkins was being hunted in lane county for failing to appear on charge of delivery of a controlled substance , allegedly fired his weapon from front of large vehicle .
george osborne admitted he was secretly addicted to bbc series poldark . the chancellor claimed the ` one hour ' a week he allowed himself off each week during the election campaign was to watch the programme . he vowed to maintain tax relief on big tv productions which have encouraged the makers of the uk .
swiss researchers say 75 % of extreme hot weather and 18 % of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions . they warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher , humans will be responsible for 40 per cent of extreme rainfall events . the scientists claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence . earlier this month they revealed that the earth experienced its hottest month of march since record-keeping began in 1880 .
tents crushed by snow , belongings strewn across the mountainside and a desperate scramble to find any injured victims . before and after images show how the wave of snow , ice and rock flattened the usually serene 18,000-foot-altitude base camp on saturday . half an hour after the initial quake , another magnitude-6 .6 aftershock hit , followed by smaller aftershocks across the region . survivors have recalled how they felt themselves being dragged by the wind and snow and emerged
labour leader to insist he offers ` clear , credible and concrete plan ' on immigration . but only hours before key election speech was due to be delivered , his own shadow home secretary refused at least four times to say labour would put a target on net immigration . yvette cooper would say only she wanted the number to be lower than the current 300,000 .
hundreds of people have been clambering around the debris of the famed dharahara tower in kathmandu to take selfies . they have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine-storey structure , which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust . one rescuer in the capital said those who were taking photographs and friends were not ` understanding the tragedy ' .
dr warren weinstein , a 73-year-old economic adviser from the us , and italian aid worker giovanni lo porto , 39 , were killed in a botched drone strike in january . obama gave the spy agency a pass on providing proof that intended targets of drone strikes posed an imminent threat to the us . had the cia been subjected to the same stringent rules as other agencies , argues the article .
the tv presenter said her sister , debbie , had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck nepal on saturday . she said debbie had not yet reached everest base camp , where a deadly avalanche hit , because she was ill and had stopped off to recover .
cancer research uk runners paul and laura elliott combined love for running and their love for each other by tying the knot at the london marathon . paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory .
tyrone sevilla hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to immigration minister peter dutton 's office in brisbane on monday . the poster simply said : ` dear mr sutton , can i stay in australia please . tyrone ' . this comes as they face the very real possibility of being deported back to the philippines after their visa expires today . the immigration department rejected the single mother 's visa application 28 days ago because she would be a ` burden
wood green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and diy app handy to offer customers a cat fostering service . cats will not just catch mice but the scent it leaves behind will often be enough to scare away unwanted rodents . amazon is now apparently offering a solution by allowing you to rent a goat .
researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women with an average age of 24 . they then asked a group of men to rate the women 's voices on attractiveness and another group of similar age to judge the attractiveness of their faces . they found women deemed the most attractive tended to have ` lifted jawbones , less robust jaws and fuller lips ' .
large swathes of north and central texas were hit with tornadoes and baseball-size hail sunday night as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region . the storm started sunday evening in comanche county , texas and moved northeast towards the dallas/fort worth for the next several hours . more than five tornadoes were reported in the region , including a massive funnel cloud seen forming over stephenville , 70 miles southeast of forth worth .
pm john key said sorry to waitress amanda bailey , 26 , after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour . after the incident , reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of mr key touching other young girls ' hair and collecting them on a tumblr page . this comes after he was forced to apologise to am auckland waitress for touching her hair while she was at work .
cassandra fortin , 17 , was made to undergo chemotherapy for hodgkin 's lymphoma , which she was diagnosed with in september . as she was discharged from the facility on monday , the teenager said she was ` happy ' to be heading back to her hartford home after 5 months . she made national headlines last year after she and her mother initially refused the treatment . a court ruled in january that cassandra could not make the decision because she was not
lucy , 24 , is face of very.co.uk 's #cantwaitforsummer campaign . describes her perfect summer as ` sun , tan and chilling ' . models ibiza-inspired summer brights and tropical print sun dresses . will be returning to made in chelsea in coming weeks .
the infants were evacuated from the country on monday following saturday 's devastating earthquake , which has so far claimed more than 4,600 lives . several premature babies were ferried to an israeli military base on one of the country 's emergency rescue aircraft in the morning . some were seen resting peacefully in their carriers , while others were clutched tightly to their parents ' chests .
dr xiao-ping zhai says she has used chinese medicine to help a thousand women become pregnant . one in seven couples suffer with infertility and an increasing number are seeking alternative therapies in the hope it will bring them a longed for baby . now she 's invited bbc cameras inside the zhai clinic to reveal the secrets of her success .
isobel attwood , 16 , has not made contact with her family since saturday . she left her home in winchester , hampshire , on saturday afternoon . police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white , 5ft 4ins tall , of a ` small build ' and has brown hair with extensions .
kris jenner looked downcast and emotional as she drove herself to a beverly hills gym on monday morning . the olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on friday that ` to all intents and purposes i am a woman ' and said his third wife kris , like his previous two wives , knew about his desire to be female . diane sawyer said during the abc 20/20 special that kris had declined to comment on her husband 's
the gel contains platelet-rich plasma -lrb- prp -rrb- - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing . it is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient 's arm . typically no more than a couple of tablespoons and then processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components . the platelets are important for clotting , but they also contain hundreds of proteins called growth factors
dawn was appearing on the jeremy kyle show and accused long-term chum , convicted burglar jamie , of making off with the cash . when one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed that jamie had done the deed , she burst into tears and stormed off .
bruce jenner 's first wife has shared the emotional moment her ex-husband told her he wanted to be a woman and how she kept his secret for 43-years . chrystie crownover told gma on monday that she was ` so relieved ' the world finally knows bruce 's ` big , big dark secret ' .
ian pettigrew , 46 , from ontario , canada , was working on his book of portraits , just breathe : adults with cystic fibrosis . after someone noted that the collection of photos was ` turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with cf ' , he became inspired to start his second project .
john goodwin , 75 , shot himself outside of rockingham county superior courthouse in brentwood on friday morning . he was airlifted to a hospital , where he died from his injuries . prosecutors said that goodwin had sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005 .
the keshwa chaca , which spans the apurimac river near huinchiri , peru , remains thanks to local villagers who rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques . as they expanded their empire , the incas built an entire network of bridges to move armies , people and goods quickly and efficiently over the mountains .
the 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs after her blue vauxhall corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt of the asda store in hulme , manchester . she was waiting from an ambulance with her husband , who has dementia , when the thief sneaked into her car and stole the black garmin device . police have issued the photograph of the suspected offender and are appealing to anyone who might know this man to come forward .
craig , 54 , is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer , which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body . the jabs typically contain drugs called luteinizing hormone -lrb- lhrh -rrb- blockers . these act on the pituitary gland in the brain , to stop the production of hormones which make it easier to treat cancer .
the 26-year-old visited the maple hayes school of dyslexia in litchfield . she was greeted by a flag-waving crowd outside the school . the engagement is the second in less than four days for the princess . beatrice was criticised for going on 14 trips in just six months .
loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general , becoming the first african-american woman to serve as the nation 's top law enforcement official . lynch replaces eric holder , who left the job friday after six years as attorney general .
anzac day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in gallipoli , but it seems some have found another way to commemorate the special day . tens of thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary anzac day . many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up but others seemed to think the day was more about how they looked than
friends of the deputy prime minister have previously indicated that he will quit as leader if the lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps . sources have also suggested he will go if the party is left out of power after the election . but he insisted he would fight for his job ` in all circumstances ' .
the extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near the town of rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface . geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop , pivoting the underwater area into the air . the new stretch of land came as a complete surprise to the locals , as there was no indication of the land movement overnight .
the state emergency service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs from the 24,196 requests still to be completed . residents who have been hit by wild weather across new south wales are being warned to brace for more floods and damage with another storm predicted to hit later this week .
london-based personal trainer james staring , from fit to last , says he has four simple ways to banish belly fat . avoid carbohydrates that are refined i.e. white bread and pasta as these enter your blood stream much faster . cause an insulin spike followed by a dip in energy .
rose mcgrath was dismissed from st. joseph middle school in battle creek , michigan , for not meeting academic and attendance standards . she 's been battling leukemia since 2012 and has missed several days of school because of the recovery process . the 7th-grader is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatments , which started in 2012 .
victoria beckham tops the poll with victoria trailing behind at number nine . movie great audrey hepburn beat stiff competition from members of the royal family and the beckhams to be voted the most stylish brit of all time . visit site line & dot grey back line dress from shoptiques .
` as if the sherlock hiatus was n't bad enough ... experiencing #poldark withdrawal symptoms already , ' tweeted fan mihaela doaga . others complained of having their monday morning blues made worse by waking up to the prospect of going months before seeing mr turner , 31 .
christopher nathan may , 50 , is accused of killing tracey woodford , 47 . her body was found at a flat in pontypridd , south wales , on friday . may is charged with a single charge of murder and is due to appear at cardiff crown court tomorrow .
tim ward and his wife of 38 years , brandy , were at home in oso , washington , on march 22 , 2014 , when tons of debris , soil and rock came crashing down from upland . brandy was buried under 25 feet of mud , but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface . a week later , as tim started trying to rebuild his life , he was informed he did not have ` landslide insurance ' - and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle
the most uncomfortable is the nissan note mk1 with a score of just 80 per cent . the mark one hyundai i20 was named the second most uncomfortable car . the survey of 61,000 drivers was carried out by german manufacturer volkswagen . toyota had two entries , while seat and peugeot had one each .
many smartphones on sale today - including apple 's iphones , samsung 's galaxy phones and lg phones - come with built-in fm chips . however , nearly two thirds of these devices do n't have the feature activated . now the radio industry , faced with the rise of digital radio , are calling for this to change .
andrew chan has married his girlfriend of three years , febyanti herewila . the pair wed inside the chapel at besi prison on nusakambangan island . this comes just months after the bali nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at kerobokan prison in february .
ashley arenson said boyfriend dan fredinburg , 33 , had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted . the arkansas-native is one of four americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit nepal on saturday , causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp .
kim richards , 50 , was arrested at the swank beverly hills hotel on april 16 after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the bar . she admitted to dr phil mcgraw that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter 's house and that she was drunk on the night of her arrest . the night ended with police officers dragging the kicking and screaming reality star out of a bathroom cubicle when she refused to come out because she was ` angry
lydia bright met labour leader ed miliband as part of ` useyourvoice ' campaign . she said mr miliband ` definitely ' topped her list of political leaders in game of ` snog , marry or avoid ' . comes after a group of female fans left westminster watchers baffled .
st ivan rilski church is the only remaining evidence of the community of zapalnya , bulgaria , where residents were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the communist regime . located about 175 miles east of the capital , the ruins and the reservoir itself have become a popular destination for photographers , photographers and fishermen .
jennifer lopez 's upper-body is as impeccably toned . she avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours ' sleep a night . claims ` sometimes when i get home and i 'm not feeling so great , i make myself go to the gym ' . shows off toned arms at the annual academy awards in february .
palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ` platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics . these features are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs . the animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to theropod group of dinosaurs - which includes the famous meat eaters velociraptor , carnotaurus and tyrannosaurus .
engineers at the dfki robotics centre describe the eossc2 -lrb- animated -rrb- as an ` ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities ' . the concept car can turn on the spot , shrink in size and even move sideways , like a crab , so it can park itself . crabs have a wide flat body to make it easier squeeze into narrow spaces . it also features a forward tilt and doors that open like the delorean in back to the future -lrb
emergency services were called to the parmelia hotel in perth at about 1am after a 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool . guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman , who were visiting the city from the us naval ship uss carl vinson . the man sustained a broken leg and internal injuries .
rhiannon wilkinson , head of wycombe abbey , said a ` boy free ' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex , who are known to mature slower . she also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the ` highly sexualised world ' .
nigel farage said his party is now the ` serious challenger ' to labour . accused party of making claims ukip is racist because it is ` running scared ' . said traditional labour voters also want to send a message to ed miliband . accused labour of ` sneering ' at people who raised issues about immigration .
brett allen marihugh of livonia , michigan , died sunday after he and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis were found unresponsive at the bottom of a swimming pool on friday . the 34-year old and lewwis both served in the u.s. marine corps before they enlisted in the navy .
the 68-year-old former leader suggested that obama 's plan to lift sanctions on iran was not plausible - and comes too early . he noted that the country 's government and president hassan rouhani appear to be caving in - and implied that america could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions anytime soon . but he noted the deal could see ` real political difficulties ' .
the egyptian-themed mansion , advertised online as pharaoh 's palace , promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in tampa . millionaire owner gary lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $ 2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property . websites indicate there was property also home to pharaohs ' daughters , a school for strippers , but lownds has repeatedly fallen foul of complaints about noisey private functions .
isa richardson , 46 , made a 12-year-old hand over her last 15p of pocket money . she told police she felt intimidated by homeless isa and believed she had no choice but to hand over the money . court ordered her to pay # 20 to the young victim because of the stress she was forced to endure in the incident .
the 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television . matt lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings .
john lord , 86 , went missing from his home on april 6 less than a week after his wife june , 81 , died from a ` catastrophic bleed ' to the brain . his family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her . nottinghamshire police launched an appeal in a bid to track down the grandfather-of-three on the day he disappeared .
karen bell , 42 , met the man on dating website plenty of fish . pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out fantasy in which she spanked him with a pair of trainers . she later increased the demands , claiming her son had secretly filmed their tryst and the footage was ready to publish , until she received # 55 . bell has been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail .
sky launched its buy and keep scheme for customers this time last year . it lets people stream movies straight to their tv , or to their mobiles using an app . films can also be watched across multiple devices using a ` follow me ' function . it is now available to everyone in the uk and ireland .
group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen monday morning at the border crossing between brest , belarus and terespol . they were allowed to go on by belarusian guards but they were then held in a hangar by polish officials . poland is extremely critical of russian actions in ukraine and celebrated russia 's annexation of crimea .
pat senior , 66 , has shared her five-bedroom home in bolton , greater manchester with the animals , taking in dogs from as far afield as romania and hungary . she estimates that she spends # 240 a week on food and treats for the dogs , with veterinary bills adding another # 17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets . mrs senior also adopts dogs from her local dog pounds and at one stage had 26 dogs living under her roof .
betheny coyne , 24 , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born . she was never expected to reach her fourth birthday . but she defied medical predictions and now , aged 24 , is mother to three healthy children . this is despite being warned each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart that she would die .
sbs journalist scott mcintyre was fired on sunday over his tweets which called anzac day ` the cultification of an imperialist invasion ' . the senior writer for the australian financial review labelled anzacs ` racist yobs ' the day before anzac . sbs managing director michael ebeid said his ` highly inappropriate and disrespectful ' comments have 'cause d his on-air position at sbs to become untenable ' .
kieran murray , from brisbane in queensland , recently spent months travelling across the us . from a homeless man who was insistent upon telling his story about britney spears , to a man who insisted murray was saying ` get out of my nightgown ' . this is the latest in a series of videos murray put together based around the same topic .
tests show linden officer pedro abad 's blood alcohol content was 0.24 ; the legal limit in new york is 0.08 . chief assistant district attorney daniel master would n't comment on possible charges against the officer stemming from the march 20 crash . the truck driver suffered injuries that were n't considered life-threatening .
temperatures set to be average for april , with showers and temperatures barely in double figures for most of uk . met office has severe yellow ` be aware ' ice warning for north-east scotland , warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today . comes after britain enjoyed what appeared to be one of the warmest aprils on record , with a 2014 high of 25.1 c .
news broke this weekend that the committee investigating the nbc star found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times . the leaked information , along with a report that williams lied during an interview on the daily show with jon stewart , is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network .
tamale rocks was performing at chicago bar , cigars and stripes . she discovered two-way mirror in women 's restroom in berwyn , illinois . owner ronnie lottz said he has no plans to get rid of the mirror . but insisted mirror was set up as part of halloween prank in 2001 .
colin pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls . he strangled 15-year-old lynda mann to death after raping her on a deserted footpath in the leicestershire village of narborough in 1983 . three years later he raped and killed dawn ashworth , also 15 , less than a mile from where he murdered lynda . parole board is reviewing the case of pitchfork to the parole board .
mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago . his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital . they were so badly diseased they could not be saved and they had to be amputated . mr keenan 's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems .
prince harry will tonight fly out of the uk to australia without seeing his new niece or nephew . with the duchess of cambridge now overdue for the birth of her second child , the prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns in may . harry had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the london marathon after undertaking several engagements in turkey to mark the centenary of the gallipoli campaign .
vesta trek , the interactive programme lets you explore massive craters on the body - which has no atmosphere , and thus no protection like our own earth . it completes a rotation every five hours and 18 minutes , with a temperature ranging from -3 °c -lrb- 27 °f -rrb- to -188 °c . on the map you can switch between three main views - over the north pole , a global view or looking down onto the south pole . various tools also let you
eben kaneshiro , 35 , was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12 . new breed jiu-jitsu , the portland , oregon , martial arts gym , is now closed . there have been 11 suicide attempts at the jail in the last year .
officers in welshpool and llandrindod wells have been accused of being too lax when it comes to giving out parking tickets for infringements . the investigation was carried out by officials from powys county council , who could not understand why the council was losing money on enforcing parking restrictions . councillors said some of the conversations they overheard between residents and officers ` would indicate that paying to park may be the exception rather than the rule ' .
the man in his 50s was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in dezhou city in east china when he was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike . villagers from shoma ying said that his younger brother had been on the same junction when a collision with a lorry killed him instantly .
melbourne radio broadcaster john burns has been named as the media personality alleged to have vilified richmond 's bachar houli . mr burns said a friend sitting with him at the time also did n't recall the comment being made . he apologised unreservedly if any offence had been caused .
ofqual found that one in five reported that colleagues had written sections of coursework , dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy . one teacher told ofqual : ` giving students too much support in their coursework is a massive issue . it ranges from providing them with examples of good work letting them copy others ' .
samantha armytage interviewed non-identical twins from the uk , lucy and maria aylmer , who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones . co-host david ` kochie ' koch seemed taken aback by the comment , taking a confused glance in the 37-year-old 's direction .
togo bag , hand-made from nile crocodile skinin japan , was a 50th birthday gift for hampstead woman , sabine smouha , from her husband jeremy . border force has repeatedly refused to return it to her because it did not have the right documentation .
archaeologists have uncovered a ritual burial of 2,000-year-old human skulls packed neatly into a cooking pot . when about 20 skulls were found in clusters in the sediment of the historic tributary in 2013 it had been thought that they had got there down stream after being eroded out of a roman cemetery . scientific tests are continuing on the cremated remains , with the possibility the grim ritual theory may be confirmed .
cleveland cavaliers forward kevin love was injured in the first quarter of the cavaliers ' 101-93 victory that completed a four-game sweep when he and boston 's kelly olynyk chased a loose ball into the left corner after jae crowder of the celtics missed a 3-pointer . love then grabbed his arm and kept running toward the cleveland bench before going to the locker room , where he iced his shoulder . boston coach brad ste
naunihal singh , 54 , woke up great-grandfather ujjal and daughter-in-law 's . attack in crumpsall , manchester , came after heated argument over couple 's lack of children . monty singh 's son yawinder-pal ` monty ' , 37 , of ` firing blanks ' , jailed for life .
one in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens . there are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in britain . but the loss of bushes and hedges in back gardens is also thought to have played a role in the animal 's demise . conservation scientist mark eaton said : ` most of the reason is down to the change in the way we manage our countryside ' .
two australian border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act . using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up . the brief clip , set to ` les toreadors ' from ` carmen , ' first shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer dai aoki , lying on the ground with ace on his lap .
the mark 1 version of reginald mitchell 's famous design was among the first built in march 1940 , but spitfire p9374 never made it to the battle of britain . the fighter plane , dubbed the ballerina because of its grace in the skies , was being piloted by flying officer peter cazenove over dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet . in 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave
leah o'brien , 33 , was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students on their way to the prom . her fiancé , alton hines , recently spoke out about the night he found out the woman had been killed . hines was waiting for his bride-to-be to return , he said .
the national trust has replaced antique furniture with beanbags . furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at ickworth house in suffolk earlier this year and replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags . the move was designed to encourage visitors to ` dwell and take in the atmosphere ' in the room but provoked fury from heritage experts .
cody knecht , of st. tammany fire district in louisiana , was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain . in the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp . all six ducklings were reunited with their mother on saturday at their home on a nearby canal .
steve ells , the company 's co-ceo and founder , discussed the new development with cnn money . ` it 's relatively easy for us to have all non-gmo ingredients , ' he said in the interview . the move marks chipotle as the first gmo-free national fast food chain .
selena dicker , 38 , outran the avalanche on mount everest in the wake of the nepal quake . she described how she ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through base camp . miss dicker was in the same climbing party as google executive dan fredinburg .
brenda finn , 30 , became depressed after her body hair and fingernails fell out due to alopecia . she was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school . now , after her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on , she says she is finally able to face the world with more confidence .
the innovative spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date . it will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter . the map spans nearly two billion light years from side to side . regions with many galaxies are shown in white or red , whereas regions with fewer galaxies are dark blue .
experts believe the rapa nui people placed distinctive ` hats ' made of red stone on top of some of the figures ' heads , more than 700 years ago . despite the size of the statues , sean hixon an undergraduate student in archaeology and geology at the university of oregon believes the rolling of the bulky stones would have been relatively easy . this is despite the largest pukaos measuring six-and-a-half feet -lrb- 1,890 stone -
stephen gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election . joked that the dog had ` unresolved anger issues ' after posting photo online . he is defending a majority of just 1,312 in st austell and newquay . lib dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 mps .
supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg has spoken - and acted - in a way which suggests her strong supporting for legalizing same sex marriage . the famously liberal justice , who is 82 , will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states .
madelyn yensen , 94 , of salt lake city , utah , died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30 pm . the couple married on october 17 , 1940 , only a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio .
elle macpherson , who turned 51 last month , has revealed that she carries around a ph balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body . in an interview with the evening standard , the model admitted that the most surprising thing in her handbag is the ph value .
chinthu sukumaran and fellow australian inmate andrew chan will be led into a jungle clearing and shot by a firing squad . the execution will likely take place in ` death valley ' - a clearing on nusakambagan . mr quilty pledged to fight the death penalty ` with everything i have for the rest of my life ' .
jemma gawned was one of the housemates on the first australian big brother in 2001 . she now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called naked treaties . based in byron bay the naked treaties brand sells products out of its juice bar while supplying to hundreds of other stores .
sierra pippen 's 20-year-old daughter was arrested by police early on sunday after she walked into an iowa hotel and urinated on the lobby floor . police were called to the sheraton in iowa city around 1.30 am and the intoxicated sierra was booked . she was charged with public intoxication after getting into a fight with the hotel 's security .
david curry , 49 , had travelled ten miles from home to visit wallow wetherspoon pub in blyth , northumberland . but when family arrived he was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms . pub chain has apologised and said no-tracksuit policy was in place since 2013 .
j.m. giordano , who works at the city paper , says baltimore police ` swarmed over ' him and hit him repeatedly . the 41-year-old photographer says the incident happened around 12.30 am when someone threw a rock at a police line and hit an officer 's shield . after the incident , the photographer was sure that he was n't responsible for throwing a projectile at police , which sparked the charge by officers .
retired general sir frank kitson , 88 , is accused in the case of patrick eugene heenan , a catholic killed by loyalists in 1973 . it is the first time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over the troubles . sir frank said he was confused as to why he was being named because he was not even serving in northern ireland at the time .
mark bellis , honorary professor of public health at bangor university , is giving a talk about the history of binge drinking . he will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity in regulating nightlife . greeks launched wide-scale campaigns to dissuade drunkenness , with playwrights using gods in their productions .
waze app allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles , accidents , traffic cameras , potholes and more , so that other drivers using waze are warned as they approach the same location . there are growing concerns that google 's waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations .
sharon smith , 43 , from halesowen , was a bulky size 26 when she went on the business trip in december 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat . today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on sunday .
scientists from national chung hsing university in taiwan have found that its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins . they converted lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the l complex using gene silencing . lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them .
poppy smart was wolf-whistled at by builders on her walk to work . but as the whistles and accompanying sexist comments turned into a daily ritual , the 23-year-old began to get upset . finally , after a month of unwanted attention from the men on the building site , the marketing co-ordinator decided she 'd had enough .
greystone park psychiatric center , in new jersey , was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients , but it eventually was home to more than 7,500 people . it has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray , now known for its crumbling walls , flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings and staircases which has allowed some of the rooms to be filled with leaves and snow . despite the state of the interior of the building and its chequered past , preservationists are
research by wildlife charity the wwf identified 11 ` deforestation fronts ' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur . by 2030 up to 170 million hectares -lrb- 420 million acres -rrb- of forest - equivalent to the combined size of germany , france , spain and portugal - could be lost in just 11 hotspots . the areas are the amazon , the atlantic forest and gran chaco , and the cerrado in
the 511 elephant tusks , worth $ 6million -lrb- # 4m -rrb- , were seized upon arrival on saturday at a major port in chonburi province in eastern thailand . the bust came after customs officials received a tip-off in laos and thailand and tracked the containers from kenya .
nicola bonn , 34 , from london , started a candid blog called upfront mama detailing the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl poppy , 14 months . many of her posts have gone viral - no doubt thanks to her candid account of bringing up a baby for the first time .
rifaat al-assad , 77 , went into exile in europe after staging a failed coup against his brother hafez al assad , who was syria 's president at the time . he has since spent more than 30 years living a life of luxury moving between homes in paris , london and the southern spanish city of marbella .
the undersheriff tim albin , of the tulsa county sheriff 's office in oklahoma , quit his job monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer robert bates . bates , who was a volunteer deputy , shot dead eric harris , 44 , after he was tackled to the ground .
jeremy clarkson and his top gear presenters had been on the brink of a lucrative new contract when the star punched the show 's producer . james may , 52 , revealed he had prematurely celebrated the three-year deal by ordering a rare # 200,000 ferrari 458 speciale in bright orange . may says he had ordered ` draft version ' of the lucrative contract sitting on his desk ` with only a few details to resolve ' .
victoria beckham , 41 , wore a pair of skyscraper heels to cheer on her son romeo , 12 , in the children 's marathon today . she accessorised her skinny jeans , leather jacket and ` team r ' t-shirt with alaïa boots , which retail at approximately # 1,500 .
stana katic , 37 , married longtime boyfriend , business consultant kris brkljac , who she is hardly ever seen with in public . the walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the castle star 's 37th birthday . the dalmatian coast is in croatia , where her parents are from .
ellen gallant , a cardiologist from utah , was attempting to climb the world 's tallest mountain when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck . four us citizens who were on mount everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and sherpas . there are believed to be up to 100 americans still missing following the disaster on saturday .
home office was warned lord janner was abusing young boys two decades ago but did nothing about it . an mp passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation . revelation will heighten fears that the peer , now 86 , was the beneficiary of an establishment cover-up .
two-year-old landen martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a gainesville , georgia home on sunday at 12.25 pm . joshua saunders , 19 , was arrested on charges including dui , reckless driving , leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide .
the countdown for andrew chan and myuran sukumaran 's impending execution has begun . over 300 people gathered at sydney harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading ' #keephopealive ' . brisbane , melbourne and perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo . the two men are set to be executed just after the stroke midnight on wednesday -lrb- 3am aest -
yves van de ven , 37 , uploaded a photograph online of him ` missing ' the top of the eiffel tower and asked users to help improve his photo . on a recent trip to paris , belgian food blogger took a couple of pictures deliberately missing some of the more famous monuments . since then over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up comically connecting his finger with the tip of the famous attraction .
texas a&m , galveston , professor irwin horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them because of the bad behavior he had witnessed during the semester . he sent a similar one to administrators - he claimed students cheated in class and participated in ` inappropriate conduct ' . horwitz 's email said that every single student in the 30-person class would fail .
christianne shepherd , seven , and brother robert , six , overcome by carbon monoxide that leaked from a faulty boiler as a ` happy and relaxed ' family holiday in corfu ended in ` appalling tragedy ' . their father neil shepherd and his partner ruth beatson fell into a coma and were found the next morning by a maid .
a desperate man has forked out nearly $ 4000 for a written message in the sky in an attempt to seek forgiveness . brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses . the aerial apology hovered above the cbd at about 1pm , prompting several people to jump onto social media to question and voice their theories .
virginia trimble ritter 's daughter , marcia , was raped and choked to death by jerome sydney barrett in 1975 . marcia 's body was found 33 days after she disappeared and ritter advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos . the mother of charlie , who died in 1989 , says she wants revenge .
derek murray , a university of alberta law student , found more than just the note that cold november day in edmonton . he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead acura back to life . now that murray 's life-affirming tale has gone viral , he says ` it just shows you how such a pure act of kindness from one person can just spread through everyone and help make everyone 's day a little brighter
` influencer ' divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio . general manager of vivien 's models catherine mcgill said they launched an ` influencers ' section two months ago because of the growing need to accommodate client demand for social media numbers . the average expectation of clients will range anywhere between 10,000 - 300,000 followers .
scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live . they used a specially designed microscope system to image single cells on the tongue of a mouse . penguins lost three of the five basic vertebrate tastes - sweet , bitter and the savoury , meaty taste known as umami - more than 20 million years ago .
snp leader nicola sturgeon says she would call shots in event of a hung parliament , even though she is not even standing for election to the commons . vowed to use influence of dozens of mps to get her way for next five years without voting down the government . new opinion poll puts snp on 54 per cent , up two points to 22 per cent .
lu xincai , who lives in zhejiang province in eastern china , says that he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home by herself because she suffers from the degenerative disease . he ties a sash around both of their waists to make sure that she does n't fall off .
marie teresa ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges . she also declined to send a lawyer in her place at the nursing and midwifery council -lrb- nmc -rrb- . the panel has been told ms ratcliffe accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients .
michael churton was with four colleagues at mount everest base camp , 17,500 ft up , when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow . the 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf , which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with . he was greeted by fellow survivors at a domestic airport in kathmandu , nepal .
taya kyle told abc 's robin roberts she gathered her son , colton and daughter , mckenna , and prepared to tell them . ' i remembered just closing my eyes , the tears rolling down and me just trying to breathe , ' she said . kyle has given since eddie ray routh was found guilty of capital murder on february 24 .
writer keri davies said keeping a bed in the studio is essential for sex scenes . he said parties in the fictional ambridge are limited to nine attendees . mr o'connor has been criticised for ` sexing up ' the traditional radio serial . actor charles collingwood also defended the show 's editor .
leo greene , 39 , of salt lake city was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off , crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence . greene is also being booked for property damage and driving with an open container and on a license revoked for an alcohol-related offense .
ronald jebson , who was responsible for ` babes in the woods ' murders , died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago . beryl hanlon , whose 12-year-old son gary was killed together with his friend susan blatchford in 1970 , sobbed as she heard the news .
jef rouner wrote in the houston press that his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her ` full-length ' dress were ` against the rules ' . but despite the striped dress being what routner believes is completely age-appropriate , his daughter is now ` wordlessly accepting that a dress with spaghetti straps , something sold in every walmart in america right now is somehow bad ' .
andrew silicani , 23 , of cheyenne , wyoming , pleaded guilty on monday to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders . he faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer . ' i think it 's fair to say you 'll be looking at some time in custody , ' u.s. district judge nancy freudenthal said as she advised him of his rights .
the driver and vehicle licensing agency -lrb- dvla -rrb- is scrapping the paper counterpart that accompanies all uk plastic photocard licences . but motoring groups fear the switch to a fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms which want to check a motorist 's details .
guo kai and dong hui , who turned 22 on monday , had been planning to get married this month in sichuan in southwest china . but dong was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer and admitted to hospital , meaning a formal ceremony had to be postponed . instead , family and friends helped dong put on a beautiful wedding dress so that a team of professional photographers could take the pictures .
u.s. secretary of state john kerry and iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif met monday for the first time since world powers and iran sealed a framework agreement on april 2 . they now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of june 30 to sign a comprehensive accord , which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief . the obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with
mark lowe , 32 , from skelmersdale , lancashire , is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother wayne to death . his wife sarah is now looking after three young children alone and said : ' i will regret what he did for the rest of his life , because he loved his brother ' .
billionaire businessman tony toutouni has amassed a huge following on the photo-sharing website . his outrageous posts have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months , threatening to steal him the king of instagram crown from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy dan bilzerian .
chandni nigam , 19 , spent six years battling demons which spawned from obsession to do well at school , an inquest heard . coroner peter bedford heard she would stay up late studying , resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school . she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had even said she would stand in front of a fast train on a tuesday to take her life .
streaming music service spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 . staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists -- which usually contain hits from their youth . findings come from a study conducted by ajay kalia , who oversees spotify 's ` taste profiles ' product .
miriam gonzález durántez wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight . the lawyer , wife of the deputy prime minister and mother of three boys , wore a bright pink , long-sleeved dress covered in bright blooms .
dr tareq kamleh featured in the latest isis propaganda video at the weekend wearing western-style surgical scrubs and handling babies in a maternity ward . the former adelaide doctor still remains registered to practice medicine in australia until september 30 because the medical board has refused to deregister him . but no action has yet been taken against him .
sunday 's party marking the 150th anniversary of the end of the american civil war took about 5,000 miles -lrb- 8,000 kilometers -rrb- south of the south . for many of the residents of santa barbara d'oeste and neighboring americana in brazil 's southeastern sao paulo state , having confederate ancestry is a point of pride that 's celebrated in high style at the annual ` festa dos confeder
lynn and husband liam tried for a baby for three years so when she fell pregnant , she did n't want to take any risks so stopped taking pain relief for her scoliosis and hip dysplasia symptoms . due to her disabilities , lynn has to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about .
sean jefferson , 45 , and elizabeth jowitt , 37 , admitted handling stolen goods . couple decorated their flat with wreaths , lanterns , trinkets and homemade gifts . some of the items were from graves of babies , while others were from the gravestone of a grandmother who fought a courageous battle against cancer . the couple escaped a prison sentence but were given a 47-week curfew and a restraining order banning them from cemeteries in the york area indefinitely
victoria hiley has teamed up with london-based ice-creamery the licktators to launch the dessert in celebration of the birth of the royal baby . the 500ml tub of royal baby gaga has an rsp of # 19.99 and is available in pink and blue tubs .
judge mary stacey admitted the victim had been ` scarred psychologically ' by the sexual assault but freed josh sweet after serving just two months on remand . sweet , 20 , from birmingham , was freed and given a three-year community order on account of an early plea and having spent two months in jail awaiting his court appearance .
ian rogers , 36 , became hooked on all things paranormal as a child . since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection . he says that his obsession with the supernatural began at a very young age . ian will often take his dolls to events and get people to guess their back stories .
german foreign ministry cables sent on july 15 cited an incident from the day before when a ukrainian air force plane was shot down over rebel-held territory . earlier this month the dutch government - which lost 189 citizens in the disaster - said that , with nearly all of the victims identified , efforts had shifted to finding those responsible for shooting the plane down .
dan fredinburg was one of four americans killed when a massive earthquake struck nepal on saturday , causing a wall of ice and rock to engulf the base camp . the 33-year-old , who was with three colleagues and had been navigating the area for google maps , was given the letters by his girlfriend ashley arenson just before he set off on the expedition .
in march , nasa was able to capture this remarkable event from space during a process that was months in the making . the monster iceberg , larger than manhattan , was spotted breaking away from west antarctica 's getz ice shelf by the u.s. national ice center . the image on the left shows the landscape before the iceberg broke three and on the right the monster berg floating in the ocean .
kim davies bought the elizabethan manor in rural wales where cecil frances alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful . but he then made dozens of illegal alterations , including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles , crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling .
labour today set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers . but he also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on . move to clampdown on landbanking - where firms hold on to undeveloped sites while its value increases - has proven unpopular .
patriots coach bill belichick was caught on camera ogling model chrissy teigen 's posterior over the weekend . his girlfriend linda holliday wondered , ` who did n't check her out in this photo ? ' . the singer/songwriter retweeted a photo of the ` incident , ' which he dubbed ` spy gate ' .
the woman , a single mother who reportedly works at the philadelphia international airport , is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child . firefighters rescued the three daughters and a son , ages 9 to 13 , at around 1.30 pm sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911 .
queen letizia and husband king felipe met with families of 50 spaniards who died in the crash in the french alps . the flight , which was en-route from barcelona to dusseldorf , had 144 passengers and six crew members on board . the spanish queen shook hands and even embraced the families of some of those who died .
prince william and kate 's decision to use st mary 's hospital in london over public care offered by the nhs was backed by the prime minister . asked if the royal couple 's choice was disappointing , david cameron said he supports peoples ' right to choose treatment options .
clay aiken , the loser in a november contest to represent the second district of north carolina in congress , uncorked some show-biz venom monday on the election 's winner . ` she 's a b ** ch ! ' aiken told siriusxm radio host howard stern , discussing his failed bid for a seat in the house of representatives . the show is called ` the runner-up , ' a reference both to ths election and to his second
thousands of commuters were left stranded at waterloo station this afternoon . network rail was forced to close a section of the tracks between wimbledon and surbiton when a person was struck by a train . south west trains warned there would be cancellations to all routes as a result of the incident .
fannie randle , who has been working at the usc sorority house for 24 years , was left screaming with joy after the surprise was revealed . the housekeeper presented the sorority 's housekeeper with a $ 21,000 check last monday for a brand new car she was saving up for .
dana vulin suffered horrific third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body and countless operations to reconstruct her scorched face , arms and torso . doctors have reconstructed the 29-year-old 's scorched skin over countless operations during the past three years . lawyers for natalie dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe .
the nanoheat wireless heated mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery , nanoheater and heat sleeve . it can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68 °c and 71 °c for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to drink it all . the mug weighs a little over one pound -lrb- 454g -rrb- and can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional usb cord .
the australian-born royal cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial in copenhagen over the weekend . the 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble for the event , wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves .
experts predict economy will have grown by 0.5 % in the first three months of 2015 . tories have stepped up warnings about the risk to the economy , warning britain is ` staring down the barrel ' of higher taxes . latest growth figures will be released by the office for national statistics tomorrow morning , just nine days before voters go to the polls .
andrew chan and myruan sukumaran will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded as they face the firing squad at the stoke of midnight on tuesday . the pair will be lined up anywhere from five to 10 metres in front of them . the final chilling steps to execution was aired on indonesian tv the day before five foreign drug traffickers were killed in january .
currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone . net result is that millions of people dialling what should be free services run by the nhs . alternatively , some who rely on mobile phones rather than landlines are put off accessing these services by the cost .
greg hardy was forced to abandon his bentley in flash floods in dallas . the 25-year-old was later seen returning to the vehicle to collect some of his possessions . hardy will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary for these games .
the 99.7 per cent accurate biosure hiv self test enables people to test themselves when and where they like . an estimated 26,000 people in the uk have hiv but are unaware of it . treatments available mean hiv is now a manageable disease but late diagnosis can have a devastating impact on health and life expectancy .
the baffled cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and attempted to scare it out of its shell with snarls . but the reptile kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior forcing the big cats to wander off in search of another snack . intriguing scene was captured by chemical engineer john mullineux , from secunda , south africa .
angus hawley died of a suspected heart attack in new york on saturday . his brother david hawley said : ` it 's a real shock , he was one of the fittest men i 've ever met ' . mr hawley was a father to four children , lucia , 16 , hamish , 14 , james , 12 , and sybella , eight , all of whom he shared with nicole kidman 's sister antonia before their 2007
apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the quarter , accounting for more than two-thirds of its $ 58 billion in revenue for the quarter . sales of iphone in china were also revealed to have outstripped those in the us . apple 's ceo tim cook said : ` we 're off to an exciting start to the june quarter with the launch of apple watch ' .
