marseille prosecutor brice robin said that ` so far no videos were used in the crash investigation ' . robin 's comments follow claims by two magazines , german daily bild and french paris match , of a cell phone video showing the harrowing final seconds from on board germanwings flight 9525 . all 150 on board were killed .
the formal accession was marked with a ceremony at the hague , in the netherlands , where the court is based . the palestinians signed the icc 's founding rome statute in january , when they accepted its jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed `` in the occupied palestinian territory , including east jerusalem , since june 13 , 2014 . later that month , the iccs opened a preliminary examination into the situation in palestine , paving the way for possible war crimes
amnesty 's annual report on the death penalty says governments are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions . the report cites the example of pakistan lifting a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians following the horrific attack on a school in peshawar . at least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014 , compared to 778 in 2013 .
the public mass sentencing was part a china 's ` strike hard ' campaign against unrest in xinjiang . but it was also indicative of a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world . in pakistan , the government lifted a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians in the wake of the taliban attack on a school in peshawar in december .
anne frank died of typhus in a nazi concentration camp at the age of 15 . just two weeks after her supposed death on march 31 , 1945 , the bergen-belsen concentration camp where she had been imprisoned was liberated . new research shows that anne and her older sister , margot frank , died at least a month earlier than previously thought .
the student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs . officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved . students and faculty members marched wednesday afternoon chanting ` we are not afraid . we stand together , ' after pictures of the noose were passed around on social media .
the rev. robert h. schuller was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013 . he was born in a iowa farmhouse without running water and longed to preach from his earliest days . after attending a hope college and western theological seminary in michigan , he met his wife of more than 60 years , arvella , while preaching at her church .
the dog , a friendly white-and-black bully breed mix , has been receiving care at the veterinary teaching hospital . four days after her apparent death , the dog managed to stagger to a nearby farm , dirt-covered and emaciated , where she was found by a worker who took her to a vet for help . she suffered a dislocated jaw , leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity .
mohammad javad zarif has been u.s. secretary of state john kerry 's opposite number in securing a breakthrough in nuclear discussions that could lead to an end to sanctions against iran . he received a hero 's welcome as he arrived in iran on a sunny friday morning .
bob barker handled the first price-guessing game of the show , the classic `` lucky seven , '' before turning hosting duties over to carey , who finished up . despite being away from the show for most of the past eight years , barker did n't seem to miss a beat .
trey , a star on eastern high school 's basketball team in louisville , kentucky , was originally going to take his girlfriend to eastern 's prom . trey made the prom-posal -lrb- yes , that 's what they are calling invites to prom these days -rrb- in the gym during ellie 's p.e. class .
michele bachmann is comparing president obama to the co-pilot of the doomed germanwings flight 9525 . the minnesota republican and former representative wrote in a facebook comment posted march 31 . the motive of the march 24 crash is under investigation , though investigators are looking in to whether lubitz feared a medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot 's license .
in 2014 , one expert predicted consumers would pay more for groceries because of the california drought . he was often right , according to statistics gathered by timothy richards , agribusiness professor at arizona state university . prices rose last year for these items on your kitchen table . berries rose in price by about 80 cents per clamshell to $ 3.88 .
walmart 's staunch criticism of a religious freedom law in its home state of arkansas came after the company said in february it would boost pay for about 500,000 workers well above the federal minimum wage . some prominent republicans are urging the party to take notice . the party 's leaders must be willing to put forward ideas that will help modest income workers , such as jobs , housing , public accommodation against gays and lesbians .
one of the five had a heart-related issue on saturday and has been discharged but has n't left the area . they were exposed to ebola in sierra leone in march , but none developed the deadly virus . the centers for disease control and prevention in atlanta has said the last of 17 patients who were being monitored are expected to be released by thursday .
the coroner 's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of getty , grandson of oil tycoon j. paul getty . there is no criminal investigation underway , he said . some medication had also been recovered from getty 's home , though investigators do n't know whether getty was taking it or what his medical history was .
mike pence , a koch favorite , mulls 2016 run for president . the story ticked off items on pence 's conservative things-to-do list while also noting his close ties to the deep-pocketed koch brothers . last august the indiana governor was in dallas for an americans for prosperity event .
maysak gained super typhoon status thanks to its sustained 150 mph winds . it 's now classified as a tropical storm , according to the philippine national weather service . authorities took preemptive steps to keep people safe such as barring outdoor activities like swimming , surfing , diving and boating in some locales .
crew of 1,000-foot long container ship thought it was a yacht that had wrecked . incredibly , as they got closer , they saw there was a man on it , signaling for help . man , louis jordan , 37 , had an amazing story . just a few days into his trip , a storm capsized his boat and broke his mast .
walker 's death in november 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash was especially eerie given his rise to fame in the ` fast and furious ' film franchise . the release of ` furious 7 ' offers the opportunity for fans to remember -- and possibly grieve again -- the man that so many have praised as one of the nicest guys in hollywood .
house speaker john boehner invited israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to preemptively blast it before congress . the debate that has already begun since the announcement of the new framework will likely result in more heat than light . it will not be helped by the gathering swirl of dubious assumptions and doubtful assertions .
the late whitney houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at super bowl xxv . in the early stages of the gulf war in 1991 , a patriotic america saluted her performance . comedian roseanne barr may have established the low-water mark . there 's nothing quite like getting the presidential thumbs down .
yahya rashid , 19 , was detained at luton airport on tuesday . he 's been charged with engaging in conduct with the intention of assisting others to commit acts of terrorism . both charges relate to the period between november 1 and march 31 . rashid is due to appear in westminster magistrates ' court on wednesday .
the total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds , and nasa says that makes it the shortest one of the century . sunrise will interrupt the show on the east coast . parts of south america , india , china and russia also will be able to see the eclipse , but it wo n't be visible in greenland , iceland , europe , africa or the middle east .
the family-run restaurant finds itself at the center of the debate over the state 's religious freedom restoration act after its owners said they 'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple 's wedding . the statement struck at the heart of fears by critics , who said the new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians .
the u.s. coast guard is trying to swallow the idea of a single person stranded at sea for days , weeks , if not months and somehow living to talk about it . miracles do happen , though , and not just in hollywood . in order to survive , they ca n't bank on technology or the proximity of a nearby city , town or boat -- but instead must rely on ingenuity , resourcefulness and luck .
women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men . a plan to allow ` women and families ' to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year , deputy sports minister abdolhamid ahmadi said saturday . but it is n't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart iran 's nuclear ambitions . he said he sees better options than ` this bad deal or war ' . his comments come as democrats and republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift western sanctions on iran .
former heavyweight boxer mike tyson lived in a southington , ohio , mansion . the home featured an indoor swimming pool , a marble-and-gold jacuzzi . tyson sold the house in 1999 ; it 's due to become , of all things , a church .
it celebrates the completion of christ 's mission of salvation in the crucifixion and resurrection . by dying on good friday , christ atoned for the sins of others . by rising from the grave on sunday , christ conquered death . simple enough and reason for christians to celebrate . but , like christmas with its tree , ornaments and santa claus , easter has picked up its peripheral trappings -- the bunny and colorful eggs .
maharashtra animal preservation bill now includes bans on the killing of bulls and bullocks in its list of non-bailable offenses . officials believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law . cows are considered holy and revered by that state 's majority hindu population .
keonna thomas , 30 , also known as ` young lioness ' and ` fatayat al khilafah ' . the fbi said thomas purchased an electronic visa to turkey on march 23 . turkey is known as the easiest place from which to enter syria and join isis .
amos yee , the teenage video blogger who was arrested and held pending bail sunday in singapore , drew international attention for his anti-lee kuan yew harangue . his father has reportedly apologized for his son 's behavior , but the younger yee could face up to three years in jail .
the original drummer in southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd died friday night in a car crash . burns was part of the genre-defining band 's original lineup , which formed in jacksonville , florida , in 1965 . lead singer ronnie van zant started noble five with burns , guitarists gary rossington and allen collins and bassist larry junstrom in their hometown .
avril lavigne went missing from the music scene in december . a fan twitter account posted a direct message from lavigne . now the canadian singer has revealed to people magazine that she was bedridden for five months after contracting lyme disease . she believes she was bitten by a tick last spring .
kevone charleston of austell , georgia , pulled into a cvs pharmacy early saturday . he is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to november 2013 . the incident happened around 7 o'clock saturday morning , according to fbi special agent stephen emmett .
the ncaa is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former university of north carolina athletes . in its response , the lawsuit claimed the students did n't get an education because they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal . even with pages of online information about academic standards , it boasts of regularly .
large hadron collider , a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world , is ready for action following a two-year shutdown . after problems that delayed the restart in march , scientists at the european organization for nuclear research completed final tests . the lhc generates up to 600 million particles per second , with a beam circulating for 10 hours , traveling more than 6 billion miles -lrb- more than 10 billion km -rrb- -- the distance from earth to neptune
the saudi-led coalition smashed parts of yemen 's defense ministry central command in the capital over the weekend . under the rain of coalition bombs , the houthis , who are shiites in a majority sunni country , still control sanaa . many fear they will lose access to clean water as well .
the united states has erupted this week about what it means to live your religion , especially in indiana , where its new religious freedom restoration act faces a firestorm from critics who say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people . such state laws have been growing ever since the u.s. religious rights restoration act became law in 1993 .
somalia-based al-shabaab has been behind a string of recent attacks . cross-border raids into kenya by the group date back to 2011 . it triggered a military response by the government in nairobi , which sent troops to somalia as part of an african union mission in support of somalia 's internationally recognized government .
a connecticut juvenile court judge issued a written decision wednesday denying a motion to let the teen go home . the 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments . on march 16 , michtom tried to convince the court that she should be able to return to her mother 's home because she was no longer at imminent risk of harm from her illness .
bruno mars is the longest-leading billboard hot 100 of the 2010s . it 's also just the 10th single in the hot 100 's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at no. 1 . plus , newcomer natalie la rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit `` somebody , '' featuring jeremih .
the adventure time plane is the result of a partnership between thai airways subsidiary thai smile and cartoon network amazone . the inaugural thailand smile adventure time flight takes place on april 4 , heading from bangkok to phuket . the plane has an adventure time theme , with overhead bins , head rests and even air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters from the show .
the temperature was recorded at argentina 's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula . the world meteorological organization , a specialized united nations agency , is in the process of setting up an international ad-hoc committee of about 10 blue-ribbon climatologists .
kim ki-jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction . he was stabbed march 5 during an event organized by the korean council for reconciliation and cooperation , which advocates peaceful reunification between north and south korea . shortly before lippert was supposed to give a speech , the attacker slashed him in the face and jaw .
obama 's political standing and historic legacy in foreign policy are so deeply intertwined with reaching an accord with iran . there is a reason one gets the feeling that it is the united states and not iran that is the more eager , even desperate , side in these talks , even though iran is the country whose economy was sent into a deep chill by international sanctions .
deion sanders jr. has a trust fund , a condo and his own clothing line called ` well off ' . he followed it up with another tweet that included the hashtags #versacesheets #huxtable and #trustfund . junior is a wide receiver at southern methodist university , an aspiring entrepreneur and occasional rapper .
the company is shutting down the broken arrow facility ` out of an abundance of caution ' to search for a possible cause of contamination . it is the third time blue bell has taken action in light of a listeria outbreak at a kansas hospital that served the company 's ice cream . the bacteria in the hospital sample appeared to match each other genetically .
a former banker , 29-year-old briton rurik jutting , was charged with two counts of murder . on thursday , a court hearing that was to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until may . in the early hours of saturday morning , november 1 , police found a woman lying on the blood-splattered floor , later identified as seneng mujiasih . during a search of the apartment , officers uncovered another
the final film featuring the late paul walker is opening around the globe this weekend and earned a record-breaking $ 60 million internationally on wednesday and thursday for a possible worldwide debut approaching or crossing $ 300 million by the end of easter sunday . domestically , it will be playing in 4,003 theaters by good friday . internationally , it has booked more than 10,500 screens in 63 territories , although it wo n't open in china , japan and russia until
in a series of tweets , the prisoner formerly known as bradley manning said she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to communications firm fitzgibbon media . she is not allowed internet access in prison , according to the guardian . the fort leavenworth disciplinary barracks in kansas , where she is serving her sentence , has authorized hormone therapy for her treatment .
the virginia supreme court said in jordan v. kollman that ` the elements of libel are -lrb- 1 -rrb- publication of -lrlrbb- 2 ,rrb , an actionable statement ' must be both false and defamatory . of course , the law of defamation must be balanced against the freedom of speech protected under not only the first amendment to the united states constitution , but also the virginia constitution . true statements can not be defamatory
japan 's air self defense force had never encountered an extraterrestrial flying object . responding to a query from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker antonio inoki , defense minister gen nakatani said his jets had , to date , never come across any ufos from outer space .
malaysian bomb maker marwan , whose real name is zulkifli bin hir , was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the philippines in january . the fbi said in february that a dna sample -- understood to be from a severed finger -- taken from a man killed in a raid . but tests have confirmed that the dead man was the wanted islamic extremist .
shibuya ward passed ordinance on wednesday paving the way for ` partnership certificates ' for same-sex couples , allowing them some of the rights of married heterosexual couples . other advantages that heterosexual married couples enjoy , such as joint filing of taxes , are controlled by the federal government and are outside the remit of individual municipalities .
the offbeat tv series , created by lynch and mark frost , featured a quirky fbi agent who went to the pacific northwest town of twin peaks . the groundbreaking series is considered one of the most influential shows in television history . lynch broke the news about his departure in a series of tweets .
a deflated panel of wildcats fielded a reporter 's question about wisconsin standout frank kaminsky , a hot mic picked up kentucky guard andrew harrison . harrison , who is black , said his words were `` in jest , '' and that he meant no disrespect to kaminks who is white .
the plant produces paraxylene -lrb- px -rrb- , a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics . the blast occurred at an oil storage facility monday night after an oil leak . five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to the hospital for treatment .
the epa is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on march 18 . the family had rented the villa from march 14 to march 22 , and were later hospitalized . the use of the pesticide is restricted in the united states because of its acute toxicity .
rand paul , who today declared he 's running for president of the united states , is doing . his campaign team told reporters last week that his campaign announcement message would be about `` expanding the republican party '' -- a message of inclusion . but those of us listening today who he is hoping to include , heard nothing more than hype .
the u.s. department of justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs , and the charges are serious indeed . a 15-count indictment filed in federal court in california bristles with accusations of conspiracies , transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions , violations of the controlled substances act .
the end arrived with -- depending on your ideals and your tribe -- either the rolling stones ' altamont fiasco in december 1969 , the kent state shootings in may 1970 or richard nixon 's 1972 re-election . over the past eight years , the show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times has become part of the national fabric .
the comedian made light of racial disparities in police treatment of whites and blacks with a tongue-in-cheek guide to not being beaten by the police . he encapsulated the frustration and grief caused by a new york grand jury 's decision not to indict a white police officer in the death of a black man with a simple tweet : `` this one was on film '' . now , he 's stirring things up again with a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks .
mark wahlberg 's film , to be titled ` patriots ' day , is being produced by cbs films , which linked to the deadline article from its website . the film will be told from davis ' point of view . it will be the second film related to the boston bombing to be announced .
model manuela arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game for a new hyundai sonata . host drew carey could n't stop laughing . but everything turned out ok , she tweeted later . on wednesday , former host bob barker , 91 , showed up to run his old show .
kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims . posts provided heart-wrenching details on the victims , including one about an elderly man whose dreams died with his son . he had reportedly taken a loan to educate him at the university , where he was killed by al-shabaab terrorists .
investigators are not expected to return to the crash site , said capt. yves naffrechoux of the high mountain gendarmerie . the plane crashed march 24 in rugged terrain of the alps about 6 miles -lrb- 10 kilometers -rrb- from the town of seyne-les-alpes .
carlos colina , 32 , was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . police were notified saturday morning about a suspicious item along a walkway in cambridge . after that discovery , a surveillance video led them to an apartment building , where more body parts were discovered in a common area .
american jennifer stewart says she and her husband booked felix on their etihad airways flight from the united arab emirates to new york 's john f. kennedy international airport on april 1 . shortly after the plane arrived , felix went missing somewhere on the grounds of kennededy airport . the airline shipped more than 200 pets last year .
the hollywood mogul was interviewed on bill simmons ' podcast recently . netflix had no comment for cnn when asked to verify his statements . it was not yet known if the full cast , including jason bateman , michael cera and will arnett , will return for the season .
there is a phrase that many never come across , even among christians : easter triduum . this refers to the three days of easter that begin with good friday , proceed through holy saturday , and conclude with easter sunday . the idea of holy communion begins with this meal , which was a passover meal .
the gospel of john tells the rich man in one of his best-known parables . it was a mantra he invoked repeatedly : the poor were blessed . meanwhile , jesus told his twelve apostles to leave their day jobs and follow him on an itinerant mission with few prospects of success and no visible means of support .
massachusetts is hosting two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory -- those of former new england patriot aaron hernandez and boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev . both lengthy trials are coming to a close . in louisville , kentucky , sen. rand paul made the not-so-surprising announcement that he will run for president , while in chicago , voters will head to the polls in a very surprising runoff between mayor rah
ted cruz continued shaking hands with anyone who wanted to meet him . after selfies and conversations started to die down , his aides managed to move him closer to the door when a tall , burly man stopped him . he 's counting on iowa , known for its vocal and active evangelical base .
` i always knew i wanted elena 's story to be a six season adventure , and within those six years i got the journey of a lifetime , ' she posted on her social media accounts . many chastised the show 's producers for allowing the show to go on to a seventh season this fall after she departs .
zhou yongkang , 72 , was also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets . as a member of the ruling communist party 's politburo standing committee , china 's top decision-making body , zhou was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people . now , prosecutors have accused zhou of taking advantage of his posts to seek benefits for others and illegally accepting huge amounts of money .
federal education minister smriti irani was visiting a fabindia outlet in goa on friday when she discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room . state authorities launched their investigation right after irani levied her accusation . the arrested staff have been charged with voyeurism and breach of privacy .
the group included four children , the oldest being 10 or 11 , with the youngest born in 2013 . it did n't say why the group allegedly was trying to get into syria . among the war 's combatants isis , which has taken over parts of syria and iraq for what it claims is its islamic caliphate .
kayahan had performed most recently in istanbul on valentine 's day . he competed in the eurovision song contest , and the year before he released the album that ignited his career . the cancer returned in 2005 and then again in 2014 , turkey 's semiofficial anadolu agency reported .
russia 's state-run news agency itar-tass reported insulation caught on fire as welding work was being done on the submarine . the sub had been undergoing repairs since november 2013 . the fire presents no threat to people and the shipyard , according to a law enforcement source .
mexican state oil company pemex said 45 workers were injured in the blaze , which began early wednesday morning . authorities evacuated about 300 people from the abkatun permanente platform after the fire started . at least 10 boats worked to battle the blaze for hours . the fire had been extinguished by wednesday night .
tv5monde was gradually regaining control of its channels and social media outlets after suffering what the network 's director called an ` extremely powerful cyberattack ' . on a mobile site , which was still active , the network said it was ` hacked by an islamist group ' . there was no immediate claim of responsibility by isis or any other group .
a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general 's office in balkh province , northern afghanistan , thursday afternoon . afghan security forces are cautiously making advances in the fight in order to avoid civilian casualties , according to the press . the assailants are ongoing , although most staff members and civilians have been rescued .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was found guilty on wednesday of all 30 counts he faced in the boston marathon bombing trial . seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty . the trial will next move into a penalty phase , where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides .
the blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the general electric appliance park in louisville . the park is large , such that 34 football fields could fit in one of its warehouses in the facility . video showed both smoke and bright orange flames . firefighters took up positions around the affected buildings , spraying water from the periphery .
a u.s. official said up to 25,000 iraqis troops were expected to return to the key northern iraqi city in april or may . washington is ` not putting a timeframe on ' a possible invasion . it has also long been a source of embarrassment , considering how it fell after iraq 's troops dropped their weapons , abandoned their posts and ran for their lives when militants arrived last june .
the california public utilities commission is ordering pacific gas & electric co. to pay a record $ 1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system . most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety . another $ 50 million will go toward `` other remedies to enhance pipeline safety , '' the commission said . pg&e said it has paid more than $ 500 million in claims to the victims and victims ' families in san bruno .
a video surfaced on youtube of a massive twister barreling across an open field , barely missing farmhouses and barns . eight tornadoes were reported wednesday in oklahoma , kansas and missouri . it appears residents have been fortunate enough to come away from the terrifying weather spectacle alive .
a bystander 's cell phone video , which began after an alleged struggle on the ground between slager and scott , shows the five-year police veteran shooting at scott eight times as scott runs away . if words were exchanged between the men , they 're not audible on the tape . it 's unclear what happened before scott ran , or why he ran .
yashasvi yadav , senior superintendent of police in lucknow , northern india , said the city 's force has bought four drones . the miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray . views on the new measure are mixed , with some concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech .
xavier morales , a supervisor within the agency , of assault after he made sexual advances at her , according to the washington post . morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended . last month , two top-ranking officials were suspended following an incident at a white house command post during an investigation of a possible bomb .
dyson , 86 , died sunday at home in santa monica after a long illness . he was nominated for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years , finally winning the trophy in 1992 . his wife , artist kathryn jacobi , told the hollywood reporter .
vijay chokalingam 's brother vijay unveiled a project of his own . the show was a breakthrough for on-screen representation . it looks likely to be renewed for the coming 2015-16 season . kalingam had spent his college years as a ` hard-partying frat boy ' .
the 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song 's lyrics for $ 1.2 million to an unnamed buyer . mclean was a paperboy when , on february 3 , 1959 , he saw that buddy holly , ritchie valens and j.p. `` the big bopper '' richardson had been tragically killed in an airplane crash in clear lake , iowa .
anthony ray hinton , 58 , thanked god and his lawyers friday morning outside the county jail in birmingham , minutes after taking his first steps as a free man since 1985 . he spoke of unjustly losing three decades of his life , under fear of execution , for something he did n't do . jefferson county circuit court judge laura petro had ordered hinton released after granting the state 's motion to dismiss charges against him .
we know the significance of april 8 , 2015 , and the alignment of 4:23.42 p.m. on that date to everyone obsessed with the hit abc show . twitter did n't , paying homage to the 1995 film ` empire records ' and the character of rex manning .
mary kay letourneau fualaau was a married 34-year-old teacher and mother of four in seattle in 1996 when she began an affair with her student . she gave birth to her young lover 's child and went on to serve more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship .
 twisted sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last , according to a press release . next year marks the band 's 40th anniversary , and to celebrate , the tour is being titled ` forty and f*ck it ' . the band will play with a new drummer , mike portnoy of adrenaline mob .
the critically-panned film , which opened last year 's cannes film festival , will premiere on lifetime on memorial day , may 25 . after the movie performed poorly in its international engagements , the weinstein co. decided to sell it directly to lifetime rather than book it into u.s. theaters .
` don mclean 's manuscript of ` american pie ' achieved the 3rd highest auction price for an american literary manuscript , a fitting tribute to one the foremost singer-songwriters of his generation , ' christie 's tom lecky said in a statement . mclean has said that the opening lines were inspired by the death of buddy holly , but after that , it 's all been conjecture -- which has n't stopped a marching band 's worth of analysts from trying
the photographer , daniel ramos , had filed the civil suit against west after the hip-hop star attacked him and tried to wrestle his camera from him in july 2013 . a judge sentenced him to two years ' probation , as well as anger management sessions and community service . the case had been set for trial next week , but allred issued a statement tuesday night saying ramos ' side had filed a dismissal .
the actor , one of the church of scientology 's most high-profile members along with stars like tom cruise and kirstie alley , is premiering his new film , `` the forger , '' in clearwater , florida . the hbo documentary is based on the book ` going clear : scientology , hollywood , and the prison of belief ' .
b.b. king was hospitalized for dehydration , though the ailment did n't keep him out for long . the legendary guitarist and vocalist released a statement thanking those who have expressed their concerns . king , 89 , has used various models of gibson guitars over the years , and named each one of them lucille .
in court last month , rebekah gregory testified that one of the blasts left her lying in the street staring at her own bones . now , jurors have found him guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the deadly bombings and their aftermath . but no verdict can ever totally make up for the pain , she said .
fujian , who works for state-run china central television , was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the communist party 's early years when he started going off script . the other dinner guests burst into laughter . bi later apologized and said he feels remorseful for that .
spotters reported a tornado about 6 miles northwest of goddard , which is less than 15 miles west of wichita . that storm moved to the northeast , missing the city , but posing potential risks to other communities . other reports of tornadoes came in from southwestern kansas , according to the storm prediction center .
katie gave birth to a not-so-little baby early friday evening . there was no immediate word on the newborn 's gender or condition . the newcomer 's debut was a long time coming , especially when you count for katie 's 15-month gestation period -- average for a giraffe .
the fourth season of ` game of thrones ' saw massive battles , major deaths -lrb- tywin ! -rrb- and white walkers , but what can fans expect sunday as we head into a fifth season of one of the most popular shows in hbo history ? it 's the most high-profile premiere yet , airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time .
the vii summit of the americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the united states and cuba . but insert venezuela into the mix and panama city , quickly turns into a ` triangle of tension ' . heads of state from 35 countries have met every three years to discuss economic , social or political issues since the creation of the summit in 1994 .
the reality is that president obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with iran -- and i worry we will lose it for good . bleeding money , and faced with falling oil prices , supreme leader ayatollah khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the ` great satan ' .
martin o'malley and jim webb share little in common at the polk county democrats awards dinner in des moines , iowa , on friday night . both democrats are facing long odds in that endeavor , and both shared a stage at the democratic democratic nomination process .
police officers accompanied the hearse carrying the body of walter scott to his south carolina funeral service . a pair of officers on motorcycles were part of the large procession delivering the father of four to a service open to the public . an overflow crowd gathered on a humid and occasionally rainy april afternoon at w.o.r.d. ministries christian center in summerville , which has a capacity of about 300 people .
the shootings were connected , authorities said . they began with what authorities believe was a domestic kidnapping incident , according to d.c. police chief cathy lanier . the suspect 's vehicle was spotted outside the census bureau , which is in suitland , maryland . the chase ended in a crash on washington 's busy h street .
the incident took place as the u.s. and other world powers meet with iran in switzerland to negotiate a deal limiting tehran 's nuclear program . the navy mh-60r armed helicopter was flying from the deck of the uss carl vinson on a routine patrol in international airspace .
liana barrientos , now 39 , is facing two criminal counts of `` offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree , '' referring to her false statements on the 2010 marriage license application . in total , she has been married 10 times , with nine of her marriages occurring between 1999 and 2002 .
the picture was apparently uploaded on imgur a few days ago . com . some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat . others are commenting about the construction of the stairs . there are advertisers waiting to take advantage of the situation . taxes ? now , those are really confusing . now , people are confusing .
pope francis opened the floodgates to allow sin in the eyes of the church . he still argues against things i passionately support , but i find myself -- like many other lapsed catholics -- enthralledalled . recently i had the pleasure of meeting one of pope 's newly appointed cardinals .
the taliban released the 11-page document in several translations on the movement 's website , ostensibly to commemorate the 19th anniversary of an april 4 , 1996 , meeting in afghanistan 's kandahar province . several afghan observers say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of omar 's demise .
amnesty international report examines persecution of activists and other champions of women 's rights not only by the taliban and tribal warlords . brutal murder of farkhunda , a young woman in afghanistan , whose body was burnt and callously chucked into a river in kabul , shocked the world .
the 40-year-old rapper from st. louis has been charged with felony possession of drugs , simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia . the state trooper stopped the bus carrying nelly and five other people on interstate 40 in putnam county on saturday because it was n't displaying u.s. department of transportation and international fuel tax association stickers .
the collection of the first six ` star wars ' movies will also include many special features , some of which give fans a rare glimpse behind the scenes of the saga . one focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies , including that of the insect-like geonosians , as seen in `` star wars episode ii : attack of the clones '' .
clinton has been through some of the roughest partisan wars and emerged stronger than ever before . she has a keen sense about the nature of the modern news media , how to use it to her advantage and how to survive scandal frenzies . she is a hardened , tough partisan who will not shy away from republican attack .
' i 've seen it before , ' the former governor of maryland said . clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to barack obama . in a march cnn/orc poll of national democrats , only 1 % picked o'malley .
ramalinga raju , the former chairman of software services exporter satyam computers services , was also fined $ 804,000 , r.k. gaur , a spokesman for india 's central bureau of investigation , told cnn . in 2009 he admitted inflating profits with fictitious assets and nonexistent cash . investigators say losses to investors resulting from the company 's book manipulation were much higher .
sweden grants a total of 480 calendar days of parental leave , with 390 of them paid at 80 % of income , with a maximum of 3,160 euros a month or $ 3,474 . the remaining 90 days are paid at a flat-rate benefit of 20 euros a day , or $ 22 .
craig hicks , 46 , was arrested february 10 in the deaths of yusor mohammad , 21 , her 23-year-old husband , deah shaddy barakat , and 19-year old sister , razan mohammed abu-salha . the next week , he was indicted on three counts of first-degree murder and a count of discharging a firearm into an occupied dwelling .
the network released a teaser video for season 2 of the critically acclaimed show . colin farrell , vince vaughn , rachel mcadams and taylor kitsch star in the new season , which premieres june 21 . here 's the plot synopsis , according to den of geek : .
bradley cooper was nominated for an oscar for his portrayal of chris kyle , a navy seal and the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history . some students believed the movie 's depiction of the iraq war reflected negatively on the middle east and people from that region .
the indiana woman 's story became known around the world last year when she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball . mount st. joseph university in cincinnati successfully petitioned the ncaa to move up the opening game of its schedule to accommodate her desire to play . hill died early friday afternoon , head coach dan benjamin said the toughest thing a coach has to deal with is a loss .
carlos colina , 32 , will be arraigned the morning of april 14 for murder in connection with the remains discovered saturday in cambridge . earlier this week , colina was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . the victim in that case is different from the one whose remains were found in recent days .
the incident occurred just before 4 a.m. at 1oak , a club in new york 's chelsea neighborhood known to draw celebrities among its clientele . 1oak 's team assisted mr. copeland to their fullest capabilities , and called for help as soon as he was seen walking back towards the venue .
gosling 's first feature as director has been divisive , to put it mildly . but there has been one shining light cutting through the fog of critical hyperbole : its setting , a besmirched and decaying detroit . gosling made clear that the city was at the heart of the project -- in fact , without detroit 's crumbling edifices there would be no film at all .
elizabeth sedway was in hawaii to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary . she was on a flight back to san jose , california , but did n't get home until late tuesday night . the airline employee who saw sedway seated in the handicapped section asked her how she was doing .
aaron hernandez , 25 , is on trial for the shooting death of odin lloyd , whose body was found in a massachusetts industrial park in june 2013 . now that the defense has rested , it wo n't be long before the jury begins deliberating . some key points jurors will have to consider after each side makes closing arguments on tuesday .
adelma cifuentes feared for her life in rural guatemala with three children and barely a third grade education . one day , two men sent by her husband showed up at her house armed with a shotgun and orders to kill her . they probably would have succeeded , but after the first bullet was fired . in her deeply conservative community , it took neighbors two hours to call for help . but the abuse did n't stop there .
robert durst , 71 , is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver , which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month . he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge , according to the indictment . the charge is the latest in a litany of accusations .
the department of justice -lrb- doj -rrb- will begin to negotiate in earnest with the city to restructure the police department . it should not be forgotten that the doj review of the ferguson police department was precipitated by months of protests and activism . now , after a half year of unrest , and with citizens on tuesday electing two new black city council members , change is beginning to come to ferguson .
steve esmond , his teenage sons and the teens ' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in st. john , delaware . the family has confidence in their medical professionals and is hopeful for a full recovery . the pesticide is injected into the soil of some u.s. strawberry fields .
oliver minatel , 22 , said he was sleeping on air canada flight 8623 from toronto when he felt something around his neck . ` with a rope , something that he has , he just jumped on me . that 's what happened , ' minatel told cnn 's paula newton moments after the incident .
the university of virginia has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it . the virginia attorney general asked the law firm of o'melveny & myers to take a look at how the university historically handled allegations of sexual assault by its students . that includes how uva officials handled the allegations in the discredited rolling stone article by a student the magazine called ` jackie ' .
rory mcilroy went out in 32 and briefly raised the crowd 's hopes that he had a sniff of completing an improbable grand slam on sunday night . woods comeback ? a rejuvenated tiger woods showed touches of his old class mixed with the ragged unpredictability that has marked his new game to finish six under too .
the first lady 's let 's move campaign has featured her dancing on more than one occasion . michelle obama broke it down and the couple scored a free wedding . kaling 's brother said that he posed as a black man years ago to get into medical school and that the experience opened his eyes to what he calls the hypocrisy of affirmative action .
7-eleven is hosting the first bring-your-own-cup slurpee day . this shot at brain freeze is n't free , but customers can fill their ` cup ' of choice for $ 1.49 , the average cost of a medium slurpee . in-store displays with a 10-inch-diameter hole will rule out anything too ridiculously large for slurpee consumption , and cups must be sanitary .
the graffiti , written in a french chalk quarry and dating back almost 100 years , is plain and stark . ` ha deanate , 148th aero squadron , usa . 150 vermilyea ave , new york city , ' reads one inscription . it was rediscovered in the late 19th century .
obama nominated loretta lynch to replace attorney general eric holder on november 8 . her confirmation is now taking on new historical relevance as her wait for a confirmation vote by the full senate drags into its sixth month . by the time the senate returns from easter recess on monday , it 'll have been longer than the eight previous nominees for the job -- combined .
the crash took place sunday at the exotic driving experience , which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack . the lamborghini 's passenger , 36-year-old gary terry of davenport , florida , died at the scene .
the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun , 51 pegasi . since then , ground-based surveys and nasa 's kepler satellite have discovered nearly 2,000 confirmed ` exoplanets ' . many have large planets like jupiter that orbit their stars far closer than mercury , the innermost planet in our solar system .
roy ramm , a former commander of specialist operations at london 's scotland yard for 27 years , explains how are such heists organized ? heists like the hatton garden raid are generally not a natural progression for burglars who began with smaller domestic break-ins . many neighborhood criminals commit burglaries to feed drugs habits and acquire long strings of convictions that mean they are always on the police radar .
the commissioner-general will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp and speak with individuals about ways to relieve the suffering of the people who remain there . the yarmouk refugee camp sits just 6 miles from central damascus , has been engulfed in fighting between the syrian government and armed groups since december 2012 .
` not gon na lie , i shed a few tears at the end of furious 7 , ' one woman said monday on twitter . hers was just one of a flood of messages on social media from people who said they got choked up during scenes featuring walker , who died at 40 in a car crash in november 2013 , before filming on ` furious 7 ' was completed .
in practice , it turns out people do n't like being sued . in-person service is not always possible , for obvious reasons . so , the law had to develop methods of alternate service , but carefully balance a defendant 's right to have notice of a lawsuit , against a diligent plaintiff 's access to court if a defendant is avoiding the inevitable .
the stars have teamed together for a video backing the show 's co-creator with a #savetwinpeaks campaign that says doing the revival without lynch is ` like pies without cherries ' . sherilyn fenn , sheryl lee , james marshall , peggy lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video .
selena , who died 20 years ago , is coming back in a big way : with a hologram-like figure . billboard reports that the singer 's family is creating a version of the singer that will be ` walking , talking , singing and dancing digital embodiment ' of her persona . the technology is being handled by acrovirt llc , a nevada-based tech company .
the cruise ship celebrity infinity has gripped 100 people on the cruise ship . of the ship 's 2,117 passengers , 95 have suffered from vomiting , diarrhea and other symptoms . the illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew . the infinity left san diego on march 29 .
the women were among detained on march 6 and march 7 in three chinese cities -- beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou -- shortly before events they had planned for international women 's day . the five were initially held on suspicion of ` picking quarrels and provoking trouble ' . campaign group amnesty international said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum jail term of five years .
daniel boykin , 33 , entered the woman 's home multiple times , where he took videos , photos and other data . the victim filed a complaint after seeing images of herself on his phone last year . boykin pleaded guilty to unlawful photography , aggravated burglary and violation of the computer act . he was terminated last year when the investigation began .
a section of fiberglass boat 20 or 30 feet long was spotted off the state 's coast this week and has been towed into harbor . the debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit japan on march 11 , 2011 . inside were found -- more than four years and 4,000 miles later , if officials ' suspicions are correct .
cuba pulled off diplomatic coup by marshaling support of other regional countries to insist on their attendance at the summit of the americas . now it 's time to see how they play and who they play with -- especially venezuela , which often falls out with washington for crushing dissent at home and supplying havana with billions of dollars in oil .
isis said it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday . by sunday , isis said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings , but iraqi government security officials denied that claim . if an attack damaged oil fields or machinery , it could have a significant impact .
ryan calhoun and delonte martistee , students at troy university , were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators . the troy , alabama , police department found video of what appeared to be a panama city gang rape during the course of an investigation into an unrelated shooting .
alaska airlines flight 448 was barely on its way to los angeles from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon . the banging in the cargo hold did come from a person and he turned out to be a ramp agent from menzies aviation . the plane was also only in the air for 14 minutes .
walter scott was shot and killed by a police officer in north charleston , south carolina , on saturday . since then , it 's been taken up as an icon of the black lives matter movement . creator phillip hyman grew up in the neighborhood where scott , an unarmed black man , was shot in the back several times .
a u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su-27 flanker . the pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland . the russian pilot 's actions were ` unsafe and unprofessional due to the aggressive maneuvers it performed in close proximity to their aircraft and its high rate of speed ' .
the person responsible is the man 's mother , who on sunday faced a host of charges after allegedly abandoning her son and catching a bus to maryland to see her boyfriend . low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week , and rain was reported in the area wednesday and thursday .
obama said he understands and respects netanyahu 's stance that israel is particularly vulnerable and does n't ` have the luxury of testing these propositions ' . he said , should be sufficient to take advantage of this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to see whether or not we can at least take the nuclear issue off the table .
hundreds of girls were kidnapped on april 14-15 , 2014 in the town of chibok . they were kidnapped by a jihadist group in northeastern nigeria . the government girls secondary school had been closed for a month . but students from several schools had been called in to take a final exam in physics .
nyia parler , 41 , is charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , recklessly endangering another person and related offenses . a man walking through the woods found him friday `` lying in leaves , covered in a blanket with a bible and a wheelchair nearby , '' police say . if she chooses not to challenge her extradition , she will be transported to philadelphia once the treatment is complete .
the law , signed by kansas gov. sam brownback on tuesday , bans what it describes as ` dismemberment abortion ' . supporters of the measure described it as a groundbreaking step . the law does not spell out a specific time frame that limits when an abortion can occur , but it bans the dilation and evacuation abortion procedure commonly used during the second trimester of pregnancy .
nyia parler , 41 , entered custody sunday after philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in maryland . a man walking through the woods found him friday `` lying in leaves , covered in a blanket with a bible and a wheelchair nearby , '' police say . if she chooses not to challenge her extradition , she will be transported to philadelphia once the treatment is complete .
chinese-born jia jiang decided to blog about ` 100 days of rejection ' . after his tech start-up was declined investment , he decided to confront his fear of rejection head-on . this led to his writing book called rejection proof , part self-help and part motivational/autobiography , which is being released this week .
more than 10,000 people have not survived , life will never be the same . but for those who did not experience ebola personally , the ` most severe public health emergency seen in modern times ' showed the world its vulnerability to disease . the initial dire predictions that there would be over a million infections by january never came true .
the baby was a bit tardy , going past his due date by more than a week . her super-sized family and their lives have been well-documented on their tlc series , including jill and derick 's wedding on june 21 . eldest duggar son josh is already the father of three children , and his wife , anna , is expecting their fourth in july .
cnn situation room correspondent brian todd and photojournalist khalil abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on l street nw . the ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street , and some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them . a man gave up his umbrella for the cause `` while the mom was going crazy '' .
the victim , ron lane , was a longtime employee and the school 's print shop operator , was white , as is the suspect . lane 's relatives said he was gay , cnn affiliate wncn reported . on monday , stancil walked into the print shop on the third floor of a campus building , aimed a pistol-grip shotgun and fired once , killing lane .
former australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster richie benaud has died at the age of 84 . benaud was inducted into the sport australian hall of fame in 1985 . he spent more than four decades with the bbc taking the game into millions of british living rooms .
the former portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade , a target for 16th century pirates and a refuge for exiled jews . now , cape verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of this rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish .
the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of libya . in the first three months of 2015 , italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving . at least 480 migrants have died while crossing the mediterranean since the beginning of the year , often because of bad weather and overcrowded vessels used by smugglers .
new research indicates that `` double falsehood , '' a play first published in 1728 by lewis theobald , was actually written more than a century earlier by shakespeare himself with help from his friend john fletcher . the findings were published this week by two scholars who used computer software to analyze the writings of the three men .
government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to al-shabaab . so far , the government has frozen 86 accounts , but that number could go up . it has a list of suspects from various parts of the country , but mostly in nairobi and mombasa , he said .
irish betting company paddy power is backtracking after tweeting that ` newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american male ' . the tweet , a pun on the name of the famous home end at liverpool football club , alluded to recent controversial incidents in the united states .
a nasa astrophysicist has named an asteroid after the teenage education activist from pakistan , who was gravely wounded by a taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls ' to go to school . after reading her story , scientist amy mainzer decided malala deserved to be immortalized . so , she attached her name to the heavens . thousands of asteroids swarm through the solar system mainly between mars and jupiter .
last month wu rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on international women 's day against sexual harassment in china . since then , the chinese authorities have formally detained her and four other activists for ` creating disturbances ' . they also briefly detained some of the activists ' supporters , raided a prominent nongovernmental organization that called for their release . the fate of the five will be revealed by april 13 , as their case reaches the legal time limit when they must either
arias , 34 , was found guilty of first-degree murder in may 2013 . she could have sentenced arias to life with the possibility of early release after 25 years , but decided the convicted killer should spend the rest of her life behind bars . earlier , travis alexander 's sisters gave their victim impact statements .
attorney general eric holder wrote in a memo to all personnel in the department he heads . holder does n't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution . the directive comes a few weeks after a justice department inspector general report found dea agents in foreign postings attended sex parties with prostitutes paid for by drug cartels .
clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the united states . win or lose , this creates a burden for her that no male candidate will ever have to shoulder . a win would mean a woman in the white house , which is a vital step in the march toward women 's full political inclusion .
video shows white police officer , michael slager , gunning down and killing an apparently unarmed black man named walter scott after a traffic stop in north charleston , south carolina . but the event raises broad , troubling questions about how often such incidents take place without the benefit of a third-party recording .
there has been public outrage at the notion that a defendant in america in 2015 would be offered a choice of sterilization as part of a plea deal . except , it happens all the time . some have claimed this practice ` evokes a dark corner of american history ' where the mentally ill or `` deficient '' were forced to undergo sterilization .
emy afalava was born in american samoa , a u.s. territory since 1900 . he has been subject to american law his whole life and thinks he should be a citizen . the fourteenth amendment declares that ` all persons born ... in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof ' .
dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the boston marathon bombing . the verdict is n't surprising . what might be , however , is the answer to how we prevent this kind of violence from happening again . because there could be other more young men just like him , which means the lessons we take from boston will affect whether we can keep america and americans safer .
apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race , ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis . the reaction to this new lineup is , as should be expected with almost anything new in today 's hypersensitive climate , a range of cheers and jeers .
michael slager fired eight shots at walter scott as he fled his encounter with north charleston police . if not for the video taken by a bystander , i ca n't help but think that this story would be shuttered behind the wall of an active investigation . as a defense attorney , i am more sensitive than anyone to the assumption of innocence for those accused of a crime , but this single piece of evidence -- a video of a man shot in the back while in full retreat
the pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30 % of iraqi territory seized by isis . the map , above , shows gains in key central and northern areas where the terror group was previously the dominant force . the gains made in the fight against the terrorist group by iraqis security forces and coalition air power certainly look impressive .
iman hashi , 25 , and her sister siham , 27 , were born in the somali capital but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991 . along with their parents , the girls relocated to canada as refugees where during their teens they discovered a passion for music . heading south to la by way of atlanta , the singing sisters with a bold flair for fashion are now embarking on a musical journey .
the syrian government responded by unleashing a bombing and shelling campaign on the area , including barrel bombs that flattened many of the buildings already scarred by the three-year-long conflict . most of those fighting on all sides are palestinians . pro-government factions besiege the area from outside , cutting off supplies and aid most of the time .
the full miniseries will run for 12 weeks , so consider it a spring revival . this is the first of the last several episodes , where we 'll learn the fate of don draper and the cast of characters . anna friel stars as a special forces translator in mali who is believed to be dead by those back in the states .
as many marvel fans know , thursday was the eve of the new netflix series ` daredevil , ' and after a photoshopped first look at charlie cox 's iconic red daredevil suit went out . director bryan singer announced a new character for next year 's sequel ` x-men : apocalypse ' .
aaron hernandez was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison . odin lloyd was her first born , her only son , odin . the 27-year-old played football for the boston bandits , the oldest semi-pro team in boston and the winner of four championships in the new england football league .
a group of 8 out of 10 american taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes , and the average amount is close to $ 3000 . that pays for a lot of stuff . to make the good news even better , tax filing has gotten rather simple for most people , with various software and service providers offering to do the dreaded paperwork for free .
former new england patriots star aaron hernandez will need to keep his lawyers even after being convicted of murder and other charges in the death of odin lloyd . the 25-year-old potentially faces three more trials -- one criminal and two civil actions . next up is another murder trial in which he is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a boston nightclub in july 2012 .
lincoln 's two greatest legacies grew organically from his midwestern roots . he knew firsthand that no defensible border shielded the land of cotton . the entire region from the appalachians to the rockies drained through the mississippi river , enabling farmers in this vast basin to float their goods down to market through new orleans and from there to the world .
the ringling bros. center for elephant conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural central florida , halfway between orlando and sarasota . twenty-nine elephants currently live here , and 13 more will join the group by 2018 . the change comes after years of repeated criticism and lawsuits by animal rights groups .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at turf moor in the premier league on sunday . aaron ramsey was enough to separate the two sides and secure the title . but chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly queens park rangers . arsene wenger said coquelin 's contribution to arsenal 's current run .
the kickoff to the new season leads the list of six things to watch in the week ahead . ` orphan black , ' 9 p.m. et , saturday , april 18 , bbc america . the cloning cult sci-fi series remains one of the most critically acclaimed shows on tv .
the 2015 mtv movie awards : see the full winners list . here are the jokes , performances and moments that hit the target . amy schumer 's opener : from a `` boyhood '' / hpv joke to nearly flashing j.k. simmons to her run-in with a cancer support group .
the pitch-black-dark new series streamed its first season on netflix on friday morning . charlie cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney matt murdock , whose nights are consumed with cleaning up the new york neighborhood of hell 's kitchen while dressed in a black ninjaesque outfit .
the actress was on a trip with her husband that she described in an earlier tweet as a ` romantic getaway ' . the airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight . per the uk department of transport , travelers can carry breast milk through security and are allowed quantities larger than 100ml if necessary .
` cynthia lennon passed away today at her home in mallorca , spain , following a short but brave battle with cancer . her son , julian , was at her bedside throughout , ' his website says . cynthia studied to be an illustrator and john practiced painting .
the trailer features early footage of winehouse talking about how her music career was born and where she believed she was headed . winehouse , known for her bluesy voice , bouffant hairdo and numerous tattoos , struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol during a career in which she recorded two albums and won six grammys .
ray gricar , 59 , went missing on april 15 , 2005 , leaving behind a live-in girlfriend , a beautiful and successful daughter and a bank account that was supposed to fund a fast-approaching retirement . months later his county-issued laptop and hard drive were found -- separately -- on the banks of the river , too damaged to read .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward . the jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week . the death penalty is on the table . dzhok har and his brother tamerlan , who was killed in a shootout with police , were intent on terrorizing not just bostonians , but all americans , prosecutors said .
dzhokhar tsarnaev 's trial began march 4 , after which federal prosecutors called 92 witnesses , and the defense just four . timeline of the bombings , manhunt and aftermath . lawyer judy clarke argued that tsarnaev only took part in the plot under the influence of his brother tamerlan tsarnaev .
the confusion and panic came less than two weeks after al-shabaab slaughtered 147 people at a college in garissa , kenya . as many as 108 students from the university of nairobi were admitted to kenyatta national hospital . at least 63 students have been discharged , and at least four are slated for surgery .
tepco deployed the remote-controlled robot on friday inside one of the damaged reactors that had suffered a meltdown following a devastating earthquake and tsunami in 2011 . it set out to collect data on radiation levels and investigate the spread of debris , stalled after moving about 10 meters . the project is estimated to cost $ 50 billion and will take years to complete .
video shows reserve deputy robert bates announcing he is going to deploy his taser after an undercover weapons sting on april 2 . he surrendered tuesday morning , accompanied by his attorney , clark brewster , and immediately posted bail of $ 25,000 . harris ran when officers came in for the arrest .
the tiny shop , located in tsim sha tsui , is swarming with people handing over wads of cash for the ` little bear cookies ' . people are even hired to stand in line to buy the goods and are later resold at a 70 % mark-up yards away .
the reinforcements come four days after isis began attacking northern iraq 's baiji oil refinery . the facility refines much of the fuel used by iraqis domestically . the additional troops came from camp speicher , a fortified iraqi base near the city of tikrit .
brett mcgurk made in an exclusive interview , referring to more than 20,000 foreign fighters who have gone into syria . the comments were some of the administration 's strongest to date in describing the challenge the united states and its allies face in battling isis . he concluded , ` we 're in unchartered territory here ' .
a saudi general said saturday the nine-nation coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since they began on march 26 . clashes took place near the saudi-yemeni border , in the najran region . three saudi military officers were killed and two others were wounded in the shelling .
amina ali qassim and her family fled birim at first light , piling in with three other families . twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the bab al-mandab strait to djibouti . it 's now being crossed by desperate yemenis in rickety fishing boats seeking refuge from the conflict threatening to engulf their country .
a woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers . the bus was heading to the central nigerian city of jos , 125 kilometers away . the woman pretended to be going to jos and lingered around the bus . the bag exploded and set the bus on fire , killing five people and inujuring around 15 others .
john t. booker jr. of topeka , an american citizen also known as mohammed abdullah hassan , was taken into custody near manhattan , kansas , in a van that contained what he thought was a bomb . booker enlisted in the army last year and was due to ship out to basic training april 7 , 2014 .
thousands of yazidis live within hearing distance of one of iraqi kurdistan 's frontlines with isis . the vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from sinjar and fled the isis assault there back in august . but the islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves .
muhammadu buhari said he 'll ` rapidly give attention ' to curbing violence in the northeast part of nigeria . by cooperating with neighboring nations chad , cameroon and niger , he said his administration is confident it will be able to thwart criminals and others contributing to nigeria 's instability .
the campaign 's purpose , the document states , is `` to give every family , every small business , and every american a path to lasting prosperity by electing hillary clinton the next president of the united states . many of the ` guiding principles ' in the memo mention issues that sunk clinton 's first campaign .
faleh essawi , deputy chief of provincial council , met up with . came just as we were about to hit the bridge - the only safe route from baghdad to neighboring anbar province . ` isis has taken the east of the city , it 's not accessible , ' he says .
the scene was creve coeur lake outside of st. louis early friday morning . the team 's boat got near the dock , when suddenly a swarm of asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack . thankfully , no rowers were injured during the ordeal , but the strong smell of fish lingered in the moments afterward .
the white house insists it does n't need congressional approval for the iran nuclear deal announced this month . but historical precedent suggests the president might indeed have the authority to move forward without congress , the obama administration should probably learn another lesson from history . true , the fight for congressional approval would be politically bruising and consume a huge amount of energy .
the #foodbanknycchallenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week , which translates to $ 1.38 per meal . the amount of supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits a person can get is based on the u.s. department of agriculture 's thrifty food plan .
gov. nathan deal signed a bill thursday that will legalize low-thc cannabis oil for certain ` medication-resistant epilepsies ' . the bill is dubbed haleigh 's hope act . haleigh , who has been the face of the bill , was having hundreds of seizures a day and the five potent drugs meant to control them were n't making life better for the little girl .
lady antebellum singer hillary scott 's tour bus caught fire on a texas freeway thursday morning . smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl and barnett slowly approached in his vehicle . as he drew closer to the bus , barnett decided to stop filming because he did n't know what to expect .
six people , including one civilian , were killed when a car bomb exploded near the police station in al-arish , capital of north sinai . ansar beit al-maqdis , an isis affiliate , claimed responsibility for the attack , which came hours after another operation that the group also claimed .
photographer carolina sandretto captures the crumbling buildings that many cubans divide and cohabitate , often with several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling . the building did not keep pace with the population , and cubans were forced to adapt by dividing and re-dividing up homes to make room .
the bill passed 92 to 8 , also includes a two-year extension of a popular children 's health insurance program . the issue of payments to medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years . the house approved the same bill overwhelmingly more than two weeks ago and president obama is expected to sign it .
a gold ring snorkeling at finn 's beach in bali , roxy walsh was holding on to some rocks when she spotted something special . engraved with the words , `` darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 . love jenny , '' the antique ring lodged in the rocks clearly meant something to both joe and jenny . but there were no other clues -lrb- besides the fact that the words were written in english -rrb- as to where the
parents can choose to opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons , or by stating they are ` conscientious objectors ' . under the new ` no jab , no pay ' policy , the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting january 2016 . thousands of families could lose out on welfare payments .
the first meeting of obama and castro since they announced plans to start normalizing diplomatic ties should not be the end of the summit story . or at least obama is hoping it wo n't be . after all , the president has had some unhappy experiences at hemispheric summits , where the headlines have often focused on some less than flattering moments .
lt. colonel john schwemmer and other active u.s. military personnel are on the ground in iraq . they 've been here before , but this time , he feels , they 're getting it right . many foreigners , including americans , have volunteered to take the fight to isis .
georgian chess grandmaster banned from dubai open chess tournament . officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone . nigalidze 's opponent , tigran petrosian of armenia , grew suspicious . but after looking into the bathroom stall he visited , they found the smartphone hidden in toilet paper .
hln 's #meforreal is an uplifting , revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online . we want to see the real parts of life , the ones that do n't get a filter or a facebook post but are a part of our realities nonetheless . tag your favorite unscripted , unedited , un-perfected moments .
some supervisors at the tulsa county sheriff 's office were told to forge reserve deputy robert bates ' training records . claims that the volunteer deputy 's records had been falsified emerged ` almost immediately ' from multiple sources after bates killed eric harris on april 2 . the newspaper 's story does not say who allegedly asked the supervisors to falsify the training records or why . but the orders apparently started years ago , before harris ' death , `` back when -lr
the items are crafts and artifacts made by japanese-americans confined to world war ii internment camps . a grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition , a facebook page , and mediation by `` star trek '' actor george takei has resulted in rago arts and auction center agreeing to pull the items from the sale .
donald sterling accused stiviano of targeting wealthy older men . she claimed donald sterling used the couple 's money to buy a ferrari , two bentleys and a range rover , and that he helped her get a $ 1.8 million duplex . in the lawsuit , rochelle ` shelly ' sterling sued her .
thabo sefolosha suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage when he and teammate pero antic were arrested near the scene of the stabbing of indiana pacers forward chris copeland and two other women early april 8 . the incident occurred in a new york nightclub last week .
the jury of seven women and five men listened to more than 130 witnesses and reviewed more than 400 pieces of evidence over the months-long trial . on wednesday , they convicted hernandez , who was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole , after deliberating more than 35 hours over parts of seven days .
the washington post 's bureau chief in tehran was arrested in july . it took more than four months for a judge to hear charges against him . the iranian-american will be tried soon on espionage , tehran 's chief justice said . he is accused of economic spying , the post reported .
in an audio message released sunday , al qaeda confirmed that two of its leaders , known as ustad ahmad farooq and qari abdullah mansur , were killed in cia drone strikes in january in north waziristan , near the afghan-pakistan border . the creation of the terror group 's south asia branch was seen by some terrorism analysts as an attempt to steal some of the limelight from isis .
the u.n. security council voted tuesday in favor of an arms embargo on houthis . the group that has taken over large swaths of yemen , including its capital , sanaa , and supporters of former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh . russia abstained from tuesday 's vote , saying it did n't like the inclusion of sanctions . in recent weeks , saudi arabia has led a coalition that is conducting airstrikes on targets associated with sale
police and airport security located the girl on a johannesburg-bound flight , and ` we got our agencies to secure all the important exit points in the country ' . virginia teen accused of being isis recruiter . it 's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged , he said .
in addition to its 11 channels , tv5monde also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets and its websites . on a mobile site , which was still active , the network said it was ` hacked by an islamist group ' . there was no immediate claim of responsibility by isis or any other group .
marion ` suge ' knight was ordered thursday to stand trial for murder and other charges stemming from a deadly hit-and-run confrontation on the movie set of the biopic ` straight outta compton ' earlier this year . in addition to that ruling , judge ronald coen lowered knight 's bail to $ 10 million from $ 25 million , a figure that defense lawyers called excessive . in all , knight will stand trial on one count of murder , a count of attempted murder
robert bates , the tulsa county , oklahoma , reserve sheriff 's deputy accused of manslaughter in the death of eric harris . bates told investigators that he mistook his firearm for the stun gun . while bates is at the center of the maelstrom over harris ' death , he is n't the only one under scrutiny .
the marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country . twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns . #peacemarch and #saynotoxenophobia were some of the most popular . hashtags are now pouring out of south africa . attacks this week have killed two immigrants and three south africans .
police arrested the suspect at 11 p.m. tuesday after developing information that george davon kennedy was the third suspect seen in the video of the gang rape , bcso investigators obtained a warrant for his arrest . deputies in dekalb , in the atlanta area , tracked down and arrested him on a charge of sexual assault by multiple perpetrators .
the california department of public health declared friday . it has been 42 days since the last known case of b3 strain of measles . five who had a different genotype than the outbreak strain , the state was able to obtain the vaccination status for 81 patients . of the 81 , 70 % were unvaccinated .
` furious 7 ' hits theaters friday , months after controversy was stirred about the lack of diversity at the oscars . there were no actors of color nominated and no women in the directing category , which was dominated by white males . in contrast , `` furious 7 '' could n't be more racially and ethnically inclusive .
the exact cause of friday 's blast is under investigation , sheriff margaret mims said . three other inmates at the site were not hurt . earlier , the sheriff 's office included them in the injury count . the incident occurred at the spot where a county worker was operating a front loader .
a youtube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer , which had spanish subtitles on the screen . the trailer begins with a commentator 's voice asking , `` is it really surprising that the most powerful man in the world should be a figure of controversy ? '' as footage of superman plays , numerous commentators ' voices overlap one another with their opinions of the superheroes .
john helinski was homeless and nameless for three years . suddenly , he 's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension . the shelter where the case worker works set helinski up with a bunk and a locker . but getting him into the system was hard , because helinski 's id and social security cards had been stolen .
dr. anthony moschetto , 54 , pleaded not guilty wednesday to criminal solicitation , conspiracy , burglary , arson , criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on long island . he was released after posting $ 2 million bond and surrendering his passport .
kenneth morgan stancil iii is accused of killing an employee monday at wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina . he was found sleeping on a florida beach on tuesday . just a few minutes into thursday 's hearing on the first-degree murder charge he faces .
the hope is that most of the battleship 's sailors and marines can be identified . the uss oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on december 7 , 1941 , during the japanese attack on pearl harbor . by 1950 , all unidentified remains were laid to rest as unknowns at the national memorial cemetery of the pacific .
thousands of syrian and palestinian refugees trapped in yarmouk refugee camp have suffered what can only be described as untold indignities . but while the story is in itself tragic , it is the individual lives at the heart of the camp that make the imperative for humanitarian action so compelling . the fact that they are alive truly make them miracle children . looking into those bright young faces , touching their pristine hands , the logic of our humanitarian mandate -- the mission to protect -- never felt stronger to me
kenyan president uhuru kenyatta announced three days of national mourning following last week 's deadly attack at a nearby university . only a few kilometers away , 147 people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred when al-shabaab militants invaded the campus in garissa , a town in northeastern kenya .
the u.s. consulate was the target of the attack , isis said . at least four people were killed and 18 injured , police said . the incident began with an explosion of a small improvised bomb in the area . security personnel fired at the car , which exploded but did not reach the consulate .
the vatican has walked the line between spiritual and worldly concerns for centuries . sometimes , as when st. john paul ii stood up to communist poland , the church 's moral and political clout have combined to pack a powerful punch . at other times , popes have to make a hard choice : adopt the sharp tongue of a prophet or the discretion of a diplomat ? this sunday in rome , pope francis faced just such a dilemma .
an espn reporter went on a regrettable rant . and we all taxed our brains trying to deduce the date of cheryl 's damn birthday . here are pop culture 's most talked-about stories of the week . producers of ` star wars : the force awakens ' unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer for the upcoming movie , arriving in december . when harrison ford shows up with chewbacca at the end , you can almost hear the internet 's collective squeals
the airport has previously been bombed . hostilities are likely to resume before the day is out : a brief , peaceful window has been delicately negotiated following a special request from the u.n. , but it wo n't last long . the main terminal at el rahaba airport is under the control of the houthi rebels .
the nfl suspended the 30-year-old football star in november over allegations that last may he disciplined his son , who was 4 at the time , too harshly with a `` switch , '' or thin stick . in a letter , nfl commissioner roger goodell told peterson that his continued participation in the league was contingent on a number of requirements , including that he maintain an ongoing program of counseling and treatment as recommended by medical advisers .
police say robert bates , 73 , thought he pulled out his taser during an arrest , but instead shot the suspect , who later died at a local hospital . the shooting happened after an apparent drug and gun selling operation by the tulsa violent crimes task force thursday . bates was part of a group of deputies trying to arrest eric courtney harris , 44 , in the parking lot of a dollar general store . after a brief pursuit , police say harris was forced to
crombie died wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage , producer kevin sullivan said . the plot focused on the adventures of fiery orphan anne shirley , played by megan follows , who is sent to live on a farm in prince edward island . crombie was cast in the role at 17 , beating out other aspiring canadian actors of the era , including jason priestly .
lawyer for robert bates , an oklahoma reserve deputy who fatally shot a man he meant to subdue with a taser , on saturday released documents . bates had one taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period , took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times , from 2009 to 2014 . his evaluations say he got along with other officers and related well with the public .
authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes , such as robbery . 606,000 cases of drug use during nationwide campaign to ` ban drugs in hundreds of cities ' . figures were nearly double the same period a year earlier , while the amount of narcotics seized was up by 44.9 % .
tomasz lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s and forced to live thousands of miles away in siberia . many were children in effect , moscow stole much of an entire generation of young poles , a handful of whom lazar has located seven decades later .
the cockpit is our safe place . the flight deck is a structured world of black and white . checklists . procedures standardization . stress from the job is an accepted part of our career , or anyone 's career for that matter , stress issues may manifest as depression is treatable . and for airline pilots , it is no longer debilitating to our livelihood .
men masturbating on buses and at bus stops , boys stalking young girls , both physically and online , men taking pictures of women without permission . this is n't all simply anecdotal . a study by we the people found that 80 % of women in mumbai had been street harassed , primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms .
the thursday massacre was the most deadly assault so far , with 147 dead , easily eclipsing the terrorist group 's most notorious attack . al-shabaab says its attacks are to protest the more than 3,500 kenyan soldiers participating in the african union peacekeeping mission in somalia .
jack white will wrap his tour efforts in support of ` lazeretto ' with a brief , first-ever acoustic tour that will hit ` the only five states left in the u.s. that he has yet to play ' . the shows will be unannounced until day-of-show , with tickets priced at $ 3 and limited to one ticket per person .
michelle maclaren was announced as director of the movie in november . cnn obtained a statement from warner bros. . pictures are both owned by time warner . the movie , starring gal gadot in the title role of the amazon princess , is still set for release on june 23 , 2017 .
` the big bang theory ' co-creator bill prady is co-wrote the script for a pilot presentation that sources say could be unspooled at may 's upfront presentation to madison avenue advertisers . the presentation is set to film next weekend on the disney lot in burbank with some of the original muppet performers returning .
a new york jury will deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing , pedro hernandez . etan patz 's parents have waited that long for justice , but some have questioned whether he committed the crime or not . his lawyer has said that he is mentally challenged , severely mentally ill .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , of columbus , allegedly traveled to syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans , particularly u.s. soldiers , execution style . he was remanded into custody on friday . he told someone he planned to join aden in death soon .
the 128 parks charge a fee -- like yellowstone and yosemite -- will be free those two days . it 's all part of national park week , happening april 18 through april 26 . findyourpark.com wants people to share their stories using the hashtag #findyourpark .
cnn recently published a powerful piece called ` poor kids of silicon valley ' that documents the affordable housing challenges facing families in the bay area . one aspect featured a house that is home to 16 people , including 11 children . another chronicles a husband and wife named rich and stacey , both of whom have jobs , who are living in a san jose homeless shelter with their two kids because they do n't have the money to go anywhere else .
marriott international founded by j.w. marriott , a dedicated mormon , and is now run by his son bill , also a mormon who fully accepts his church 's teachings about traditional marriage . but in june , marriott international launched a ' #love travels ' marketing campaign aimed at attracting lesbian couples .
sen. elizabeth warren said she is n't going to slack off on her calls for breaking up banks and other measures to rein in wall street . former maryland gov. martin o'malley is trying to steal clinton 's thunder by talking about the problems of disproportionate wealth .
a jury of rolling stone 's peers has dissected the magazine 's disastrous , discredited story about rape on the campus of the university of virginia . the story was pulled from the rolling stone website , it registered 2.7 million hits following its publication in november . an anonymous undergraduate , given the name ` jackie , ' told rolling stone writer sabrina rubin erdely she had been invited to a party thrown by phi kappa psi fraternity in 2012 -- only to end
jon cryer reprised the character 's record-store dance to otis redding 's 's ` try a little tenderness ' . in the original scene , cryer lip-syncing the song as he tries to win the affection of molly ringwald 's andie .
debra lobo , 55 , was shot in the right cheek and left arm and is unconscious . she had left the jinnah medical and dental college , where she works . two assailants on a passing motorcycle shot her while she was driving . lobo is being treated at the karachi 's aga khan hospital .
the fighting in yemen is dying down or that lives there are being saved . saudi officials claim to have killed more than 500 houthi rebels . the u.n. security council voted tuesday in favor of an arms embargo on houthis -- the minority group that has taken over large swaths .
shra , a somali refugee , left her home at 14 years old . throughout her journey in search of asylum , she managed to overcome dangers and discomforts . dumig met sahra through a photo workshop at refugio , a shelter in munich , germany , for refugees and torture victims .
steve esmond , his teenage sons and the teens ' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in st. john , where they were renting a villa at the sirenusa resort . the boys , 16 and 14 , were in critical condition at a philadelphia hospital on saturday , the family 's lawyer said . esmond is now in occupational therapy , and is now being treated at a hospital .
mario valencia , 36 , thought the shoplifted gun held as he walked through a busy office park was locked and unable to fire . the cable through the lever and trigger could n't be taken off , an officer was told by an employee of the walmart where valencia took the gun and ammunition . just 10 seconds after the worker told police that ... a shot . valencia had fired into the air , and less than a minute later a police car slammed into him in a move that
jarret stoll of the l.a. kings was arrested friday at the swimming pool of a las vegas resort on a drug-possession charge . stoll , 32 , was charged with possession of controlled substances , including cocaine and ecstasy . the canadian player is a center and has been with the kings since 2008 .
the shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago , made up of some 4,000 tents and counting . thousands of yazidis now call this corner of iraqi kurdistan home , about 18 miles -lrb- 30 kilometers -rrb- from one of the front lines with isis , where one can hear the occasional reverberation in the distance of what we are told are airstrikes .
maggie doyne left her new jersey hometown to travel the world before college . she helped rebuild a sea wall in fiji , then went to india . she met a young girl who wanted to find her family in nepal . a decade-long civil war had just ended in the country .
espn suspended reporter britt mchenry for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced thursday . she posted an apology on twitter , saying she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation at a virginia business . the video inspired the twitter hashtag #firebride .
dr. sanjay gupta was investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years . his research has resulted in three cnn documentaries , culminating with `` weed 3 : the marijuana revolution , '' airing at 9 p.m. et/pt sunday . readers were curious about the effects of medical marijuana in easing symptoms of various ailments , asking how it could help with everything from life-threatening illnesses and neurological conditions .
tom brady walked the runway for the last time wednesday , and the new england patriots quarterback was n't just there to support her in person . ` congratulations love of my life , ' brady wrote . he followed the text with two hashtags , #goat and #thebestisyettocome .
davion navar henry only dressed up in a suit and borrowed a bible from the boys home where he lived . then he headed to a st. petersburg , florida , church to make a plea for his own adoption . now 16 years old , he had lived his entire life in foster care , bouncing from one home to another .
thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in durban . heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes after local residents accused immigrants from other african nations of taking their jobs . president jacob zuma has canceled a trip to indonesia and visited displaced foreign nationals in chatsworth to express his support .
the group of friends , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested sunday . they were allegedly plotting to sneak into syria and join isis . the fbi investigation has previously netted abdullahi yusuf , 19 , and adnan farah , 19 ; and guled ali omar , 20 .
jason warnock was driving through a canyon in lewiston , idaho , on wednesday when he saw the tree , then looked up to see an suv dangling over the edge of a cliff . the only thing holding the gmc yukon and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence .
joy womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the kremlin ballet theatre , kicking her legs up to her head , jumping and spinning across the room . the dancer , raised in california and texas , left her parents and eight brothers behind when she arrived in russia six years ago .
the greater adjutant stork is located in the city of guwahati , about 300 miles from bangladesh near the bhutanese border . it 's 94 acres of mostly fresh waste , surrounded by swamplands . for the past seven years , bouldry has traveled the world photographing landfills .
the nigerian city is among african metropolises which have seen some of the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent . these centers of affluence are spread from johannesburg in the south , through lagos in the west and nairobi in the east , to cairo in the north . this emerging class of africa 's new millionaires has been pushing the demand for luxury products across the continent , with sales of high-end products growing by a
a lawsuit filed this week alleges johns hopkins university and the rockefeller foundation helped conduct a similar study in guatemala from 1945 to 1956 . orphans , inmates , psychiatric patients and prostitutes were deliberately infected with sexually transmitted diseases . the subjects of the experiments were n't told they 'd been infected , the lawsuit says , causing some to die and others to pass the disease to their spouses , sexual partners and children .
j.j. abrams and the ` star wars : episode vii -- the force awakens ' cast showed off for the audience and then capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film . the audience gasped , cheered and applauded . the cast was appreciative of the welcome . carrie fisher was also there , though without her trademark princess leia hair buns .
kim richards was taken into custody by police at the beverly hills hotel on accusations of trespassing , resisting arrest and public intoxication . security personnel complained that she was bothering hotel guests about 1:30 a.m. ` real housewives of atlanta ' cast member 's mother dies .
deputies were trying to arrest reserve deputy robert bates shot him . unlike bates , they are not charged with a crime , but have come under criticism for pinning harris ' head to the ground as he said , `` i 'm losing my breath '' . sheriff stanley glanz did n't specify the nature of the threats , but said he was ` very concerned ' for their safety and that of their families .
 chancey allen luna was found guilty of first-degree murder friday for his role in the august 2013 drive-by shooting of christopher lane . lane , an australian attending east central university , was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by luna . a jury recommended friday that luna spend life in prison without the possibility of parole , according to court records .
japan 's nuclear watchdog had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the kansai electric power company 's takahama nuclear plant . locals successfully petitioned the court in fukui prefecture , where the plant is located , raising concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake . since then , the island nation has imported greater amounts of expensive natural gas and coal to meet its energy needs .
isis has been using abu ghraib and other cases of western abuse to legitimize its current actions in iraq as latest episodes in over a decade of constant ` sunni resistance ' to ` american aggression ' . the u.s. poured money into iraq after the 2003 invasion , but it did not make this support contingent upon a fair distribution of power and resources by the iraqi government .
president barack obama joined u.s. surgeon general dr. vivek murthy and epa administrator gina mccarthy for a roundtable discussion on the topic as part of national public health week . murthy revealed to the group that asthma is a personal issue for him , as a favorite favorite for him .
mike rowe is the founder of living lands & waters , who does just that . he wants to clean up the nation 's rivers one piece of detritus at a time . since he founded the nonprofit in 1998 at the ripe age of 23 , pregracke and more than 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from u.s. waterways .
a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris in tulsa , oklahoma . bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead . in a well-publicized 2009 case , a bay area rapid transit police officer fired his gun instead of his taser . mehserle was sentenced to two years in prison for involuntary manslaughter but was released early due to good conduct .
gov. mary fallin signed a bill on friday that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas if lethal injection is ruled unconstitutional or becomes unavailable . nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen , fallin 's office said in a press release . the bill i signed today gives the state of oklahoma another death penalty option that meets that standard .
florida 's gun censorship law was dragged into court soon after the governor signed it . doctors can still ask about guns while the full 11th circuit court of appeals decides whether it will take up the case . lawmakers in those states are too often donning the white coats to orchestrate medical practice .
the isis terrorist group claimed responsibility for the attack . the explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others . it was made by an offshoot called isis wilayat khorasan . he detonated his charge at the peak of rush hour on the first day of the week .
the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities . officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of martinique on wednesday . in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms -lrb- 550 pounds -rrb- of cocaine on a vessel that was also off .
robert kennedy jr. was in sacramento , california , to campaign against senate bill 227 , which makes it harder for parents to opt out of vaccinations . in his remarks at an anti-vaccination movie screening , he decided to compare `` vaccine-induced '' autism to the holocaust . he said , ` this is a holocaust , what this is doing to our country ' .
iraqi security forces regained full control of the baiji refinery . a week ago , isis claimed it controlled part of the facility , posting images online that purported to back up the claim . over the past nine days , the coalition conducted 47 airstrikes in the area . meanwhile , peshmerga forces -- also with the assistance of coalition strikes -- cleared 84 square kilometers of isis-occupied territory in iraq on saturday .
josh and vanessa ellis were youth pastors at the eastpointe foursquare church in puyallup , near bonney lake , seattle . concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family 's car . the damage was so severe it was impossible to tell how many victims were in the vehicle .
tepco deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down . the robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected . the shape-shifting robots were sent in to assess the damage in one of the reactors that suffered a meltdown after a devastating earthquake and tsunami in march 2011 .
the american pharmacists association is discouraging its members from participating in executions . on monday , the group voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy . this was prompted by clayton lockett 's execution by lethal injection nearly one year ago in which he writhed on a gurney for 43 minutes before he died from a heart attack .
carlotta asami made the comments to cnn early tuesday after she and two of her colleagues had spoken to multiple survivors from the disaster who arrived in catania , italy . the account she offered differs from that provided by italian authorities on sunday . migrants on the smaller boat moved to one side , hoping to be saved , and caused the vessel to capsize .
a clip of the video , which features a gay couple holding hands , got the 18 + rating from the independent tv rain channel in russia on monday . the channel told cnn that it did n't want to break the controversial law , which bans `` propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors '' and bars public discussion of gay rights .
a car bomb exploded at a restaurant near the presidential palace in the heart of somalia 's capital tuesday , killing at least 10 people , including a woman and a boy . somalia-based islamist militant group al-shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack . group spokesman sheikh abdiaziz musab said the blast targeted and killed several somali intelligence agents .
daisy bentley has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for odd bits of paper that flutter to the ground when their owners are n't looking . her quest has uncovered a fascinating , if idiosyncratic , collection of shopping lists , reminders , requests , love notes and motivational musings .
the operation 's year-long existence , the italian navy and coastguard had rescued an estimated 100,000 people . but it proved expensive and politically contentious , and europe was not prepared to help italy shoulder the burden of the crisis . without european support , italian government cut back the naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants .
the immediate aftermath of the oil spill has been well documented , with declines in tourism and the seafood industry . since then , the amount of oil in the area has dissipated and communities have started to show signs of recovery . in fact , reports indicate the gulf of mexico 's seafood industry , which supplies the united states with roughly 40 % of its seafood , is finally starting to rebound .
the mu du bong was detained after it ran aground off the coast of mexico in july . the company that owns the ship , north korea 's ocean maritime management company , has skirted united nations sanctions . the mexican government is acting on the basis of its international obligations as a responsible u.n. member state .
dzhokhar tsarnaev 's lawyers admitted from the beginning that their client participated in the horrific terrorist attack , which both scarred and strengthened this city . the outcome of this first phase may have been preordained , but nearly two years after the bombing , the trial has held boston and the region in thrall .
heather mack , 19 , who gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago , was found guilty with her 21-year-old boyfriend , tommy schaefer . von wiese-mack was found in a large silver suitcase that the couple had loaded in a waiting taxi outside the resort . they told the driver they 'd be back soon , but after a lengthy wait he alerted hotel staff who examined the bag , noticed blood and called police .
flight 162 landed at hiroshima airport on tuesday evening . twenty-three people had minor injuries after flight 162 landed . there were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard when the flight took off from south korea 's incheon international airport at 6:34 p.m. local time .
britney and christina , and now rapper drake has been on the receiving end of a little lip action from madge . while the blondes had fun with it , drake appeared less than enthused after madonna 's prolonged smooch onstage at the coachella music festival in california on sunday .
brazilian supermodel gisele bundchen sashayed down the catwalk at sao paulo fashion week on wednesday night . the 34-year-old , who is married to new england patriots quarterback tom brady , has said she wants to spend more time with her family .
a fly-by of pluto , 4 billion miles away in oklahoma city , 20 years later . the struggle to save the last male northern white rhino in the world . on april 19 , 1995 , the alfred r. murrah federal building was bombed by two disaffected young americans . one hundred sixty-eight people died in the terrorist attack , including 19 children .
the nepal climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell , unleashing an avalanche that killed 16 nepalis who had just finished their morning prayers . the april 18 accident was the single deadliest incident to ever occur on mount everest . in order to reduce risks , the route through khumbu icefall , the notoriously treacherous path where the 16 were killed .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , has been found guilty on every count , the jury must decide whether he should live or die for what he has done . four young people are gone , and grief fills the spaces they once occupied . a father with a shock of white hair cried for the daughter he called ` princess ' .
pope francis has accepted the resignation of bishop robert finn , who remained on the job for years after becoming the highest-ranking u.s. catholic official convicted in connection with the church 's long-running sex abuse scandal . finn was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse .
youtuber bobby burns got to work on doing his own version using classic superhero footage . instead of ben affleck and henry cavill facing off , this version wonders what it would be like if comics ' classic characters adam west and christopher reeve took their places . pictures , the studio behind `` batman v. superman , '' is owned by time warner , as is cnn .
`` the americans , '' 10 p.m. et wednesday , fx . critics praise the show as one of the best series on tv , and every finale has delivered in a big way . season 3 has seen a battle for the soul of daughter paige , the return of fan favorite margo martindale and soviet agent nina getting back in the game .
a new trailer shows sue and johnny storm 's father initiates the project that ends up giving the foursome their powers . the movie , due out august 7 , promises a very different take on the classic marvel comics characters , played this go-round by miles teller , kate mara , michael b. jordan and jamie bell .
the academy of country music awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on sunday night at the dallas cowboys stadium , it was bound to be bigger than any previous year 's acms . plus , as hosts blake shelton and luke bryan were quick to point out , everything is bigger in texas .
the 2015 rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony in cleveland on saturday night . there was as much recognition for rock 's antecedents in soul and blues , speaking less to a particular taxonomy than a spirit that 's beyond words . ringo starr , and yoko ono is on hand as well .
joss whedon is now facing a lawsuit accusing him of stealing the idea for the 2012 meta-horror movie the cabin in the woods . whedon produced and co-wrote the script for cabin with director drew goddard , a writer on whedon 's `` buffy the vampire slayer '' and a fanboy favorite in his own right .
new line cinema is planning a mariah carey christmas movie . producer jonathan shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project with carey 's good friend director brett ratner co-producing . ` it 's a little bit about how music can take you back in time , ' shestack said .
olivia wilde and garrett hedlund will reprise their characters from 2010 's `` tron : legacy '' in the sequel , which is being directed by joseph kosinski . the computer-programmer character played by bridges had a son -lrb- hedlund -rrb- who jumped into the grid to find his father .
the arrest and death of freddie gray in baltimore has stoked protests and accusations of police brutality . but it 's unclear how gray , arrested on a weapons charge april 12 , suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later . police never saw the knife and chased gray only after he ran from them .
the vatican says pope francis may add another leg to his trip to the united states this september , visiting cuba just months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two nations . the possibility , which would add a dimension of international intrigue to an already highly anticipated trip , was first reported thursday by the wall street journal .
the deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan 's eye . he photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city 's skyline and shared them on cnn ireport . the fires were started in southeastern siberia , by farmers burning grass in their fields . however , the lingering smoke from the widespread fires were picked up by atmospheric winds .
amy 's kitchen recalls more than 70,000 cases of food due to fear of listeria contamination . the first step , according to swartzberg , is to go to the food and drug administration 's website and find the official report for the recalled product you 're worried about . each report will list recalled items with their product codes .
arizona gov. doug ducey signed legislation to allow arizonans to get any lab test without a doctor 's order . freedom of information sounds like a good thing . but there are many lab tests to order on yourself : medicare 's clinical diagnostic laboratory fee schedule lists over a thousand .
wang pingan neared the end of a two-wheel trek that covered thousands of miles through every major province in the vast country . within 10 minutes the thieves struck . but here 's where the story takes an unexpected turn . despite police initially saying odds were stacked against the bike ever being recovered .
indonesian government summoned saudi ambassador to foreign ministry . medi tarsim was sentenced to death in march 2013 for killing her employer 's four-year-old child . she was the second indonesian domestic worker executed by the saudis this week , following the death of siti zaenab bt .
australian prime minister tony abbott caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds amid raucous cheers from onlookers . his feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others . some social media users belittled abbott 's beer swilling .
conrad clitheroes , 54 , and gary cooper , 45 , were on a five-day visit to the uae from manchester when they were arrested . the three have been in jail since february 22 . no charges were filed , and the men will not face deportation .
maj. nlate eballe , an operations officer with a special military unit set up to fight boko haram . the attackers came thursday ` in the hundreds ... torched dia village in the far north region , ' he said . the last attack in cameroon by the nigeria-based militants was march 10 .
the commando asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals . of the fatalities , 142 were students at the university , and the rest were security forces and campus security . at 8:00 a.m. , the response team was told to assemble for a mission to garissa , where al-shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on april 2 .
the apple tablet had all the personal touches . it also came with a keyboard and a certificate signed by the pope 's personal secretary . proceeds will go to a school in montevideo , uruguay . the motorcycle sold for $ 284,000 at auction , more than 10 times its normal sales price .
nigel farage is the leader of the uk independence party -lrb- ukip -rrb- . he complains that britain 's membership of the european union means it is powerless to stop a flow of foreign immigrants . in a video posted on youtube , prince jan zylinski said he was fed up with discrimination against poles living in uk .
there are nearly 5,000 ` gems ' scattered across the country , ranging from museums to archaeological areas and monuments . italy boasts the highest number of unesco world heritage sites in the world . there are another 42,000 that are at the mercy of mudslides , floods and natural calamities .
carlsberg city has been home to the famous carlsberg brewery since 1847 . the brewery has moved on and the future is moving in . amidst the district 's historic treasure trove of protected architectural buildings will be 600,000 square meters -lrb- 6.4 million sq ft -rrb- of residential , business , sporting , cultural , and educational space . prices range from just below copenhagen 's average $ 5,000 per square meter to about $ 12,000 --
miami-dade fire rescue battalion chief al cruz grew to be more than 10 times that within the next 24 hours . by monday night , the fire had burned nearly 2,000 acres and was 50 % contained . several fire units and a helicopter with the capacity to drop 400 gallons of water at a time were battling the blaze .
a small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of le borgne , west of cap-haitien , on wednesday night . it began to sail toward the island of providenciales in the turks and caicos when it was caught in bad weather , civil protection spokesman joseph edgar celestin said .
photographer andres figueroa photographed a series of religious festivals that take place every july in the atacama desert . he worked hard on cataloging and differentiating the ceremonies and their complex rituals -- at times playing the role of an artist , others as an anthropologist . the lack of humidity provides optimal conditions to watch the sky and study the origins of the universe .
the book 's first printing was increased from 500,000 to 1 million copies , barbara marcus , president and publisher of random house children 's books . the publisher also released to cnn a never-before-seen image from the new volume by dr. seuss , aka theodor geisel .
in the midst of that weeklong tragedy , the manhunt , the lockdown and eventual capture or killing of the tsarnaev brothers , we thought we knew what was going on . and that is a blessing . in the midst , our own bilateral awareness , the fog of war . sometimes it takes years to determine what in fact occurred and to write a narrative that reflects a multitude of voices and opinions .
former maryland gov. martin o'malley is intensifying his criticism of overwhelming democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton . cnn 's jeff zeleny has been releasing a youtube video showing a speech where he has done something different , so watch for that to continue .
the sentencing phase begins tuesday , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race . it is expected to last four weeks . the 13th juror : now it gets real . in a front-page opinion piece in the boston globe , bill and denise richard wrote about the toll taken on their family after the death of their 8-year-old son , martin .
the 60-year-old australian was arrested in november last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis while executing a search warrant at his home in new zealand . rudd fired several employees because the release of his solo album had flopped in the charts . a month later , he called an associate and said he wanted his personal assistant ` taken out ' .
iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior while we twist ourselves into knots over our tough choices . iran is n't 10 feet tall in this region , but by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce iran 's power .
a ban in 1988 prohibits the use of federal funds for these programs . but an overwhelming body of scientific evidence continues to show that this is simply not true . a welcome step -- an estimated 50,000 americans are newly infected with hiv every year , and some 8 % are among injection drug users .
after graduating from college she was working in washington and thinking about going to law school . her life was full of promise , but all that ended suddenly when she was just 24 years old . in phoenix , karen langhart was looking forward to her daughter coming home for thanksgiving when she received a call from erika 's cell phone .
scientists found the species on the caribbean slopes of costa rica . this is big news in the scientific community . the last time a new glassfrog was found in 1973 , according to the center 's facebook page . it 's called a glassfrog because of its translucent belly . you can see its internal organs from underneath .
 rabbis mendel epstein , 69 ; jay goldstein , 60 ; and binyamin stimler , 39 , were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in new jersey federal court . the men were arrested in october 2013 following an fbi sting operation that ended with goldstein .
the jury in the high-profile trial resumed deliberations wednesday after deliberating about an hour-and-a-half on tuesday . the way defense lawyer james sultan laid it out for the massachusetts jury in closing arguments earlier tuesday , why would a young man with a $ 40 million contract kill semi-pro player odin lloyd less than a mile from his own home ? why would hernandez leave a marijuana blunt he shared with the victim at the murder scene ?
best died in hospice in hickory , north carolina , of complications from pneumonia , said steve latshaw , a longtime friend and hollywood colleague . best did n't become famous until 1979 , when `` the dukes of hazzard 's '' cornpone charms began beaming into millions of american homes almost every friday night .
the plane went down overnight monday about 2 miles east of the central illinois regional airport in bloomington , mclean county sheriff 's office sgt. bill tate said . it was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft , which the national transportation safety board tweeted was a cessna 414 .
the bronze figure of comedian and area native lucille ball has elicited comparisons to a ` walking dead ' zombie and inspired the facebook campaign ` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue ' . the sculpture , a gift to the town from its original owners , has been on display since 2009 .
al-shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in garissa , kenya , on thursday . it was the bloodiest blow islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the u.s. embassy in nairobi . but it was also yet another pave stone in the long path of violence .
al qaeda fighters attacked a prison in the coastal yemeni city of al mukallah early thursday , freeing at least 270 prisoners . dozens of attackers took control of government buildings , including the city 's central prison , central bank and radio station . last month hundreds of inmates escaped from al mansoorah central prison in aden after clashes between shiite houthi rebels and forces loyal to ousted sunni president abdu rabu mansour hadi .
the petition was started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of izmir , so far has almost 5,500 signatures . it adds that ` uneducated padawan ' -- the novice jedis in george lucas ' film franchise -- are moving to the dark side . the page on change.org also features a still of jedi grand master yoda from `` star wars : episode ii -- attack of the clones '' .
frances bean cobain worked as an intern in the new york offices of rolling stone . she recalls providing research assistance on a cover about the jonas brothers -- and working in a cubicle across from a wall with a giant painting of kurt . the new film , written , directed and produced by brett morgen .
the conflict is exacting a heavy toll on children and families , unicef said in a statement . aid agencies have been saying supplies were desperately needed , but getting them into the country in the midst of regional turmoil was difficult . the u.n. high commissioner for refugees said that 900 refugees from yemen have arrived in the horn of africa .
the cf-18 hornets bombed near isis ' de facto capital of raqqa , canada 's department of national defence said wednesday . canadian forces are part of the u.s.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group 's bloody advances in iraq and syria .
officer michael slager , 33 , has been fired . his wife is eight months ' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance until the baby is born . slager initially told investigators that he used a taser in a confrontation saturday with walter scott , who was pulled over for a busted taillight .
a quarter of a million australian homes and businesses have no power after a ` once in a decade ' storm battered sydney and nearby areas . about 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as ` the roads are cut off and we wo n't be able to reach them for a few days ' . the powerful storm has already claimed four lives , according to new south wales police . the dangerous conditions have prompted the police department to issue pleas on social media for people to not
graham mccready , an accountant described in the new zealand press as a ` serial litigant , ' who has previously launched private prosecutions against key . he was seeking considerable compensation for the waitress , 26-year-old amanda bailey , and ` if she does not want it i ask for the money be given to women 's refuge ' .
sammy griner , 8 , needs a little bit of that mojo to rub off on his family . about a week ago , his wife and sammy 's mother created a gofundme campaign with a goal of $ 75,000 to help cover the medical expenses that go along with a kidney transplant .
the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week , prime minister tony abbott said saturday . the suspects were targeting a ceremony on anzac day -lrb- australia and new zealand army corps day -rrb- , which is april 25 and this year is the centennial of the gallipoli campaign in world war i .
hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges . he 's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of odin lloyd . during closing arguments , prosecutor william mccauley called the football player the trigger man . the motive is still unclear but not legally required to get a conviction .
britt mchenry spoke to to the towing company employee that made her bring it up . one of the main things i preach to my daughters , ages 7 and 9 , is the importance of respecting other people , no matter who you are and what you go on to accomplish . she has since apologized on twitter .
alfred taubman , a real estate developer who helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls , died friday at the age of 91 . the announcement was made by his son , robert taub man , the chairman , president and chief executive officer of taubmen centers inc. , the company his father founded 65 years ago .
a university of washington climate scientist and his associates have been studying the blob for months . the blob is a huge area of unusually warm water in the pacific . it was warmer than we had ever seen it for that time of year . it 's not the only one , there are two others that emerged in 2014 .
the tiny settlement of tristan da cunha is seeking the help of architects and designers the world over to secure its future well into the 21st century . the uk overseas territory is holding an international competition to improve aging infrastructure and make the island self-sustainable as it approaches the 200th anniversary of its settlement .
enoch gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight in cottonwood , arizona . police sergeant jeremy daniels was hit in the leg by a bullet fired . officers wanted to question them about the alleged assault of a walmart employee who was going into the store bathroom .
the issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional , both for armenians , who are descended from those killed , and for turks , the heirs to the ottomans . for both groups , the question touches as much on national identity as on historical facts . some turkish leaders fear acknowledgment of a genocide could lead to demands for huge reparations .
larry upright , a staunch republican , died monday at a north carolina hospital . he was 81 . upright 's passions included much more than just politics . his greatest joy was his family , and he was a former shriner of the year at the cabarrus shrine club , according to his obituary .
the former secretary of state confirmed on sunday what the political world has expected for months -- eight years after her first failed white house bid , clinton will once again seek the democratic party 's nomination for president . ` and i hope you 'll join me on this journey , ' clinton said in a video released sunday afternoon officially kicking off her campaign .
lewis hamilton beat nico rosberg by a slim four hundredths of a second margin . the two former friends have enjoyed , or rather endured , a heated rivalry since falling out last season . the german appeared upset as he left his car and refused to shake hamilton 's hand .
ly sivhong fell to the genocidal khmer rouge regime of the communist party of kampuchea . she was separated from her mother and two of her sisters , along with virtually the entire population of phnom penh . about 20,000 people died from execution , starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint , according to war crimes prosecutors .
more than 80 % of them headed for the libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation . from the horn of africa to the atlantic , these would-be migrants travel well-established smuggling routes . along the way they must cross deserts and mountains , risk kidnap or robbery , are often cheated or left stranded .
a 24-year-old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance , only to have french authorities come and discover weapons , ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches . the man was identified later as sid ahmed ghlam , french interior minister bernard cazeneuve said . ghlam asked for medical help at his home in paris ' 13th district sunday morning , claiming he had accidentally injured himself when he mishandled a weapon .
valerie braham was laid to rest in jerusalem 's givat shaul cemetery . her husband , philippe braham , was one of 17 people killed in january 's terror attacks in paris . he was in a kosher supermarket when a gunman stormed in , killing four people , all of them jewish .
mohammed abu khdeir 's name appeared this week on the wall at jerusalem 's mount herzl , the site of the national cemetery . the 16-year-old was beaten and burned alive by three israelis in july . his family objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall .
penelope cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to the popular 2001 film , ben stiller announced friday . stiller , who plays the title role of male model derek zoolander , dropped the news by sharing a photo of `` little penny '' cruz as a child . it is scheduled for release in february 2016 .
saudi arabia had launched airstrikes on houthi positions across yemen . they hope to wipe out iranian-allied rebel group that has overthrown the government and seized power . the campaign achieved its objectives by a very good planning , very precise execution , by the courage of our pilots .
the white house announced thursday that adam gadahn , 36 , was killed in january in a u.s. counterterrorism operation . neither he nor ahmed farouq -- another american and al qaeda operative who died in what the white house said was ` likely a separate ' operation -- was specifically targeted .
the 2013 attack , known as ` dark seoul , ' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters , disrupting network systems and wiping their hard disks clean . the north korean government announced it would end the armistice agreement that brought the three-year korean war to an end in july 1953 .
new jersey gov. chris christie called for substantial cuts to social security . he also promised to reverse the marijuana legalization laws that many states have been enacting in response to ballot initiatives . while christie sees social security cuts as a way to ` go big ' in crafting a platform for a possible presidential run .
the headstone of hillary clinton 's father , hugh rodham , was found tipped over this week , just a couple of days after she announced her run for the white house . police are investigating , but no other headstones were knocked over . funeral director neil regan also said vandalism is the most-likely cause , not the weather .
kevin cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his reddit page . it has already been viewed more than 1 million times . when his family first arrived at omaha 's henry doorly zoo gorilla exhibit , he noticed one of the gorillas had a cut below his eye that was bleeding a little bit .
steve woolfenden , a biomedical researcher for the novartis institutes , recalled using his belt as a tourniquet on his leg and trying to comfort leo . the defense , led by famed death penalty opponent judy clarke , is expected to try to soften that portrayal by calling witnesses to explain tsarnaev 's difficult upbringing .
the world 's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse . a hard economic analysis performed by the boston consulting group built on a foundation of the latest ocean science provided by the global change institute of the university of queensland . it is still important to try to understand its value if global leaders are ever going to sustain it for future generations .
the iranian-saudi conflict by proxy has reached yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic . for riyadh and its regional allies , the saudi military intervention in yemen -- is the moment the sunni arab nation finally woke up to repel the expansion of shia-iranian influence .
the migrants traversing the mediterranean today form part of a century-long chain of migrations , expulsions , and exiles sparked by italy 's imperial ambition and commercial interests . long after the formal end of italian colonialism , these eritreans , somalis , and libyans have inherited the histories of influence and exploitation that shaped their home countries .
the 2014 quadrennial defense review noted that we will rebalance our counterterrorism efforts toward greater emphasis on building partnership capacity . despite this apparent recognition , the united states is not where it needs to be and instead finds itself constantly responding to crises instead of heading them off because of the failure to prioritize long-term investment in special operations units in key partner nations .
 yogita kanhaiya 's husband , moreshwor , committed suicide early in the pregnancy . eight years back , yogita 's father-in-law , also a cotton farmer , took his own life . it 's a familiar story in families across western india 's cotton production belt , where , a cotton lobbyist group claims , one cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours .
flight 5622 was originally scheduled to fly from chicago to hartford . the plane descended 28,000 feet in three minutes . the faa later issued a statement that did not reference a pressurization problem . skywest also said there was no problem with the plane 's door , which some media initially reported .
the city known for excess of everything -- drinking , eating , dancing in the street until all hours -- went smoke-free as tuesday became wednesday at midnight . the new orleans city council passed its ban against smoking in most places across the city -- including bars , casinos and restaurants -- in january . bar owners worried about potential revenue loss , while puffing customers bemoaned the loss of their smoking spots .
the 10 inmates , from australia , france , ghana , had their petitions for clemency denied by president joko widodo in late 2014 . the indonesian supreme court rejected reviews filed by french national serge atlaoui and ghanaian martin anderson .
the trouble started monday when comedian ricky gervais tweeted the photo with a question . in the past three days , his tweet has been retweeted almost 30,000 times . a number of people insulted and threatened francis in response to the giraffe photo and others featuring her . on the website rebeccafrancis.com , there are photos of francis with other animals , including a lion , which other twitterers responded to .
scott kelley , 50 , was taken into custody at the atlanta airport wednesday after arriving on a flight from costa rica , deputy u.s. marshal jamie berry said . the search for the three spanned the united states , canada and central and south america .
the whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles -lrb- 22,500 kilometers -rrb- . she left her primary feeding ground off russia 's sakhalin island to cross the pacific ocean and down the west coast of the united states to baja , mexico . the previous record was set by a humpback whale that swam a mere 10,190-mile round trip between the ` warm breeding waters near the equator and the
aaron hernandez , 25 , is being processed at the maximum-security massachusetts correctional institution-cedar junction in walpole , just a handful of miles from gillette stadium , where he once played tight end for the new england patriots under a five-year $ 40 million contract .
adrianne haslet-davis and her husband , adam davis , were standing near the finish line on the day of the boston marathon bombing . her feet were sore from wearing 4.5-inch heels . she recalled the force of the blast that killed three people and injured over 200 that april day in 2013 .
the women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements and activities restricted , attorney liang xiaojun said . police can summon the women for questioning at any time , he added . the united states had urged china to free them , and the international community harshly criticized keeping the women in custody .
james hansen , former head of nasa 's goddard institute for space studies , said in 2013 that ` continued opposition to nuclear power threatens humanity 's ability to avoid dangerous climate change ' . yet wednesday , the white house will celebrate earth day and promote its work to fend off climate change .
in about five years , so many young americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers . that alarming forecast comes from maj , gen. allen batschelet , who is in charge of u.s. army recruiting command . of 195,000 young men and women who signed up to fight for our country , only 72,000 qualified .
 thin mints contains refined white flour , sugar , partially hydrogenated oil , and high fructose corn syrup . the first ingredient in those caramel delites is sugar , but they also contain corn syrup , for a total of 6 grams of sugar per cookie . the international agency for research on cancer declared the key ingredient , is also of concern : 90 % of the corn .
the #firebrittmchenry hashtag was trending on twitter , where she was called everything from classist , class-less , and ` ugly on the inside ' to a ` sad , self-hating coward ' . however , mchenry quickly issued an apology , blaming the incident on a moment of intense frustration but admitting her mistake and accepting responsibility .
walter scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $ 18,000 in unpaid child support , according to court records . that means that once he was stopped , he probably knew before the police officer that his own arrest was a foregone conclusion . but failure to pay child support is not a crime .
when george w. bush waged an unnecessary war in iraq , was his testosterone to blame ? as cheryl rios , ceo of go ape marketing , sees it : ` we 're built differently , we have different hormones . in the world that we live in , i understand that there 's equal rights and that 's a wonderful thing and i support all of that . ' .
in his interview with tom friedman from the new york times on april 4 , obama explained u.s. foreign policy moves on iran and cuba , which friedman described as the ` obama doctrine ' . by capabilities , the president must mean the tools , whether diplomatic , economic or military , to protect and defend us interests .
robert bates , 73 , shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police . bates was a reserve deputy sheriff , which allowed him to work full time jobs in the community and volunteer ... time in a myriad of events such as the special olympics and tulsa state fair .
there are 38 people besides clinton in the two-minute ad . twenty of them are women . there are three separate mentions of motherhood . this is all fine and good -lrb- and predictable -rrb- if you acknowledge that the proportion of women who vote in every presidential election since 1980 .
rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his two signature issues : immigration reform and cuba relations . rubio was a member of the senate ` gang of 8 ' that crafted a bipartisan proposal for comprehensive reform , including a path to citizenship for the nation 's estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants .
` this morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred , ' madylin sweeten said in a statement passed on by her manager dino may . ` we are devastated to report that our beloved brother , son , and friend , sawyer sweeten took his own life . he was weeks away from his 20th birthday .
the nfl draft begins on april 30 , and while the tampa bay buccaneers are on the clock with the no. 1 overall pick , the clock is still ticking for another team . in january , the nfl launched an investigation into the patriots to determine why 11 of the 12 game balls provided for the afc championship game were underinflated . the league hired attorney ted wells , who also investigated the miami dolphins bullying scandal -- to run the investigation .
london metropolitan police flying squad said thieves appeared to have gained access to the vault of hatton garden safe deposit ltd through the shaft of an elevator . the thieves disabled the elevator on the second floor of the building , which would be the same as the third floor in the united states , then climbed down the elevator shaft into the basement .
southern monitoring alarm company called the metropolitan police service , also known as scotland yard , at 12:21 a.m. april 3 to report that the burglar alarm had been activated at hatton garden safe deposit ltd. , mps said in a prepared statement . the call was recorded and transferred to the police 's cad -lrb- computer-aided dispatch -rrb- system , the statement said .
the 42-year-old actress and star of the hit tv sitcom ` modern family ' split from businessman nick loeb in may 2014 . loeb is suing the colombian-born actress in los angeles to prevent vergara from destroying their two embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization in november 2013 .
the federal government estimated 4.2 million barrels of oil spilled into the gulf , but bp argued in court that it was much lower . a judge ruled bp was responsible for the release of 3.1 million barrels . scientists continue to study environmental impacts , but five years after the spill , the long-term negative effects remain unclear .
thursday 's attack by al-shabaab militants killed 147 people , including 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel . during search and recovery efforts on friday , cnn witnessed one male who was not a student hiding under a bed . that male was taken into custody and was being treated as a suspect .
some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with al qaeda leader osama bin laden before his death in pakistan in 2011 , wiretaps showed . some evidence indicated the vatican was among the targets considered . talk of this took place march 2010 , around the time a possible suicide bomber from afghanistan entered italy .
the dress , a gray two-piece ensemble , was sold at an auction in beverly hills , california , on saturday . it was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of ` gone with the wind ' memorabilia on sale in the auction . they come from the huge collection amassed by james tumblin , who used to work at universal studios .
students from the ahmadu bello university are applying the final touches to the ` abucar 2 ' . their compact creation , which was built over five months , will travel to the netherlands in may to compete in the european leg of this year 's shell eco-marathon .
ashish thakkar started small with a little computer shop that kept him busy after leaving school at 15 . these days , his mara group spans over 20 countries and he 's been called ` africa 's youngest billionaire ' . the powerful duo raised $ 325 million through a share flotation - well above the $ 250 million target .
joao vaccari neto faces charges of corruption and money laundering . former executives who have turned state 's evidence claim that construction companies paid large sums under the table to petrobras officials and politicians . vaccari has denied any wrongdoing and recently told a congressional commission that all donations to his party were legal and were reviewed by electoral authorities .
hillary clinton 's online declaration for president means the focus will now shift to the campaign and to what kind of president she might be . and nowhere will the speculation be greater than in the area of foreign policy , certain to be a major issue in the upcoming campaign . clinton will have to negotiate and traverse several tricky and rocky paths to ensure that her state department career remains an advantage .
obama 's iran diplomacy already has his conservative critics fired up , and things could get even more interesting in the week ahead . the president is headed to panama for a regional summit , and julie pace of the associated press reports one of the big questions is whether he 'll make history and have a face-to-face meeting with cuban leader raul castro .
authorities issued a red alert for the towns of puerto montt and puerto varas in southern chile . a 12-mile exclusion zone was established around the crater . military and police forces were assisting with the evacuations of more than 4,400 residents . the eruption is a first for many in the region .
bryan do , a korean-american director at the south korean branch of a u.s. company , says drinking etiquette is the first thing you teach foreign guests . drinking is such a big part of korean life that seoul traffic is said to correspond with the city 's drinking culture .
indiana gov. mike pence issued an executive order in march for scott county , which then had 79 confirmed cases of hiv since mid-december . the emergency order was first issued last month and set to expire friday , but now will be in place until may 24 .
the u.s. leads the world in incarceration , not education . our country has shown time and again a nearly unlimited capacity to reinvent itself and move closer to the ideals on which our society was founded . yet we have emerged as the global leader in a race that no nation would want to even be a contender in .
cnn announced jake tapper 's promotion on friday morning . he will remain the channel 's chief washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast `` the lead '' . among his peers , tapper is seen as an authority on politics , something a program like ` state of the union ' demands .
the airstrikes targeted rebel houthi militant positions in three parts of sanaa . the strikes caused no casualties , but did destroy all three military compounds that were targeted . on tuesday , saudi arabia announced the end of its operation decisive storm . but less than 24 hours later , rebels attacked a yemeni military brigade .
flight 448 can you please tell somebody -lrb- to -rrb- stop it . the frantic 911 call came just as the alaska airlines flight had taken off from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon . the cell phone call soon broke up , but the man was making himself known in other ways as the crew and passengers reported unusual banging from the belly of the boeing 737 .
the women in three cities -- beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou -- a few days ahead of events planned for international women 's day on march 8 . amnesty international said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum prison term of five years . protesters in several cities have called for their release and taken to social media with the phrase ` free the five ' as a hashtag .
hillary clinton 's video , new logo and road trip , opened a long communications campaign not only to ` rebrand ' herself but to completely reframe who she is . many in the press and on late-night television scratched their heads this week , others were scathing . since the media will likely be the stand-in primary opponent for hillary , their belief in her authenticity is a critical factor in whether she can reframe herself in voter 's eyes .
this year is the time and the united nations ' international climate negotiations in paris in december are the place to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions . a successful climate pact will send a signal around the world that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway . the united states has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change .
ahmed farouq was deputy emir of al qaeda in the indian subcontinent , or aqis , a branch of the islamist extremist group that formed in recent years . the branch made its presence known in september 2014 , when militants infiltrated pakistan 's navy and tried to hijack one of its ships .
kagoshima district court found no ` irrationalities ' in new safety standards set out by the government in the wake of the 2011 fukushima meltdowns . the original court ruling , which affects the takahama plant in fukui prefecture , cited safety concerns as the reason for the injunction .
sissa abu dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative muslim state . the breadwinner worked as a brick maker for just 25 piasters , the equivalent of a few cents , until she saved up enough money to buy a shoeshine kit .
director david ayer gave us the first full look at jared leto as the joker . the clown prince of crime will appear in 2016 's ` suicide squad ' . the oscar winner cut his hair and shaved his face for the role . the movie hits theaters august 5 , 2016 .
the massachusetts senator is the same potentate to whom hillary clinton has been religiously prostrating . what everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections and the future of democratic politics . warren has publicly criticized so-called ` fast track ' trade authority that would allow the white house to negotiate massive , multination trade deals with little congressional oversight .
dzhokhar tsarnaev 's final shot of tsarnaev locked up , giving the security camera the finger the finger . from his blood-scrawled justification in the boat after the bombing to this day , the message has been sent to the u.s. and there 's the selection of the site , the boston marathon , an ` iconic ' event .
frank miller is returning to his best-known story . dc comics announced friday the final chapter in his `` the dark knight returns '' trilogy . this third chapter in the grim saga will be released sometime in the fall . miller will be joined by acclaimed artist brian azzarello .
caitlyn baggett , morgan bass , emily clark , abbie deloach and catherine -lrb- mckay -rrb- pittman - all juniors -- were killed in the wednesday morning crash as they were traveling to a hospital in savannah . fellow nursing students brittney mcdaniel and megan richards were injured as was another person , who was not identified by the georgia state patrol . clinicals include hands-
the nebraska native beat four other teams on sunday , including pairs of football players and pro wrestlers and two married competitive eaters . she also broke her own big texan record of two 72-ounce steaks and sides , set last year , when she bested previous record-holder joey `` jaws '' chestnut .
lesa strachan , the jury foreperson , announced the first-degree murder conviction in the 2013 shooting death of hernandez 's onetime friend odin lloyd . she said she was struck by the viciousness of multiple gunshots . before the trial , at least one juror -- rosalie oliver -- had n't heard of the 25-year-old defendant who has now gone from a $ 40 million pro-football contract to a term of life without parole in
a senior u.s. official familiar with the handling of the issue told cnn that the government made no serious effort to negotiate for the 73-year-old development expert 's release , either directly to al qaeda or through proxies in pakistan . the pakistani government put out feelers to members of the militant haqqani network .
a third of americans use some form of alternative medicine , including homeopathic remedies because they find western medicine inadequate . creams such as arnicare for pain relief or liquids such as sidda flower essences for male virility are part of a $ 2.9 billion business . these drugs do not go through the same level of scrutiny as over-the-counter and prescription drugs .
nearly 2 1/2 million americans are in prison . most disturbingly , nearly 40 % of our country 's prisoners are african-americans , who only make up 13 % of the general population . the federal criminal code includes over 4,500 laws and counting , not to mention government regulations for which there are criminal penalties .
a former congressman from south carolina and father of five children served on the selection committee for the john f. kennedy profile in courage award . the other will receive this award in recognition of the stand he took when he broke with his party and sacrificed his political career to support responsible action to combat climate change .
larry johnson was flying with his brother , his girlfriend and his 8-month-old son when he says a flight attendant came over the speaker asking for someone who was medically trained to help with a sick passenger . minutes later , johnson said , the attendant announced there was a pressurization problem and told passengers to prepare for the emergency landing .
al qaeda took warren weinstein hostage in 2011 , his family paid money to his captors . it did not lead to the american aid worker 's release , and he was inadvertently killed in an anti-terror strike in january . after the transfer of funds in 2012 , the captors began demanding prisoners be released in exchange for weinstein .
the cases have all occurred in nigeria 's ondo state since april 13 . the disease does not appear to be contagious , he said . symptoms include headaches , blurred vision , loss of sight and unconsciousness . doctors plan to carry out toxicological tests on one of the victims who died in a hospital .
the planet has been mapped , circumnavigated , measured and tagged in every way imaginable . there are adventurers exploring forgotten corners of the globe , and some find astonishing things . explorer , part indiana jones , part magellan , is slovenian archaeologist ivan prajc .
north korean representatives have confirmed that kim will be in the russian capital for may 9 victory day celebrations . this would mark kim 's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of north korea in late 2011 . last month , a russian official speaking on condition of anonymity told cnn that the invitation was accepted .
a photograph of this man , beamed around the world , becomes a universal symbol of the struggle against tyranny and the sweet triumph of liberty . it 's easy to lead a horse to water when , in the centenary year of the gallipoli campaign , our nation is at saturation point with battlefield remembrance .
giovanni lo porto came to a halt on january 19 , 2012 . four armed men burst into the building where he lived and abducted him . he was killed accidentally by a u.s. drone strike . his family members , including his four brothers , called him giancarlo .
netanyahu made the request at president reuven rivlin 's jerusalem home monday . he must form his government in less than 42 days , according to israeli law . last month , netanyahu 's likud party snared 30 of 120 seats in the knesset .
sandra mackey died sunday , her son colin mackey said . she was an undercover reporter working for u.s. newspapers from saudi arabia as her husband , dr. dan mackey , worked in a riyadh hospital . for four years , she hid her writing from the authorities and smuggled her stories out of the country to get around saudis ' prohibition on foreign journalists .
researchers waiting for based on the region 's history . tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year . fears were realized when a magnitude-7 .8 earthquake centered less than 50 miles from the national capital of kathmandu rocked nepal , toppling homes , historic buildings and leaving more 1,400 dead .
the investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information that led officials to believe a possible plot could be in the works . no arrests have been made . the exact nature of the threat could n't be learned . the transportation security administration alerted local law enforcement agencies that are responsible for external security around airports .
sabeen mahmud surrounded herself with books , people and discussions on technology , human rights and women 's entrepreneurship . she was shot dead at point-blank range late friday after she locked up the second floor cafe in karachi for the night . she is in a hospital but is expected to be released on time for her daughter 's funeral .
dr. derek shepherd , the hunky character played by patrick dempsey , died . he was n't shot down over the sea of japan , nor did a helicopter fall on his head . dempsey still has a year left on his contract . his loss will be felt by all .
aaron hernandez , 25 , walked into court with an air of bravado , his head held high like the $ 40 million , nfl superstar he was just a couple of years ago . several times he was even caught winking at his fiancee , shayanna jenkins , during the trial . even before the guilty verdict came down wednesday , for many -- at least those covering the trial -- audacity seemed to be the defendant 's biggest crime .
fadime gurgen dismisses the controversy surrounding the 100th anniversary of the massacre of armenians under the ottoman empire with a wave of her hand . ninety-one percent of turks do not believe that the events of 1915 -- when , according to armenian christians , 1.5 million ethnic armenia were systematically killed .
heranus assimilated and kept her identity hidden . many feared repeat of horrors they witnessed and barely escaped . in a crowded reception before a memorial concert in istanbul this week . heranus and her family were among a massive stream of women and children being forcibly marched by ottoman soldiers , not knowing where they were going or why they were torn away from their male relatives .
in fact , one of our most famous armenians , cher , was better known for her oscar-winning portrayals of italians , and had dropped her own identifying surname . the decimation of our people , too , was reduced to a footnote -- if we were lucky -- in tomes about world war i .
real estate in london 's swankier suburbs can catch a buyers ' eye . mayfair , kensington and chelsea have long been the stomping ground of the elite . they are now welcoming a new wave of african investors . bimpe nkontchou , a british-nigerian wealth manager , is based in the london property market .
paparazzi have been stalking the former olympic champion for months , breathlessly documenting his increasingly feminine appearance down to his lip gloss . jenner 's family owned the moment , being the reality tv mavens they are -- the jenners and the kardashians .
fritz bauer , the german-jewish attorney general of hessen , expressed the simple hope that ` sooner or later , one of the accused would step forward ' . then the entire world would exhale , as would all the survivors of those killed at auschwitz , and the air would be cleared .
in the west , isis is widely known for its terrorist actions . but for some communities , the group is the local governing authority . the video is at the top of this story . it 's an annual tradition : girl scouts sell cookies -- and , in the millions , we buy them . but is this the best way for them to raise money ?
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on the cnn student news roll call . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the . cnn students news .
demonstrators have vowed they 'll keep taking to the streets until they get justice . to start , protesters say they 're looking for answers about what happened to freddie gray , and why . but it seems like the questions in the controversial case just keep growing . protesters rally at baltimore city hall on thursday , and another march is planned for saturday .
teenager taken into custody april 2 after uk 's greater manchester police examined electronic devices and discovered communications between the teen and a man in australia . he was charged with two counts of inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism overseas and will appear in westminster magistrate 's court on friday .
the stunning landscape , which includes mount everest , and the amazing food . but nepal has also made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years . they spoke of the wonderful future they were now expecting for their children , and they shared with me the big dreams that they had .
the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in houston on april 8 . parents danielle and adam and big sister blayke are now a family of eight . the babies are named ava lane , hazel grace , olivia marie , parker kate and riley paige .
emanuel vega has come to baptist health primary care for a physical exam . vega is one of 44 million americans who is taking part in a medical ritual . there 's little evidence that those visits actually do any good for healthy adults . 92 percent of americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe exam .
the fda issued guidance that if significant changes are made to a product 's label , like color or a logo , the product requires new approval from the administration . the suit , filed in u.s. district court in washington , argues that those guidelines go too far and are too vague .
the file sharing website is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video ` me at the zoo ' was uploaded on april 23 , 2005 by one of the site 's founders . in 2015 , youtube is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in ` youtube spaces , ' like the one in tokyo .
psychologists call these ` remote associations ' . they are processed mostly in the brain 's right hemisphere . insights occur when a subconscious remote association suddenly pops into awareness . the new book explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after ` aha ! ' moment . it explains how to clear out mental junk , in order to make way for pivotal revelations .
the hashtag #kyliejennerchallenge has been trending on twitter in recent days , with posters showing off the often disturbing results of their efforts . the nets say you should stick your lips in a shot glass , suck all the air out and then pull it off to reveal your all-new plump kisser .
corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke , according to a tribute on time 's website by colleague richard zoglin . his all-time top 100 movies list , which he compiled with fellow time critic richard schickel , contained everything from `` pulp fiction '' to jackie chan 's `` drunken master ii '' .
chris evans and jeremy renner found themselves in hot water wednesday over comments they made in a similar junket interview . when asked by digital spy about the character black widow 's flirtations with the other superheroes , renner responded ` she 's a slut , ' and evans , laughing , added that she is a ` complete whore ' .
the father of oscar-nominated actress juliette lewis , died tuesday . he began his long association with eastwood in ` high plains drifter ' . he also appeared with the actor in `` thunderbolt and lightfoot '' -lrb- 1974 -rrb- , `` bronco billy , '' and ` midnight in the garden of good and evil ' .
the company confirmed tuesday that a second season will be coming in 2016 . the show focuses on attorney matt murdock , who was blinded as a child , as he fights injustice by day using the law . by night , he continues the fight , becoming the superhero daredevil and using his powers to protect the new york neighborhood of hell 's kitchen .
david ayer is directing the feature , which already boasts actors jared leto as the joker , will smith as deadshot and margot robbie as harley quinn . also in the lineup are joel kinnaman , cara delevingne , viola david , adam beach , ike barinholtz , adewale akinnuoye-agbaje and scott eastwood . there will also possibly be cameos of jesse e
the project , tentatively titled `` the rocky horror picture show event , '' is casting-contingent . the special will be produced by fox 21 television studios , and berman 's the jackal group . in 2002 , fox unveiled plans for an adaptation timed to the 30th anniversary that never came to fruition .
alice barker was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s . there were motion pictures made of barker , but she had never seen any of them . her photographs and memorabilia had all been lost over the years .
david chase went through the famous final scene for dga quarterly . he revealed the reasoning behind each shot . the story is a master class on how to build tension in a seemingly nondescript situation . he picks a song on the jukebox : journey 's ` do n't stop believin ' .
the tulsa county sheriff 's office concluded that reserve deputy robert bates was shown special treatment and that training policies were violated regarding his role with the agency . bates is the volunteer deputy who fatally shot suspect eric harris instead of stunning him with a taser on april 2 . a harris family lawyer provided documents to cnn from the 2009 inquiry , which also found that supervisors intimidated employees to disregard policies to the benefit of bates .
the chase , which took farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the hudson river , ended with ` snipers ' from the animals ' farm gunning down the buffalo from the side of the road . the herd then stampeded across the interstate highway , breaking through a wire fence .
a jury deliberated about 2 1/2 hours before returning guilty verdicts against benjamin mcnamee , 25 ; aaron golson , 22 ; and darryl cearnel , 28 . they will be sentenced june 26 , according to orange county , florida , online court records .
cathay pacific was forced to cancel a scheduled flight from london to hong kong after one of the pilots was arrested . the pilot , who has not been identified , was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on saturday night . he was then taken into custody at a local police station where he was later bailed and ordered to return in may pending an investigation .
a massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck around midday on saturday . hours later , many people still were too scared to go back inside any buildings . others crowded around rubble , including men and women racing to rescue those trapped . there are the hundreds already confirmed dead , not to mention the hundreds more who suffered injuries .
the host of cnn 's `` parts unknown '' recently stopped by anderson cooper 's kitchen to cook up the spicy and funky stew , and talk about his 24 intoxicating hours in the country 's capital of seoul . so , it 's probably a good thing budda-jiigae is also a storied hangover cure .
the tsa 's aviation security advisory committee said full employee screening would not ` appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection ' . email your story ideas and tips to cnntips@cnn.com . only two major airports in the u.s. -- miami and orlando -- require employees to be screened through metal detectors .
the revised policy comes in response to a june ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the fifth amendment 's guarantee of due process . the decision was part of an american civil liberties union lawsuit brought on behalf of 13 americans on the no-fly list .
betty whitehead , the designer of the iconic ` welcome to fabulous las vegas ' sign , died over the weekend . she was 91 . willis played a major role in creating some of the most memorable neon work in the city . the neon museum also credits her with designing the signs for moulin rouge hotel and blue angel motel .
the new york area received a large amount of rain , four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on tuesday . amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company , snapped the lucky shot . in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice .
anthony doerr 's new novel , ` all the light we can not see , ' won the pulitzer prize for fiction monday . doerr was also a finalist for the national book award . it 's his second novel and fourth work of fiction , including two short story collections .
melissa atkins wardy , author of `` redefining girly '' and passionate advocate for fighting gender stereotypes , heard from a frustrated mom on facebook . in a blog post , wardy told how the mom , veronica of richland , washington , wanted to buy ` big hero 6 ' fabric to make pillows for her two children . the fabric did n't include two of the heroes from the movie : the female characters , honey lemon and gogo .
catholic read the bible on sunday afternoon . read week one and week two . when i started this project , my brother texted me , `` wait until you get to lot . '' . by sunday , i understood what he meant . i am horrified by the story of lot in genesis .
goodacre is a professor of new testament and christian origins in the department of religious studies at duke university . i was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on cnn 's ` finding jesus ' . below are some of the most interesting , and my answers to them . they have been edited for style and clarity for this article .
the couple accepted the restaurant chain 's offer to pay for their july affair on monday . the couple had a little fun with the name coincidence and posed by a burger king restaurant sign for a photo . they were interviewed by reporter dave bakke of the state journal-register in springfield , the state capital .
vijay chokal-ingam is pitching a book about his experiences as a ` hard-partying college frat boy who discovered the seriousness and complexity of america 's racial problems while posing as a black man ' . he says he hatched the plan in 1998 after realizing in college that his grades were n't going to be good enough to get into med school as an indian-american .
driver was pinned inside - and unconscious . not knowing when the car might burst into full flame , they scrambled to save her , while a police dash cam rolled . cnn obtained the footage from affiliate wpix . police officers mark ehrenburg and ricky ferriola cut the seat belt from her , then dragged the woman 's limp body away from the crash to start emergency medical care .
president barack obama promised to use the word ` genocide ' to describe the 1915 massacre by turks of armenians . in 2006 , the u.s. ambassador to armenia was asked to resign for using the term armenian genocide , then-sen . obama hammered the bush administration for not taking a stand .
people never have lived on a planet that 's 2 degrees celsius -lrb- 3.6 fahrenheit -rrb- warmer than it was before we started burning fossil fuels . climate experts say we risk fundamentally changing life on this planet if we do cross that 2-degree mark .
in ohio , we have been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues that have held our state back in the past . social services , criminal justice , economic competiveness , infrastructure -- and i 've enjoyed sharing our state 's winning formula with others in my travels . in 2011 , i returned to public service -- after earlier serving for 18 years in congress in the 1980s and '90s .
it 's hard to imagine the conversations inside the hillary clinton camp prelaunch : how do we take the best known woman in the world and make her seem like less of a big shot ? how can the people in iowa and new hampshire get to know the `` real hillary , '' the midwestern methodist ?
a new cnn/orc poll found 57 % feel businesses such as caterers or florists should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples . 41 % say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons . since the pew poll last fall , indiana 's religious freedom restoration act , signed into law in late march .
nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution , according to a spokesperson for the attorney general 's office . indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time . meanwhile , edre olalia , a lawyer acting for philippines maid mary jane veloso , said her execution will take place on tuesday , april 28 .
sheldon and leonard 's moms are back , and that ought to make for one of the best episodes this season . tv 's top comedy will see the return of christine baranski and laurie metcalf as the mothers ofleonard and sheldon , respectively .
dr. kristen lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby 's head and posted a proud photo this week on facebook of herself smiling , as she dangled its limp body by the arrow 's shaft . a vet of the year award ... gladly accepted . the clinic fired l indsey , covered her name on its marquee with duct tape , and publicly distanced itself from her actions .
more than 100 sailboats took part in the dauphin island race and as many as 50 people in all were rescued from the water . the coast guard sector mobile received a report at approximately 4:30 p.m. that a sailing regatta had been struck by severe weather , causing several vessels to capsize .
aftershocks , including a strong one sunday , are continuing to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside , complicating rescue efforts . the huge , lengthy quake struck saturday , the scores of climbers who had gathered there to prepare for or recover from ascents of the peak had nowhere to run .
the cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $ 1,500 but demand for the fight is such that some seats could fetch as much as $ 11,000 on the secondary market . kenny bayless has been named as the referee of next month 's fight between mayweather and pacquiao .
ronald williams , 21 , has also been arrested , according to authorities . there had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime because the victim was white and the people who attacked him were black . the beating occurred on a metrolink light rail train , was caught on surveillance cameras and a passenger 's cell phone camera .
thousands of people were lining the road to the entrance to the airport trying to get out . there were torrential rainstorms for a couple of hours ago , no one wants to go inside . the residents of kathmandu sure do n't . you can see some structural damage to buildings .
jon `` bones '' jones , the reigning ufc light heavyweight champion , is wanted for ` his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident ' . a pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident . police stressed that they can not confirm whether jones was involved in the crash .
china 's ministry of culture issued a statement thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases . the hiring of professional mourners , known as kusangren , is commonplace . these can include performances , although in recent times the dance acts have increasingly tended towards the erotic erotic .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted this month of all 30 counts against him ; 17 of those counts carry the death penalty for the murders of four . he was sentenced to life in prison without any possibility of parole . his defense team began what could be a two-week campaign .
ali addeh refugee camp , djibouti , borders eritrea , ethiopia and somalia in the horn of africa . in the past few days , news -- from the network of friends and family across the world -- came in that 20 new dots needed to be scratched in -- for the 20 friends who 'd drowned off the shores of italy .
the 73-year-old american aid worker had been accidentally killed in a u.s. drone strike targeting al qaeda . his family frantically searched for details about his whereabouts and pushed for his release . his wife said she was still searching for answers thursday . the family said they were so hopeful that those in the united states and pakistani governments with the power to take action .
a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued , according to the italian coast guard . the group fears 400 migrants could be missing , citing testimony from survivors who said their ship carrying 550 people capsized in the mediterranean sea . an operation that included boats and planes did not find any survivors , nor bodies , nor any evidence to indicate a particular boat capsized .
the mad rush of 24 hours previously , in those first confusing , cacophonous hours following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake near the nepali capital , had died down . now families sit , camped out , silent and patiently waiting , but for now abandoned . at the airport , at passport control , we meet a nepalese man , who is unable to contact his family .
james holmes goes on trial for 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges . he has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . it 's a moment the survivors and those who lost loved ones have waited for anxiously . ahead of the trial , cnn spoke with several people whose lives were changed because of the shooting .
no one was injured in the shooting , and no arrests have been made , atlanta police spokeswoman elizabeth espy said . they arrived at 3:25 a.m. and located two tour buses that had been shot multiple times . witnesses provided a limited description of the two vehicles suspected to be involved .
three,862 people are known to have died so far , and plans in india , where 72 people were also killed , got bigger . on sunday alone , india delivered 187 tons of supplies , including 50 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine . hundreds of trained disaster relief troops landed in kathmandu and quickly got to work .
freddie gray 's family had asked there be quiet on baltimore 's streets the day they laid him to rest . raging hordes turned a deaf ear to that on monday . but a handful of people repeated the family 's message . they became criers in the desert against countless young people flinging rocks at police , breaking windows , looting and setting fires .
the woman is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd , smacking him in the head repeatedly , and screaming at him . as he tries to walk away , she follows him , screaming , `` get the f -- over here ! '' eventually , he turns toward her , his face no longer covered .
irwin horwitz , an instructional associate professor in the university 's department of maritime administration , told cnn affiliate kprc that he had finally reached a breaking point . horwitz said in an email to his strategic management students that they were a disgrace , that they lacked maturity , and that he would fail the entire class .
arthur baldwin , 29 , was arrested friday at a woman 's residence in southeast washington . he has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended . baldwin is assigned to the foreign missions branch , according to u.s. secret service spokesman brian leary .
eight million affected across nepal . one million children urgently in need of help . some of the grim figures likely to get even worse as hopes of rescuing any more survivors diminish every hour . as the country coped with the fallout of the quake , another natural disaster struck tuesday afternoon in a popular trekking area north of kathmandu .
the main highway that heads east out of kathmandu shows massive cracks , the tarmac torn apart by the force of saturday 's huge tremor . one lane is bisected by gaping , half-meter -lrb- 1.5 feet -rrb- fissures . they 've been filled with rubble and dirt , allowing passage for those desperate citizens to reach their families in outlying districts .
the official did not rule out that captives from other boko haram camps that were raided might be girls abducted in april 2014 from a school in chibok . the official said he would have the final word by day 's end on wednesday . nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women tuesday in the sambisa forest .
the nepali pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series when the magnitude-7 .8 earthquake broke out . the team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets , surveying destruction to homes and historic sites . they captured scenes of heroism and chaos .
lee wan-koo offered to resign amid growing political scandal . he has transferred his role of chairing cabinet meetings to the deputy prime minister . calls for lee to resign began after south korean tycoon sung woan-jong was found hanging from a tree in seoul in an apparent suicide on april 9 .
journalist krishnan guru-murthy asked downey if he thinks he is ` free from all of that , ' referring to downey 's history of ` taking drugs , drinking ' that the building tension comes to a head . downey has the right to refuse to answer the question , of course .
a photo of a baby boy being pulled from the rubble of the nepal earthquake has become the defining image of a disaster that has devastated the country . his tiny face is coated in dust from the debris that crashed around him as the earth shook on saturday , april 25 , killing more than 5,000 people and injuring at least twice as many more . his name is sonit awal , and he 's just four months old .
sen. bernie sanders of vermont could make an announcement within days , reports cnn 's nia-malika henderson . sanders has been exploring a run for months , and was a hit this weekend at a big south carolina democratic event . but his official word is that he is still looking at the race .
the assailant 's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides . the 10 were arrested in swat , a district of pakistan 's khyber pakhtunkhwa province , pakistani army spokesman maj. gen. asim bajwa said last september .
residents in the remote village stand on the distinctive steeply terraced hillsides and wave furiously as the relief flight passes overhead . the mission , a joint effort between indian air crew and a nepalese army medical team , is only the third operation of its kind to reach the village since saturday 's massive 7.8-magnitude quake . the aircraft is stuffed to capacity with tents , medicines and packages of tinned tuna , instant noodles and rice , all bundled haphazard
a majority of nepalese , indian and chinese residents are trekkers and vacationers who have not been heard from since the disaster . technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries , ask for help and search for their missing loved ones . the death toll in nepal is rising ; it has now surpassed more than 5,000 .
the executions of chan and sukumaran early wednesday morning will be a different story . their deaths will result in short to medium term frictions between canberra and jakarta at the highest levels . this will ease as the two countries have a number of common interests that neither side can abandon .
the death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times . but to kill two people who had clearly made the most of their long periods of incarceration to transform themselves and make amends for their actions looks gratuitous and cruel . german sociologist max weber pointed out , one of the key features of an effective state is that it has a monopoly over the legitimate use of violence .
the state 's attorney 's decision on whether to file charges against the six officers involved in the arrest will not be immediate . no reports will be made public , police commissioner anthony batts said , echoing an assertion he made last week that even after the prosecutors receive the files , the task force assigned to gray 's death will continue investigating .
german prosecutors and police said a man and a woman had been arrested in the frankfurt-area town of oberursel on suspicion of planning a boston-style attack . the suspected target was a race planned for friday . the race loops around eshborn and frankfurt on may day each year , attracting large crowds of spectators along the cycle route .
a large crowd erupted in cheers as pemba tamang was carried out on a stretcher . he was wearing a new york shirt and a blue neck brace , was blanketed by dust . his rescuer , inspector lakshman basnet of the nepalese armed police force , said tamang showed no apparent signs of serious injury .
marilyn mosby , 35 , took over her first elected post in january . now faces what is likely to be the toughest case of her nascent career . she is deciding whether criminal charges should be filed against baltimore police officers in the controversial death of freddie gray . gray , 25 , died in police custody from a fatal spinal cord injury , one week after he was arrested .
kim bok-dong , 89 , ended up in japanese military brothels in half a dozen countries . she says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl -- no woman -- should ever have to do . she is determined to share her story with anyone who will listen , until she 's no longer physically able .
the walkout occurred wednesday on the set of ` the ridiculous six ' near las vegas , new mexico , according to the indian country today media network . the movie was co-written by sandler 's happy madison productions as part of a four-picture deal with netflix .
the address marks the first time in history that the head of the japanese government will address the entire u.s. congress . so far , prime minister abe 's appearance has garnered much less attention than last month 's speech to congress by israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu .
a group of fighters in afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a cnn cameraman parading their isis flags in a valley not far to the south of kabul . the rise of isis is an issue that the afghan president , ashraf ghani , has termed a ` terrible threat ' .
les moonves runs a powerful television network in a town where nearly every waiter also wants to be an actor . but when he walked into craig 's in west hollywood last year , those roles were reversed . this time , moonves ' waiter , gabriel salvador , was the one serving up a mouthwatering opportunity that had nothing to do with the shrimp diavolo . instead , he was offering moonves an `` in '' to the most coveted match-up in boxing
tamara cotman , sharon davis-williams and michael pitts were ordered thursday to serve seven years on probation , pay $ 10,000 fines and work 2,000 hours in community service . baxter had come under fire from some community leaders for giving prison sentences to eight teachers and administrators who stood trial and were convicted of racketeering .
olivia munn will play the telepathic psylocke in the follow-up to `` x-men : days of future past '' . the comic book 's psyloc ke was created by chris claremont and herb trimpe for the british `` captain britain '' series .
the new color will be worn by majors , district commanders , deputy chiefs , assistant chiefs and the chief of police . some studies have shown that while any police uniform is usually perceived by the public as a sign of authority , lighter-colored uniforms may give a sense of goodness and safety . in a statement , the department said the change is being made as part of its constant effort to ensure accountability , professionalism and transparency .
thale 's job normally requires him to walk the streets of the city he has called home for the past few years . the reason is a wave of anti-immigrant violence that has swept the country in recent days , leaving several dead as authorities scrambled to detain those responsible . thale fears he 'll be attacked if he goes to work .
iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian . mahmoud ahmadinejad famously said during a 2007 trip to the united states , `` in iran , we do n't have homosexuals , like in your country . '' of course , they do live there , in fear of being discovered . homosexuality is illegal . you can be executed if convicted of engaging in sexual acts . kissing another person of the same sex can earn corporal punishment , like lashes . others have been pressured to undergo
hawkeye is a master with the bow and arrow . he 's also got a secret super-talent at singing ed sheeran parodies . the ' avengers ' character was a guest on `` the tonight show starring jimmy fallon , '' where he got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills .
marion `` suge '' knight pleaded not guilty thursday to murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run incident in january in compton , california . his attorney asked the court to further reduce knight 's bail , now set at $ 10 million , but los angeles county judge ronald coen denied the request . sloan , 51 , is accused of running over the two men during an argument .
the 69th annual tony awards were announced tuesday morning . last tony winner and three-time nominee mary-louise parker unveiled the nominees with bruce willis . the awards are set to be handed out june 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on cbs .
the oscar winner put on white makeup to portray the clown prince of crime in the upcoming movie ` suicide squad ' . twitter users got their first look at leto in character friday night . from comparisons to ben affleck tatted up , people on social media put their photoshopping skills to work all weekend .
the uber private rapper broke out of his usually reserved social media shell over the weekend to defend the performance of his new music streaming service , tidal . using the hashtag #tidalfacts , he attempted to refute talk that the company has been doing a less than stellar job in taking on competitor spotify .
the third film in the series will debut feb. 9 , 2018 . the news came one day after the hollywood reporter reported exclusively that the husband of el james , author of the `` fifty shades '' trilogy , will write the script for the second film . niall leonard , who is married and has two sons with the british author , is an author himself , in addition to being a screenwriter .
the magazine has anointed sandra bullock the world 's most beautiful woman of 2015 . the 50-year-old joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor , including last year 's cover girl , lupita nyong ` o , and gwyneth paltrow in 2013 .
the collabo is in honor of saturday 's record store day , when the 7-inch single will be available for sale . the accompanying video is guaranteed to be the most awesome thing you see today . the scene is derived from a filmed bit that monty python uses during its live shows 40 years of ` holy grail ' .
dzhokhar `` jahar '' tsarnaev 's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part two years ago in the boston marathon bombings and murder of an mit police officer . having focused on his dead older brother , portraying tamerlan tsarnav as harsh , overbearing and bent on jihad , they now shift to the younger brother who tagged after him . the sentencing phase of the federal case will resume monday .
the birth of any baby is cause for celebration , but given recent changes in the laws of succession , her arrival would be a historical one . in choosing a name , titled royals tend to turn to the family tree , rather than a well-thumbed copy of `` 1,001 best baby names '' like the rest of us .
the great british high street is no doubt salivating at the prospect of record sales should hrh princess -lrb- fill in the blank -rrb- of cambridge be spotted in one of their outfits . magazine and newspaper editors are well aware of the dramatic rise in sales when a royal baby hits the cover .
the basij has not been caught up in the fight against the feared islamic extremists currently waging war in parts of iraq and syria . but iran 's elite revolutionary guard 's quds force , led by general qassem suleimani , is already training , advising and supporting iraqi shia militias in their fight against isis .
actress linda thompson , who had two sons with jenner during their five-year marriage , says she can ` breathe a little easier ' knowing her ex-husband has found the strength to publicly declare he is transgender . in a two-hour special that aired friday , the olympic gold medalist and `` keeping up with the kardashians '' star said he has the ` soul of a female ' even though he was born with male body parts .
sen. bernie sanders is barely known to the general public , which makes him a very long shot indeed to win election to the highest office in the nation . those who follow politics a little more closely will possibly think of him as some left-wing kook that only the most liberal state in the union would ever dream of electing to the senate .
miami riots of 1980 were the first major ` race riots ' since the wave of riots spread across the nation in the 1960s . the detroit 1967 : police raid on a ` blind pig ' after-hours bar . then the rev. martin luther king jr. was assassinated , and baltimore and 125 other cities erupted in flames .
in new york city , mayor bill de blasio has launched an ambitious pre-k education program to broaden access for all of the city 's residents . the drive for same-sex marriage equality took hold in the states before reaching the federal level . states such as vermont , oregon , and washington as well as new jersey have taken the lead in adopting eco-friendly policies .
in ramkot , west kathmandu , nepal , my grandfather could not comprehend what was happening . outside , a brown dust-cloud rose from the ruins of cottages that had dotted the next hill . after escaping the building for the safety of open air , my first thought was for news of friends and family . calls did n't go through but thankfully texts and data did .
photographer fabien le coq photographed an unusual tree in the broceliande forest . he positioned himself at the base of the tree and turned his camera upward . branches take on their own patterns in the sky , creating a symmetry that is both interesting and comforting . a row of trees shot in paris speaks to the geometry of a modern city .
timothy mcveigh and terry nichols , former u.s. army soldiers , were convicted of the attack . domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists and radical separatist groups . the fbi 's goal is to prevent ` homegrown attacks ' before they happen .
mui thomas was born with harlequin ichthyosis , which means her skin is extremely thick , dry and flaky -- resembling fish scales . she has a full-time job , plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker -- educating and inspiring others about the challenges of looking ` visibly different ' .
the town had recently been freed from the boko haram terror group in a joint nigerian-chadian military operation . a provincial government committee was visiting the area as part of an effort to assess the level of destruction in towns that had been in the deadly grip of bokoharam .
the day is widely seen as marking the start of a free south africa after the fall of apartheid . this year 's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks earlier in april . using the #freedomday hashtag , people across the country and beyond took to twitter to celebrate .
the european union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats . many of the travelers are fleeing violence and poverty in libya and elsewhere in the region . eu leaders are considering a plan that would involve military action against people smugglers at the source .
the move by prosecutor javier de luca to drop the case could mean a definitive end to the accusations that have roiled the nation . the case became of high interest globally after the original prosecutor found dead in january . alberto nisman was found dead days after making the accusations . his death sparked outrage and conspiracy theories aplenty .
iudad juarez , mexico , was once known as the murder capital of the world . back in 2010 , at the height of cartel violence , the city averaged 8.5 killings per day . but five years later , local officials say the city is much safer , and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists and investors back to juarez .
shinzo abe surprised nobody by missing a great opportunity to dispel worries and tensions he raises with his revisionist views on history . during this 70th year anniversary of the end of world war ii , abe has been disappointing on japan 's wartime history because he has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for the wartime actions in asia . this ` abenesia ' is harmful to japan and thereby undermines the bilateral security agenda .
the progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and will begin its combustion in the atmosphere between may 5 and may 7 . the progress vehicle does not present any danger to the international space station due to a significant difference in orbit . the ship is now spinning out of control , nasa said .
13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines as well as 70 aircraft . the planning started long before russia began behaving as an adversary . for more than a year nato has been condemning russia 's actions in ukraine . if joint warrior is not a deliberate response , it 's certainly a timely one .
israel defense forces said the airstrikes were carried out in the occupied golan heights against four militants who crossed into the area from syria . the golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory despite israeli governmental control . it is home to 41,000 residents , including jews , druze and alawites .
jean nidetch became a heavyweight in the weight-loss industry . the founder of weight watchers died wednesday at her home in florida . her guiding philosophy : `` it 's choice -- not chance -- that determines your destiny . '' through the program of regular weigh-ins , peer support and accountability .
the 80-pound doberman had pulled down a basket of wrist wear from a shelf in their bedroom and eaten nearly all the contents . she had 28 staples down her belly and 10 inches of intestine removed . fortunately this time , the jewelry remains were still in mocha 's belly and had not made their way into the digestive tract .
norman rockwell , 92 , died this week at her home in simsbury , connecticut . as a 19-year-old telephone operator , keefe posed for the famous painting that would become the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29 , 1943 . keefe pocketed $ 10 for the two mornings of modeling work she did in arlington , vermont .
anamarie shreeves is the site manager for the nonprofit keep atlanta beautiful . she lives what some may consider an atypical lifestyle : she creates almost no waste . the small amount of waste she does create goes straight into a 32-ounce mason jar that sits three-quarters full right next to her kitchen sink .
the problem went viral after singapore tv host kenneth kong posted it to facebook . the problem was meant to test the better high-school students competing in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad , held april 8 . the new york times and the washington post have also posted solutions to the problem .
kate parker asked ella , now 9 , the night before her daughter 's first triathlon . the next day , ella participated in her race , and loved it . the photo is one of parker 's favorites from her series , `` strong is the new pretty . '' .
the u.s. supreme court will hear oral arguments tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the constitutional right to marry . the question at the core of obergefell v. hodges is one of the most consequential debates of the early 21st century .
in 2010 , a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on earth . it would actually make it about 40 % larger than the 7.8 currently being reported . that 's less than half the size of the previous major event nearby in 1934 , which killed 10,000 people . however , it is quite possible the number of dead in kathmandu could rise to match it .
ben powers died april 6 in new bedford , mass. , his family announced . he joined the cast of ` good times ' for its sixth and final season from 1978 to 1979 season . his character and thelma wed in the third episode of that season , but he injures his leg while walking out of the church .
it was a similarly named coloring book that adults were buying , for themselves , and it was n't the only one in the top 10 . johanna basford 's `` secret garden : an inky treasure hunt & coloring book '' now at no. 3 on amazon -lrb- no. 6 -rrb- along with her second effort , `` enchanted forest '' .
the centers for disease control and prevention defines heavy drinking as exceeding an average of one drink per day for men . binge drinking is defined as four or more drinks for men on a single occasion at least once during the past month . nationwide over the course of the decade , the rate of binge drinking among women increased more than seven times the rate among men .
cassandra c. , 17 , was diagnosed with hodgkin 's lymphoma in september and doctors gave her an 85 % chance of survival if treated . earlier this month , she ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo , claiming she did not want to be treated . she started the treatment in november but ran away after two days , according to court documents . in most recent legal maneuvering , a judge denied a request by cassandra 's attorney to
tiger woods , adam scott , and now jordan spieth all won the masters . the training perspective on golf is shifting . there 's a particular emphasis on the functional movement required to execute the perfect swing , which is why yoga is increasingly appealing to golfers . during the masters , spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas that enhance swing power and fluid control while decreasing the risk of back and knee injuries .
the comedic actress said smoking marijuana is ` good medicine ' for relieving the pressure in her eyes . she also defended her use of pot , saying , `` it 's expansive . it opens your mind '' and `` it makes you wonder . it does n't close that down , '' the actress said .
a new study found that acetaminophen , the main ingredient in tylenol , reduces not only pain but pleasure , as well . the authors of the study , which was published this week in psychological science , say that it was already known that it blunted psychological pain . but their new research led them to the conclusion that it also blunting joy -- in other words , that it narrowed the range of feelings experienced .
in an interview with the daily beast , the 62-year-old comic talked about her struggle with macular degeneration and glaucoma -- two eye diseases that get progressively worse over time and can steal vision . doctors have n't provided a timeline , but her symptoms are worsening : `` my vision is closing in now , '' she said .
the state 's legislature on friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes . the bill will now go before gov. david ige , whose signature would make it law in hawaii as of january 1 , 2016 . forty-six u.s. states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone 18 or older , while alabama , alaska , new jersey and utah require customers to be at least 19 . dozens of cities
the outbreak has been ongoing since mid-december . 142 people have tested positive for hiv , with 136 confirmed cases . this is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people . the epicenter of the outbreak has only one doctor who deals with infectious disease .
since mid-december , 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry , backyard chickens , and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds . in the united states , some 3.5 million birds had already been euthanized to prevent the spread of the disease . the news is bad for the birds , but not for humans .
the kathmandu valley 's other pagodas , stupas and shrines , also built mostly of red brick hundreds of years ago . the worst architectural losses have included the majestic shiva temple pagoda and its twin . from the late 1960s onwards , western hippy backpackers who traveled the legendary overland route to kath mandu would climb the shiva pagoda 's wide , nine-step plinth .
susie clark , from evening shade , arkansas , saw a 3.69-carat white , teardrop-shaped diamond in the plowed field . it 's the 122nd diamond found at crater of diamonds this year . visitors get to keep what they find at the state park 's 37.5-acre search field , which is named for an ancient eruption that scattered the area with gems .
no. 22 was painted before hip-hop became the piata for conservative talk show hosts to bash and before sagging pants became a popular fashion statement . it is more convenient to say the violence began when rioters threw bricks at police and not when a city 's police department began terrorizing its residents .
kim 's first official international trip since he came to power in 2011 following his father 's death , and it would have provided a fascinating opportunity for the world to get a closer look at a young leader and a regime still shrouded in mystery . but this week , russia announced that the trip had been canceled .
ken hermann visited the market for his project ` flower man , ' which is a series of portraits that casts light upon the people behind the petals . when hermann was in kolkata working on another assignment , he went to the market as a tourist . after that first encounter with malik ghat , his captivation with the market did not diminish and he became intent on returning .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix with pole-to-flag win . reigning world champion claims he had ruined his race by driving slowly . rosberg came home second for mercedes to snuff out the threat from the chasing italian racers and renew his rivalry with hamilton .
irwin horwitz , a nontenure-track professor at the texas a&m university galveston campus , is afraid the notoriety will cost him this job and future jobs . in an email to his students , horwitz accused them of ` backstabbing , game playing , cheating , lying , fighting ' . he was a hero who taught today 's entitled youth a much-needed lesson , or an egotistical nightmare of a teacher who threw a fit .
aiko chihira is an android manufactured by toshiba , designed to look and move like a real person . the regular greeter , ayako seiryu , says she 's not worried about a robot replacing her -- even one made to resemble a real 32-year-old woman .
joni mitchell , who was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1997 , was taken to ucla medical center a month ago . she remains at the hospital , according to leslie morris ' court petition filed april 28 . morris is described as mitchell 's friend of more than 44 years in the legal documents .
dyson was noted tv and film character actor , and stage star , winning a drama desk award for playing coach in jason miller 's pulitzer prize-winning play . but it was as mckenzie , the occasionally crusty paterfamilias on `` l.a. law , '' that he 's likely best remembered .
the as yet not titled eight-part , one-hour series is set to premiere july 26 . jenner , who along with his family has starred in the hit e! reality series `` keeping up with the kardashians , '' recently went public with the fact that he is transgender .
baltimore police said rioting at a shopping mall and elsewhere monday afternoon started amid rumors , spread on social media . the term appears to be a reference to 2013 's `` the purge : anarchy , '' about a dystopian future america where on one day each year , all laws are suspended for a 12-hour period . the government markets the sanctioned mayhem as a catharsis that reduces crime on the other 364 days of the year .
the ride from kathmandu to near the epicenter of nepal 's devastating earthquake is not for those who get easily carsick . steep slopes and small winding roads through deep river valleys greet us as we make our way to a town where nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured .
president obama 's efforts to make the world a better place can be accounted for in the ever-growing numbers of victims of radical islam in the middle east , north africa and south asia . not to mention here in the united states , canada and europe . is it not a tragic irony that the arab spring-era policies of a nobel peace prize recipient accommodated the transition of syria into the world 's newest jihad theater while leaving libya a failed state
 tanka maya sitoula was at home when saturday 's deadly 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck . she endured 36 hours trapped in a room on the ground floor , before she was freed by an indian rescue team . remarkably , she escaped without injury , apparently protected by a beam .
freddie gray was arrested on the morning of april 12 without incident , according to police . less than an hour after he was detained , officers transporting him called for a medic . he subsequently slipped into a coma , dying a week after his initial arrest . the events surrounding gray 's encounter with police remain unclear .
for-profit colleges that offer dubious degrees , saddle students with high amounts of debt and gobble up tens of billions of dollars in federal money every year . many of these schools are for-profit career colleges that operate mostly online . with uncle sam 's student loan debt sheet topping $ 1 trillion , we literally ca n't afford to continue funding from federal student loan money .
more than 2,000 credentialed white house journalists and their mostly celebrity guests convened for the occasion . obama , as in past years , came out strong -- a tough act to follow for any comedian . he had strong comedy lines and delivered them with timing that many stand-up comics would envy .
the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make bill and hillary rich , by peter schweizer , coming out may 5 . my guess is that the issues raised by the book will prompt team clinton to put its candidate on the road , where she can continue holding loosely scheduled meetings with ordinary americans .
the miami-dade police department set up the camera as part of an ongoing police investigation into luggage thefts . the camera showed baggage handlers stealing items on flights bound for israel , including a $ 5,000 seiko watch , iphones , an ipad , cameras , gold rings and cash .
the visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked kim 's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of north korea in late 2011 . kim also could have had the chance to rub elbows with the heads of about 30 other governments , including the leaders of china , cuba , india , germany , vietnam and venezuela .
christopher scarver , who was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing dahmer and another man at columbia correctional institution in 1994 , said the confessed cannibal would leave the fake limbs around the prison where others would find them . in a separate story , the pastor , roy ratcliff , as saying the convict would make jokes about this cannibalistic past .
the first time chinese-built passenger cars will roll into american showrooms . parent company geely automobile is seeking to prove that a chinese company can manage a global auto brand . china surpassed the u.s. as the largest market for car sales globally in 2009 , and most major automakers build cars in china .
the 26-year-old has his eye on a volkswagen tiguan but shanghai . to register for a license plate auction , prospective car buyers like li must put down a deposit in exchange for disc containing software they can use to bid online . each month there are around 10,000 license plates available .
the calbuco volcano erupted again thursday , marking the third time since last week , the national service of geology and mining said . the explosion produced an extensive plume , but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on april 22 and april 23 , according to cnn chile .
venezuelan native maickel melamed completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. tuesday . a group of energized fans rallied for the 39-year-old as he walked down boylston street in the pouring rain with volunteers from his foundation , vamos .
google 's popular real-time traffic app , waze , uses gps navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams , automobile accidents , stalled cars , and through its ` traffic cop ' feature . most people undoubtedly use waze 's police-finding feature to avoid traffic tickets , but the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers .
andrew lesnie won his oscar for his work on the first of the fabled `` lord of the rings '' trilogy , `` the fellowship of the ring '' . the sydney native , who also worked with new zealander jackson on the remake of `` king kong , and the lovely bones '' , suffered a heart attack monday .
lois lilienstein , co-star of `` sharon , lois & bram 's elephant show , ran on nickelodeon during the early 1990s , has died , aged 78 . the canadian preschool show ran on cbc in canada from 1984 to 1989 . she joined sharon hampson and bram morrison to launch their singing trio in 1978 .
the singer is believed to have drowned at a beach in montego bay on thursday . the statement listed his age as 54 , but other reports say he was 55 . he was scheduled to perform on the tom joyner foundation fantastic voyage cruise , parent company reach media inc. said in a statement .
percy sledge died tuesday in baton rouge parish coroner 's office . he had been in hospice care for cancer , clark said . in a career that started in the 1960s , sledge had a number of hits . over a mournful , slowly rising instrumental track provided by organist spooner oldham , drummer roger hawkins and guitarist marlin greene .
the celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son , silas randall timberlake , in statements to people . it is the first baby for both . the pair announced the pregnancy in january , with an instagram post . randall is the musician 's own middle name , as well as his father 's first .
the female-skewing cable network has greenlit ` the unauthorized full house story ' -lrb- working title -rrb- . the telepic will be produced by the bell team of front street pictures and ringaling productions , with harvey kahn and stephen bulka also on board to exec produce .
no one would be willing to bet on when a sense of terminal deja vu might set in to bring it all to an end , and comic-con can plan its main events years ahead . the key points of interest surround how many surprises and twists can be wrung from a format and set of expectations that demand great fealty .
` furious 7 ' is the best f&f by far , two hours of pure pow fueled by dedication and passionate heart . this one sticks with you . the usual flaws -- plot bumps , muscle acting , tweet-length dialogue -- fade in the face of the camaraderie on and off screen . finishing the film in walker 's honor clearly brought out the best in everyone .
the 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on the bbc series ` ordinary lies ' . her character tina mcintyre was the show 's first character to act as a surrogate . keegan is followed by reality television star and model kendall jenner .
the uss independence was scuttled in january 1951 during weapons testing near california 's farallon islands . the drone used a three-dimensional sonar system provided by coda octopus to get images that showed how well the warship has weathered 64 years in the deep .
the magazine collected statistics comparing award-seat availability for the five biggest u.s. airlines on domestic routes . the top performer was southwest airlines , which offered the most award tickets , 11.9 million , and the highest percentage of award tickets -- 11.5 % of 103.1 million total passenger seats .
loretta lynch is to create a muscular federal response to months of national unrest over controversial police killings like that of freddie gray , 25 . gray 's death last week -- from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody -- has touched off days of protests and rioting in baltimore .
a 14-year-old girl was returned to mexico from texas on wednesday after dna tests showed she 's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter . the girl was put inside a federal police truck that sped away as witnesses , including the teenager 's aunt , watched and recorded .
justice ruth bader ginsburg talked about how the institution of marriage has already changed from long ago , when it was ` dominant and a subordinate relationship ' . ` it was marriage between a man and a woman , but the man decided where the couple would be domiciled , ' he said .
the american civil liberties union , colorofchange.org , and the center for american progress ? all of them are adopting or advocating for hiring practices that open up work opportunities for people with convictions and leverage untapped potential in the labor market . the department of justice 's recent investigation of the ferguson police department , for example shows the extent to which racism is perpetuated through police departments and the court system .
the couple met at the u.s. open in 2005 and got engaged in november last year . the event took place at dunblane cathedral , with cheering crowds spilling onto the streets . the grand slam and olympic champion donned a traditional blue and green tartan kilt .
four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on tuesday . amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company in new york , snapped the lucky shot . she posted the picture to twitter , and within a few hours , it had already received hundreds of retweets . this is n't the first time rainbows have shown up in multiples .
asadullah , who was barely 16 when she was raped , pardoned by presidential decree . instead of a new start , what followed for gulnaz was a quiet , afghan solution to the ` problem ' . the name of the daughter born of the rape is now a shining little girl .
five men who months ago had one valuable skill nato depended upon . each for a reason they do not understand -- all fired from their jobs and then blacklisted , they say . they sleep in market stalls , and avoid traveling to see their families in case the threats they face are visited upon them .
simon brann thorpe 's project uses the area 's harsh landscape as a powerful backdrop for soldiers posed as green plastic figurines . the soldiers are with the polisario front , an independence movement that has been clashing with morocco over the region since the mid-1970s .
baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake says police are involved in a cover-up . gray died sunday under circumstances that are unclear . his take-down and arrest without probable cause occurred under a police video camera , which taped everything including the police dragging and throwing freddy into a police vehicle while he screamed in pain .
toby graham said she saw her son with a brick in his hand and she lost control of her emotions and told him to drop it . the 16-year-old boy said he understood that his mother was there looking out for him . he said he did n't want me to be like another freddie gray .
the little boy 's disappearance sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children . deliberations resumed on thursday , one day after new york supreme court justice maxwell wiley ordered the jury to continue efforts to reach a decision on the guilt or innocence of a bodega worker named pedro hernandez .
the moment became one of the deadliest shootings in u.s. history . holmes is accused of opening fire on the crowd , killing 12 people and injuring or maiming 70 others in aurora , a suburb of denver . he appeared like a comic book character : he resembled the joker .
there 's so much wrong with boxing 's business model , but all you really need to understand is this : most sports fans probably ca n't name a single active boxer after mayweather and pacquiao . most would n't come up with his name -lrb- wladimir klitschko -rrb- .
the bangladeshi migrant 's description provides new details about what may have happened aboard the ship , which sent out a distress call in the dark of night saturday . as rescuers approached , authorities say migrants on the boat moved to one side , hoping to be saved . many on lower levels of the boat were trapped inside because smugglers had locked the doors , the migrant said .
the japan aerospace exploration agency -lrb- jaxa -rrb- announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 . if approved , the agency will reportedly use its epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a slim probe -- the acronym stands for ` smart lander for investigating moon ' .
the warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from iran that could be trafficking arms to houthi rebels in yemen . the move was meant to reassure allies in the region . international officials are concerned that iran could surreptitiously attempt to transfer weaponry to the houthis .
h prosperity gospel pastor creflo dollar responded recently to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey gulfstream g650 . dollar noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him in regards to his campaign seeking $ 300 from 200,000 people globally to help buy the luxury jet . in a newly posted five-minute clip on youtube , the atlanta-area pastor speaks to his followers at world changers church international .
president obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change , refocus on the issue from a public health vantage point . after the event at washington 's howard university on tuesday , obama sat down with me for a one-on-one interview . i asked him about the science behind climate change and public health and the message he wants the average american to take away .
the kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance , targeting turkish soldiers who were securing an area in agri ahead of a spring festival . turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu condemned the violence . last month , abdullah ocalan , longtime leader of the kurdistan workers ' party , called from his jail cell for the violence to end .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran awaiting death by firing squad on indonesia 's ` execution island ' for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot . a panel of three judges confirmed earlier ruling that it lacked jurisdiction to hear challenges against president joko widodo 's refusal to grant clemency . one of the condemned men 's lawyers said he was disappointed with the rulings but would respect the court 's decision .
the accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus , leaving little more than its frame . debris scattered across the road , while smoke rose into the sky , videos posted to social media show . the dead included athletes traveling for a sporting competition , an eyewitness told 2m tv , a moroccan state-owned network .
the park is a supervolcano so enormous , it has puzzled geophysicists for decades . but now a research group , using seismic technology to scan its depths , have made a bombshell discovery . yellowstone 's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought , say scientists from the university of utah .
marleni olivo , 54 , drove a bus to a rally wednesday where he was meeting with supporters . she got as close as she could and , as the bus passed , she tossed the fruit at maduro . maduro also joked that he had something in common with the mango .
six survivors of the paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a french media outlet for what they call dangerous live broadcasting during the hostage-taking . the media outlet , cnn affiliate bfmtv , is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages , who were hiding in a cold room during the attack , by broadcasting their location live during the siege .
the helicopter crashed near kampung pasir baru in semenyih , at 4:55 p.m. saturday . among the victims were azlin alias , who worked on the prime minister 's staff , and jamaluddin jarjis , former malaysian ambassador to the united states and chairman of pr1ma malaysia .
ben affleck 's attempt to alter the content of the program only publicly became known a few days ago after wikileaks released hacked emails revealing an exchange between gates and sony pictures chief michael lynton . affleck , who lobbied producers of a pbs show , ` finding your roots , ' to remove any reference to his great-great grandfather benjamin cole .
president barack obama revealed that a u.s. drone strike had killed warren weinstein and giovanni lo porto , two aid workers held hostage on the afghanistan-pakistan border . al qaeda had sought to trade the two for prisoners held by the united states and an end to drone strikes . but it is not only terrorist groups that try to reap reward from the taking of hostages -- take the case of jason rezaian , the washington post 's
the slants are five asian-american musicians from portland , oregon , who pay homage to their heritage in an ironic way . to the slants , `` slant '' is n't an insult , it is empowering . and more power to them . unfortunately , a bureaucrat at the u.s. patent and trademark office decided that ` slant ' was disparaging to asians , and denied them a trademark registration under the despised -lrb- by me , anyhow
nick loeb says he met the actress in 2010 and they got engaged two years later , at which point they decided to create the embryos and conceive a child via a surrogate . after two attempts failed to bring fertilized embryos to term , they created two more embryos using her eggs and his sperm . loeb filed a complaint against the 42-year-old actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization .
the shelling began to boom through the yemeni city of aden on thursday afternoon as we hurried back to board the boat that had brought us here from djibouti . aden remains a city not fully in the hands either of houthi rebels or forces loyal to the ousted government of president abdu rabu mansour hadi .
flight 448 , which had been bound for los angeles , returned to seattle . upon landing , a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold . the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled . the plane was also only in the air for 14 minutes , alaska airlines said . the agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution .
the suspect , identified by law enforcement as 20-year-old kenneth morgan stancil iii , worked at one time for the victim and is a former student at the school . the shooting took place on the third floor of a campus building . despite earlier reports , the victim was not killed inside the library .
a smuggler in the libyan capital of tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees . the conversation , recorded using a mobile phone , exposes the prices and incentives used to gather as many migrants as possible onto ships . an estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous mediterranean crossing .
matyas gutai built a prototype house in his hometown of kecskemet , south of budapest , with his high school friend milan berenyi . the house was built with a grant from the eu and showcases the ` liquid engineering ' concepts gutai has written about extensively . the indoor temperature can also be modified using a monitoring system similar to central heating .
the airone was intercepted 90 kilometers from the libyan port of misrata . it said rifle shots were accidentally fired , and one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured . italy registered more than 10,000 migrants in the first three months of 2015 , according to the international organization for migration .
the show will feature candace cameron bure , who played eldest daughter d.j. tanner in the original series , which aired from 1987 to 1995 . stamos will produce and guest star talks with co-starsbob saget , mary-kate and ashley olsen , dave coulier and lori loughlin are ongoing .
the game at oriole park at camden yards is scheduled to begin at 2:05 p.m. et . the game will be televised on the masn regional cable network . it follows the postponements of monday 's and tuesday 's games against the white sox until a doubleheader scheduled for may 28 following unrest in baltimore .
the u.n.-sponsored talks should resume ` but only after a complete halt of attacks , ' houthi spokesman mohammed abdulsalam said in a facebook post . the previous round of talks between houthis and the government of yemeni president abdu rabu mansour hadi failed in january after rebels attacked the president 's personal residence and presidential palace in sanaa . on tuesday , saudi arabia announced the end of its operation decisive storm
wisconsin badgers beat indianapolis 71-64 in the ncaa men 's basketball final . the blue devils dominated michigan state 81-61 in the first contest of the night . junior forward sam dekker added 16 points . karl-anthony towns led kentucky with 16 points and 11 rebounds .
jerome r. hunt , 54 , climbed the fence on the south side of the white house complex about 10:25 p.m. the package was being examined and later deemed to be harmless , a secret service source told cnn . the secret service has come under heavy criticism after two incidents compromised the security of the grounds .
the rev. jamal bryant drew the same comparison wednesday morning on cnn . he said the word is the 21st century word for the n-word . the recent unrest in baltimore was sparked by the arrest and death of freddie gray , who suffered a severe spinal cord injury while in custody .
judge jeffrey sutton penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage . his opinion goes up against an avalanche of judicial rulings striking down such bans . the split helped pave the way for the u.s. supreme court to take up a case on tuesday that could ultimately decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have a constitutional right to marry .
machete-wielding attackers hacking immigrants to death in cities in south africa . attacks against foreigners and businesses rage on , killing at least six . but this is not the first time xenophobic violence has exploded in a country . zulu king goodwill zwelithini said foreigners ` should pack their bags and go ' .
al-shabaab , an al qaeda-linked militant group based in somalia , took responsibility for the attack , according to the u.s. embassy in nairobi . earlier , the ministry posted a ` most wanted ' notice for mohamud . it offers a reward of 20 million kenyan shillings , which is about $ 215,000 .
the 25-year-old was arrested by police on april 12 . he was carrying in the van for 40 minutes and he was not properly buckled in . gray 's family said his voice box had been crushed and his neck snapped , and after a week of hospitalization , he died .
an afghan national army soldier shot at u.s. soldiers at a provincial governor 's compound in jalalabad on wednesday . an afghan police chief told cnn that the afghan soldier opened fire on the us troops as they were leaving a meeting at the compound . a senior official had just held a meeting with nangarhar 's governor when gunfire erupted .
new belgium and the folks at ben & jerry 's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream -- salted caramel brownie ice cream , to be precise . both companies have a history of social activism , and the new project will be no different , they say . their release does n't say what the campaign will be all about .
suzanne crough passed away monday at home in laughlin , nevada . she played tambourine and percussion in the traveling `` partridge family '' band . the group consisted of a widowed mom , played by david cassidy , susan dey , danny bonaduce , brian forster and crough .
bobbi kristina brown , 22 , has ` global and irreversible brain damage ' . she remains unresponsive , cissy houston said in a statement monday . she does not respond to visitors or familiar voices , and her eyes do not follow a person around the room , the source said .
s true , false , true -lrb- but not what we 're talking about in this story -rrb- and i 'm guessing no. 4 is true too . if you flunked the test , it might be because mercury suffers from bad ,lrbb- or very little , maybe it 's just bad lighting . mercury orbits about 35,983,125 miles from the sun .
british and american aid workers , kurdish and syrian soldiers and egyptian and now ethiopian christians were among those who followed in foley 's wake . these highly ritualized killings have galvanized international opposition to the group . but beyond this , some experts such as psychology professor arie w. kruglanski suggest , the wave of savage beheadings may be having an unlikely knock-on effect .
the mood among many people and the government can probably best be described using two words : confident and optimistic . after a preliminary framework for a possible nuclear deal was reached between iran and world powers , many here believe a final agreement is possible . most hope that widespread sanctions relief could be on the horizon .
saturday 's game between the orioles and red sox had gone into extra innings in camden yards , with plenty of fans for both teams glued to their seats . when the oriole finally pulled out a win in the 10th inning , 36,000 fans remained in their seats , they had been asked to do so by baltimore officials due to ` ongoing public safety issues ' .
more than 10,000 people have arrived from libya since last weekend alone . stories of death at sea and unimaginable suffering are nothing new in the waters between north africa and italy . but what makes the current influx different is the increase in numbers and the absence of control from the ports of embarkation .
photographer james oatway realized the entire attack had taken less than two minutes . it was the morning after a night of unrest in johannesburg 's alexandra township that saw foreign-owned shops looted and destroyed . sithole pleaded for mercy , but it was already too late .
at least 10 iraqi security forces were killed and more than 100 others were wounded in the fighting against isis on wednesday . the extremist group 's offensive in ramadi shows its resilience despite months of u.s.-led airstrikes and its recent defeat by isis . the politician said he was on a front line himself , armed with a machine gun .
officer michael slager was arrested after raw video surfaced showing him firing numerous shots at walter scott as scott ran away from a traffic stop . the video footage contradicts slager 's statement that he felt threatened after scott allegedly took his stun gun during a scuffle . now , after watching the footage , which should remain in your memory for a long time to come -- one could say that slager shot scott like a dog .
sen. claire mccaskill , chairwoman of the senate 's consumer protection panel , instead made him her chief example of snake oil salesmen that keep hoodwinking consumers into thinking there 's a quick fix for their expanding waistlines . john oliver subsequently eviscerated oz on his hit hbo show ` last week tonight tonight ' .
zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi , a top leader of the terrorist group lashkar-e-taiba , was released early friday from a jail in the pakistani city of rawalpindi . he is accused of masterminding the november 2008 terror attacks that left more than 160 people dead in mumbai , india 's most populous city .
beatriz paez filed a complaint with police in south gate , just south of los angeles . the incident was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera . paez said she was out walking sunday when she noticed what looked like an arrest several houses up the street . she stood on the sidewalk , recording with her phone .
muhammadu buhari , who some 30 years ago was nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been swath . but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history .
researchers have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in martian soil could pull water vapor from the planet 's thin atmosphere into the soil at night . they say the new study based on a full year of monitoring of temperature and humidity conditions by the mars curiosity rover in gale crater .
chinese nuclear experts have told the united states that pyongyang may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads . the key takeaway from the latest assessment of north korea 's nuclear capability is not in the actual number of warheads . however , this number is not significantly larger than conventional open source estimates of 10 to 15 warheads previously provided by u.s. and other experts .
novak djokovic beat thomas berdych 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-3 in monte carlo masters . but serbian world number one did n't have it all his away under uncharacteristically slate gray skies on the mediterranean coast . but he broke twice early in the third set to surge to a 4-0 lead .
new york state authorities have issued a health alert following a dramatic spike in hospital visits for synthetic marijuana-related emergencies . the recent surge is not isolated in new york ; other states across the country have noticed similar trends . mobile county alone has seen seven cases in 2015 so far , more than the entire previous year .
the sentences will be appealed . the criminal court sentenced 36 other defendants to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities . they faced charges that include funding the rabaa al-adawiya sit-in -- a mass protest in cairo in august 2013 that was forcibly dispersed by security personnel .
police brutality is neither new nor reflective of a ` moment ' . this is a reality we must face if we are going to reverse course from what has become a national crisis . violent response of police officers to unarmed african-americans is a decades-long phenomenon that has too often been dismissed as ` race card ' politics and black grievance .
the cast of `` the breakfast crew '' escaped from principal richard vernon 30 years ago , but a draft script of the 1985 teen classic has just been found in a filing cabinet . the file was discovered at maine south high school as district officials prepared to move to a newly acquired building next door .
the film , a spoof of the arthurian legend , did not start auspiciously . the budget was small -- about $ 400,000 , half of it supplied by rock stars , including genesis and pink floyd . on the first day of filming in scotland -- the first shot , in fact -- the camera broke .
the comedian took a fake tumble on the red carpet tuesday night at the 2015 time 100 gala in new york . the stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers , although kanye -- perhaps not used to being upstaged -- looked unamused .
hillary clinton will take a 23 % pay cut , equivalent to the current gender wage gap , to stand in solidarity with working women in america . in her campaign launch and personal rebrand , clinton is clearly trying to portray herself as a woman of the people , a populist fighter for the middle class .
the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women 's groups as the point in the year women would have to work to make up for ` lost ' wages as a result of the so-called wage gap . in the wake of hillary clinton 's presidential announcement , the ` holiday ' has special meaning .
jeff green , then playing for the boston celtics , was looking forward to getting back to the hardwood . that was until a routine physical stopped him in his tracks . the physical revealed he had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart . he considered the possibility he may never play basketball again .
gao yu was convicted of revealing state secrets and sentenced to seven years in prison . the 71-year-old journalist was convicted last november of disclosing a highly confidential document no. 9 . the document revealed the party 's ideological battle plan to counter advocates of constitutional democracy , banning public discussions on topics ranging from press freedom , civil rights to judicial independence .
in south korea , myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18 % in 1955 to over 96 % myopia in 2011 . and it 's a global issue -- rates of myopia are also rising in western nations like germany and the u.s. , compared to about 25 % in the 1970s .
hillary clinton 's official announcement went online , with terms like ` hillary clinton , ' #hillary2016 , and yes , even ' #whyimnotvotingforhillary ' trending . over 3 million views of her announcment tweets in one hour , and 750,000 facebook video views so far by sunday evening .
german climber jost kobusch caught his breath as heaves to catch his breath . the video shows the terrifying scale of the avalanche that smashed into everest base camp on saturday . at least 17 people have been killed , with dozens injured and several missing -- likely buried beneath the snow and ice .
wikileaks founder has been holed up in ecuadorian embassy in london since june 2012 to avoid extradition to sweden . prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . the australian national has not been charged and denies the claims .
two tsa screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at denver international airport . when the male tsa officer noticed a man he found attractive , he would tell the screening machine that a female passenger -- not a male -- was walking through . the agency launched an investigation , and investigator chris higgins monitored the two tsa officers in question , denver police said .
the certificate documents my successful completion of the dc special flight rules area , or sfra , online course . the online course verifies that i am knowledgeable to fly a plane under visual flight rules into the most highly restricted u.s. airspace in the country . although a ` no-fly zone ' over the white house has long existed . the size of the tfra airspace is designed to be large enough to give our defense forces enough time to determine if a threat exists from an aircraft entering
ayatollah ali khamenei , the islamic republic 's supreme leader , said he is neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it is n't final . he 's not certain it will become binding because he has ` never been optimistic about negotiations with the u.s. ' six world powers and iran reached a preliminary deal last week that aims to limit tehran 's nuclear program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions .
the microneedle patch , which resembles a small , round adhesive bandage , could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it . by applying it to the skin and pushing down , the vaccine is delivered in a matter of minutes . rather than requiring highly trained medics , minimally trained personnel could go from door to door , quickly administering the vaccine .
the $ 16 million mary harvin transformation center was being built in a part of town where half the properties are vacant buildings or barren lots . the project was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center . in the works for eight years , the center was to provide behavioral health counseling , support services for people and families with hiv and aids , employment training , home and credit counseling .
the new training materials , overseen by appointed federal monitor peter zimroth , were submitted to manhattan federal court judge analisa torres on monday . they include directives to ` not tell or tolerate ethnic , racial or sexist jokes ' and to `` not imitate the speech patterns '' of others . it violates the department 's policies .
muna mansour is from buffalo in upstate new york . her family is among the dozens of americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in yemen . they want to drive out the shiite houthi rebels , whose opposition to the government grew from protests to a takeover of government buildings and some territory .
saudi jets began airstrikes in yemen late last month in the name of what the kingdom 's washington ambassador described as ` restoring the legitimate government ' . the need to protect constitutions and elections is a rather strange message from the representative of an absolute monarchy . but it is far from the only group getting help from outside sources in the region .
the focus , instead , will be the latest offerings from an array of global car manufacturers , which are pulling out all the stops to compete for chinese customers in what since 2009 has been the world 's largest car market . vehicle sales in china totaled 23.5 million units last year , almost a third more than in the united states .
bill murray , george clooney , scarlett johansson , jerry seinfeld , howard stern , tina fey , michael keaton and ray romano . on tuesday , `` the late show with david letterman '' announced some of the guests for the talk show host 's final month of broadcasts .
thailand has lifted martial law , replacing it with it a controversial new security order granting sweeping powers to the ruling military junta . critics have expressed alarm at the move , with human rights watch 's asia director brad adams saying it marked the country 's ` deepening descent into dictatorship ' .
aaron hernandez , 25 , appeared to shake his head ` no ' earlier as jurors in the massachusetts trial found him guilty of first-degree murder . he was also found guilty of unlawful possession of a firearm and unlawful possessing of ammunition . his family portrayed him as a loving son and protective brother .
police were trying to save their city last weekend , were blamed for doing too little . the ghetto , and i 'm talking class and not race , was on full display by monday . the whole nation saw beautiful baltimore at its worst . the protests started in response to the death of freddie gray in police hands .
the somali woman 's baby , sabrine , was born a week after she was detained . she was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside tripoli . other pregnant women fleeing repression have come to libya -- many fleeing fighting that refuses to stop .
the cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and chairs into crowds of people . stanchions can be seen flying and being used as weapons in the chaotic scene . the fight took place in the food court area of resorts world casino where approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived .
baltimore city set baltimore on fire this time . we threw stones at policemen . we created camera-ready chaos , and we replayed the images . we made a culture of such deep distrust and disrespect that violence seemed the inevitable response . we used a polity in which racial inequity and economic inequality magnify each other unrelentingly .
jae rockwell , founder of my local women 's fitness groups , women run the world , posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable . annastasia w. , who 's training for her first ironman half-triathlon this summer , suggested a group brick workout at our local gym .
the telegraph editor , guy housley , was to my right , perhaps 6 feet away . at 4:50 , the old-fashioned upright `` candlestick '' telephone on his desk rang . the direct line the associated press used to alert editors to major news events . he answered , replaced the bell-like receiver on its hook .
elizabeth warren said she wanted to see someone willing to fight for the middle class and ` make washington work for families again ' . she also got specific with her wish list , mentioning that a candidate willing to lower the interest rates on student loans and shore up social security would get high marks from her .
the low-key video released on sunday announcing her run for the white house is filled with women -- young , old , black , white , asian and latina -- working in their gardens . clinton often says there 's no better time in history to be born female than the present .
hillary clinton has been a part of all our lives now for approaching a quarter of a century . she started as the first lady that the right loved to hate , then the deceived wife , next a senator , then a candidate for president in one of the most dynamic primaries in history and finally , a secretary of state .
nasa 's new horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of pluto . the initial picture shows a couple of orange-tinged blobs : pluto and its largest moon , charon . but the probe will soon beaming back much sharper images and wealth of other information about pluto 's remote , unexplored corner of the solar system .
amanda rothschild lay awake in her remington home , a neighborhood in the northern part of the city , thinking about what the next day would be like . as a co-owner of charmington 's , a cafe in the intersection of three major baltimore neighborhoods , she knew that the cafe and its workers needed to support the city after all the unrest .
the university of florida and emory university are investigating allegations that zeta beta tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans last weekend . the fraternity 's executive director , laurence bolotin said in a statement that three fraternity members have been expelled from the group . ` they actually spit on me and my service dog as well , and that 's just so disrespectful and it hurts . i come and i feel safe and that i belong , but now i feel like i 'm defending myself
local officials say methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the u.s. virgin islands , in different parts of the island , without his knowledge . investigators are still trying to piece together exactly what happened at the sirenusa resort , where a delaware family 's vacation turned into a nightmare .
the jihadi chiefs have a strategy beyond the battlefield . their treatment of their female victims plays an important part in their ambitious radical strategy . killing the enemy , the men , is a tactic for winning battles and conquering territory . there , they were lined up in groups of 50 and displayed for isis fighters .
jamal al-labani was on his way back from mosque prayers when he was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell . he died minutes later . more than 200 people have been killed in aden in the past 11 days . the gas station owner never made it on a flight back to his home hayward , california .
the exact timing of the cuba trip was n't immediately released , but the vatican said the pope would stop in cuba before his planned late september stops in washington , new york and philadelphia . in havana 's cathedral square , people reacted joyously to the news .
the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 . a&e , lifetime and history -lrb- formerly the history channel -rrb- announced thursday that the three networks would simulcast a remake of the saga of kunta kinte .
it 's easy to be anxious about the threat posed by the islamic state of iraq and syria . after all , this is a brutal organization that not only kills but seems to revel in doing so in ways designed to shock the world . such moves are part of this murky group 's propaganda and its deliberate efforts to manipulate information .
the underwater search area for missing malaysia airlines flight 370 looks set to double in size . teams are scouring the depths of a remote part of the southern indian ocean for the remains of the passenger jet that disappeared more than a year ago . families of passengers and crew members still have no answers about what happened to their loved ones . if the searchers have n't found anything by the time they 've covered the entire 60,000-square-kilometer priority zone , the search will
in july of 2013 , the oldest of jesus relics stories rose again when turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of a cross . it 's thought the chest served as a symbolic coffin for a holy person 's relics -- ones connected to crucifixion .
the altamura man became the oldest neanderthal to have his dna extracted by researchers . it took them more than 20 years to get around to doing it . spelunkers spied his skull staring blankly back at them from its nook in the lamalunga cave , deep under the town of altamura .
public opinion on same-sex marriage has turned upside down since the supreme judicial court in massachusetts first legalized the practice in 2003 . overwhelming opposition has turned into substantial majority support , especially among young people of all political persuasions . to originalists like scalia , those who believe the constitution should be interpreted only as it was originally understood by the framers .
on wednesday , dc entertainment , warner bros. and mattel announced a partnership to launch dc super hero girls . the characters involved wonder woman , supergirl , batgirl , harley quinn and poison ivy , among others . though initial reaction on social media appeared favorable , `` my daughter will be a big fan i think , '' wrote nerdgallagher .
henry louis gates stands accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his pbs documentary series ` finding your roots ' . affleck 's concern was that the segment would have aired his family 's dirty laundry , which includes a slaveholding ancestor , benjamin cole . he said he did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves .
a white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man . walter scott was stopped by officer michael slager for a broken taillight . slager said : ` shots fired , and the subject is down . he took my taser ' .
the bp oil spill 's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer . on this most recent trip , i saw the ghostly remains of entire islands virtually swallowed up by the oil , and i learned about oystermen and fishermen whose livelihoods are still crippled by what happened five years ago .
spacex , the private space exploration company founded by billionaire elon musk , hopes to give it a try . but weather forced it to scrub monday 's plan to launch . after the launch , spacex will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform , or what it calls an autonomous spaceport drone ship .
ibrahim al-rubaish died monday night in what aqap 's media wing , al-malahem media , called a ` crusader airstrike ' . he was once held by the u.s. government at its detention facility in guantanamo bay , cuba .
james holmes surrendered to police , a dozen dead bodies allegedly in his wake . on monday , jurors will thoroughly examine those seven minutes in a trial that experts say could last months . the prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty . holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity .
the wooden vessel was called mecca after the holy city . it meant hugging the coastline , trying to stay as much as possible out of the deeper water in the middle of the gulf of aden where the world 's navies seemed to be squaring off . it was almost double the distance of the direct route .
mersin , a port city on the southern border , was the jump off point . he met a syrian guy in a hotel in mersin who had already paid money to one smuggler and was planning to depart within a few days . when he reached italy the money would be deposited into an insurance company , with the usual transaction fees .
i see signs of a revolution everywhere . i see it in the op-ed pages of the newspapers , and on the state ballots in nearly half the country . i saw it in politicians who once preferred to play it safe with this explosive issue but are now willing to stake their political futures on it .
putin predicted the sanctions would not end soon . on israeli and western fears that such a system would embolden iran , putin scoffed . ` it is a defense weapon . these sessions are live and can go on and on . last year , he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes .
dr. mehmet oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of ` manifesting an egregious lack of integrity ' in his tv and promotional work . in a statement issued last week , oz said , ` i bring the public information that will help them on their path to be their best selves ' .
the bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , the elderly and others with weak immune systems . the cdc recommends consumers do not eat any blue bell brand products . three people in kansas have died in the past year and 10 people in four states have fallen ill from the bacteria believed to have come from blue bell products .
the baltimore single mom who pulled her son , who was holding a brick , away from the scene of a riot . a video of graham yanking young michael from a group of protesters went viral . many called her a hero : a mother determined to stop the cycle of violence . and yet , was n't she also promoting violence ?
tornadoes touched down near dallas on sunday , ryan shepard snapped a photo of a black cloud formation reaching down to the ground . luckily , it tore through countryside , and there have been no reports of deaths . but surveyors had not been out to check for damage or casualties overnight because the weather was so bad .
alexis keslar , 18 months , was walking with her twin sons , silas and eli , along a canal friday when she tried to repel a bee . the current washed the stroller away . after more than an hour of searching , the toddlers were found and flown to a hospital , where they were pronounced dead .
the death toll is expected to climb further as officials get information from the rugged countryside that makes up most of nepal . as day broke monday , nepal was still in survival mode after suffering a series of aftershocks following the huge initial quake on saturday . stunned residents wandered the streets of kathmandu , the capital city of roughly 3 million people that 's now the focus of international disaster relief efforts .
the crash occurred at 3:30 p.m. at the exotic driving experience , which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack . the 36-year-old passenger , gary terry of davenport , florida , was pronounced dead at the scene .
the deal would include strict verification measures to make sure iran complies . the world powers involved in the talks with iran were the united states , russia , china , france , the united kingdom and iran . only two years ago , they had n't talked with each other officially in nearly four decades .
bobby drake , aka iceman of the x-men , has been part of a wildly popular superhero team since its very beginning . no. 40 reveals the truth : bobby is gay . in comic book pages provided to cnn , bobby does n't immediately acknowledge that she is telling the truth .
beijing-backed election proposal tabled wednesday that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto . in a speech before the city 's legislature , chief secretary carrie lam said that if approved , the proposal would give hong kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017 .
australian prime minister tony abbott called the executions ` cruel and unnecessary ' because both men , andrew chan and myuran sukumaran , had been ` fully rehabilitated ' during a decade in prison . abbott did n't say what permanent actions , if any , would be taken against indonesia . one of the men 's lawyers tweeted his apologies .
the spirit of lincoln 's second inaugural was self-evident on april 9 , 1865 -- 150 years ago -- when confederate gen. robert e. lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28,000 troops to union general ulysses s. grant at appomattox courthouse . the historic meeting between grant and lee began with pleasantries about the weather and their mutual service in the mexican war .
five young men were arrested saturday in melbourne , australia , in what police called a major counterterrorism operation . two of the teens , 18 and 19 , have been released `` pending further inquiries , '' police said . the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week , prime minister tony abbott said saturday .
in january , president obama condemned the persecution of `` people who are lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender , '' becoming the first president to utter the word in a state of the union address . the may issue of vogue has a photo spread with transgender model andreja pejic .
the north korean defector calls the hollywood comedy ` vulgar ' . he admits he could n't even watch the whole film . yet he is still sending thousands of copies across the border from south to north korea in balloons , determined his people will see the movie in which the leader kim jong un is assassinated on screen .
a catholic reads the bible this week covers the book of genesis , chapters 1-11 . a week ago , i was worried i would n't have anything to write about . now , i do n't even know where to begin . the first step was choosing a bible . after four days of reading this week , my journal is full of observations and ideas .
conor mcdonnell is the self-taught photography star behind instagram 's most liked photo . the liverpool native has had a breakneck rise to success since his first instagram post in november 2011 , snapping the likes of drake , justin bieber , one direction , mumford & sons , snoop dogg , and red hot chili peppers .
the james webb space telescope -lrb- jwst -rrb- is intended as the successor to the hubble instrument that has been operating in space for 25 years . hubble has returned spectacular images during the past quarter century but also helped scientists discover that almost every galaxy has a massive black hole at its heart . but there are limits to how far it can see . now scientists are working on an alternative way to peer into the past and search space for signs of life with j
michael rapiejko ran his car into mario valencia in february as the suspect carried a rifle he had just fired in the air . valencia , who flew through this air , survived and faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree that day . his lawyer has said police used excessive force and could have killed a man who was obviously unstable .
jonty hurwitz , 45 , is an entrepreneur-turned-artist who has applied the same tech wizardry to sculpture that he put into coding a finance site valued at over $ 500 million . the resulting sculptures , he has also created a statue depicting the classical myth of cupid and psyche .
the 117 migrants , mostly from sub-saharan africa , arrived in the port of augusta , sicily , around 1p . m. tuesday , after being picked up by the tugboat off the coast of libya . the discarded coats , he said , would be thrown away .
thomas jefferson founded liberland on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be . tiny , 7 square-kilometer parcel of land marked on maps as gornja siga , its territory abuts the danube on the border between serbia and croatia . it is claimed by neither side effectively a no-man 's land .
sudan 's female companions , fatu and najin , live at the conservancy . they are under 24-hour protection by armed guards . rhinos are targeted by poachers , fueled by the belief in asia . experts say the rhino horn is becoming more lucrative than drugs .
 fireball is basically made from canadian whisky , aged in used bourbon barrels , flavored with sweetener and spicy cinnamon . retail sales more than doubled last year , and fireball has come seemingly out of nowhere to become the sixth-most popular liquor brand in the u.s. as measured by retail sales .
a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan on thursday , killing 17 people and wounding dozens more . an afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of khost was among the 64 people wounded , police said . no other organization has so far claimed responsibility .
the 4-month-old infant of the 17-year-old was taken to sunrise hospital and medical center in suburban las vegas . police arrested the teen mother on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm . a day later , a search warrant was served at the family 's home .
dzhokhar tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 boston marathon . the defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case on monday . tsarnaev fidgeted at the defense table as he has done throughout the trial .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , accused boston marathon bomber , faces life in prison or the death penalty . on monday , the jury saw a video of the moment a bomb exploded and disemboweled an 8-year-old boy and ripped the leg off his sister . at one point , prosecutors played a video that showed the scene after a bombing exploded -- blood and injured victims everywhere and the sounds of a child howling .
the incident in question took place early tuesday in southeastern andhra pradesh state . forest officials near the town of tirupati spotted hundreds of smugglers cutting trees for red sandalwood . the ensuing gun battle lasted more than three hours and 20 smugglers were shot . many of them came from the neighboring state of tamil nadu , he said .
video shows officer michael slager firing eight shots at 50-year-old walter scott as scott has his back to him and is running away . scott , who was unarmed , was struck five times . timeline of events . the fbi is investigating , and once again , a shooting involving police has sparked national outrage .
on august , walter scott in north charleston , south carolina , did the backlash and publicity of the ferguson shooting influence the handling of the incident ? it 's tough to say for sure , but here are some of the stark differences in the cases , the lessons learned by both police and the public , and concrete changes that could help mend tensions in the future .
angelo west , the gunman shot to death by officers , was black . after the shooting , community leaders in the predominantly african-american neighborhood of roxbury , where the shooting occurred , were quick to call for calm . still , they were glad to see the video released for the sake of transparency .
tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates , 73 , shot eric courtney harris after harris , a possibly pcp-addled felon who had days prior sold methamphetamine to an undercover officer . he warned his fellow deputies he was going to use a taser on the suspect , but instead , he fired a single gunshot -- and immediately apologized .
the voice of michael slager can be heard in both . the former north charleston police officer is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott . in the first recording , an unidentified officer talks to slager about what might happen . slager responds : `` it 's pumping , '' and then laughs .
video shows reserve deputy robert bates announcing he is going to deploy his taser after an undercover weapons sting on april 2 , but then shooting eric courtney harris in the back with a handgun . in a written statement , tulsa county district attorney stephen a. kunzweiler said bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence . it 's a felony charge that could land the volunteer deputy in prison for up to four years if he '
marana police chief terry rozema was asked wednesday on cnn 's new day whether police were fortunate that valencia did n't die . video of the incident , recorded february 19 by the dashboard cameras of two marana police cars , shows one of the cars running into a suspect with who had a rifle in the city about a half hour from tucson . the suspect , 36-year-old mario valencia , survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged
the attacks in durban killed two immigrants and three south africans , including a 14-year-old boy , authorities said . about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week because of the violence . in 2008 , scores were killed in attacks in the poorest areas of johannesburg .
the group of 105 people left libya on tuesday in a rubber boat . the boat was intercepted by an italian navy vessel , which transferred the passengers to a panamanian-flagged ship . more than 10,000 people have arrived on italian shores from libya since last weekend alone .
officer michael rapiejko was with the new york police department from 2003 to 2006 . two years after he left , he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who allegedly pointed a gun and threatened to shoot him and handcuffed . colon also sued two unnamed officers who arrived after the initial confrontation , court documents show .
damani terry , 2 , ran out into the street and was struck and killed by a gmc van . the distraught driver , archie brown jr. , 40 , immediately stopped and got out to tend to the boy . but it was too late , police said . that was not the end of the situation . soon , two more people would also die .
there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters . authorities do n't know the fate of many of the passengers , including children , who were on the large ship bound from libya to europe that capsized saturday night in the frigid waters of the mediterranean sea . that sinking may be the worst in a series of disasters in which migrants have lost their lives on vessels that are too rickety to survive long voyages .
protesters marched to a local police station that was protected by barricades . one man was arrested after crossing that barricade , but the protest was peaceful . many of the protesters clasped hands , and raised them in a show of support . mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said she understands where the protesters are coming from .
freddie gray wavered in and out of a coma and died sunday , one week after his arrest . it 's not clear how he suffered the spinal cord injury . but gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances after he was already in custody . police dispatch recordings include an officer saying white tried to grab my gun .
at least two people were taken into custody as protesters upset over the death of freddie gray scuffled thursday evening with police . tensions rose as demonstrators confronted police , several of whom shouted : `` back up ! '' . there were no other arrests and the protests -- on the whole -- were peaceful .
ebony dickens of east point , georgia , posted her facebook rant under the name tiffany milan . `` all black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting now , '' said the post made on monday . the post was removed a day later , just before dickens was arrested .
in 1942 , unguarded ss city of cairo was sunk by a german u-boat . carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver . the vessel went undiscovered until 2011 when deep ocean search decided to go looking for it . after a stop in brazil , two torpedos sank the ship in the atlantic .
a ticket at ringside will cost you $ 180,000 -- a knockout price which might have you seeing stars . the most expensive seat on sale through the stubhub website , was retailing for a mammoth $ 128,705 but has since skyrocketed . the cheapest priced ticket being offered on stubhub as of monday is $ 4,600 with that seat right at the back of the mgm grand arena .
the five-minute piece is urgently introduced with the promise that it will reveal ` what 's really happening in the more troubled neighborhoods of this majority black city ' . a similar claim was made after ferguson 's uprising in august of last year . it has been a toxic feature of the coverage of many episodes of mass metropolitan violence since the late 1980s .
jury selection started in january with 9,000 potential jurors . but the legal wrangling is the case is just revving up . holmes ' defense attorneys asked for a change of venue after the jury was seated tuesday . opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on april 27 .
robert boardwine 's friend , joyce bruce , had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant . she thought after she learned she was with child that they should just be friends . the court of appeals of virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth 's assisted conception statute . it agreed with a circuit court ruling that method of insemination did n't come from medical technology .
the 21-year-old golfer equaled tiger woods ' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par to realize his childhood ambitions of donning the green jacket . woods was 155 days younger that year and only the fifth man to have led from start to finish over the tournament 's four days .
denver teacher kyle schwartz passes out post-it notes to her third grade students and asks them to complete the sentence . many of the students she teaches at doull elementary just wish they had something in common with her . sometimes , their wishes bring tears to her eyes , and offer a glimpse of painful struggles in their young lives .
charlotte dujardin and valegro won their second consecutive reem acra fei world cup dressage title in las vegas at the weekend . their score of 94.196 narrowly missed their own world record in the sport , it was still a full 10 percentage points clear of any rival inside the thomas & mack arena .
the world 's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached las vegas for this week 's world cup finals . the venue is the thomas & mack center , a stone 's throw from the strip , which had the distinction of being opened by frank sinatra and diana ross in 1983 .
a japan railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour on an experimental track in yamanashi tuesday . it covered 1.8 kilometers -lrb- 1.1 miles -rrb- , during which it covered one.8 seconds traveling above 600km per hour . the train broke its own record from last thursday , when it ran at 590 km per hour , which was set in 2003 during another japanese maglev test .
anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls . the once-vibrant campus has gone from a place of safety and healing to one of uncertainty and worry . the public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera .
the university of nebraska at omaha is getting a new $ 81.6 million stadium for its hockey , basketball and volleyball teams . the foil-wrapped eats will make to fans was made evident when voodoo tacos owner eric newton demonstrated the power of the cannon for cnn affiliate ketv .
jody farley-berens saw the need firsthand when her childhood friend faced that situation . she helped start a nonprofit dedicated to assisting others in similar circumstances . since 2006 , singleton moms has provided practical , financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents in the phoenix area . do you know a hero ? nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015 .
almost one of every three miami-dade county residents living in poverty is under 18 , according to the department of regulatory and economic resources . many schools face high dropout rates , after-school programs are being eliminated and students are failing . those at-risk children are ones that chad bernstein is trying to help through his nonprofit , guitars over guns .
in 2003 , when massachusetts supreme court became the country 's first to legalize same-sex marriage , less than 30 % of religiously affiliated americans supported gays ' and lesbians ' right to wed. . by 2014 , that number had climbed to 47 % , according to a survey conducted by the public religion research institute . that 's more than the 45 % who said they opposed same- sex nuptials .
nepal is a popular place for israeli couples to have surrogate children . 10 to 15 surrogate mothers are due to give birth in the coming weeks . israel defense forces is sending 260 emergency responders to nepal . in the current chaos of kathmandu , he worries his surrogate mother .
the nature of the intelligence supporting the national intelligence service allegations was not immediately clear . north korea is one of the most closed societies in the world . according to shin , intelligence officials say kim is ruling in an impromptu manner . he considers those a challenge to his authority , the intelligence officials said .
california developed the infrastructure and system of legal rights it uses to distribute water at a time when the population was much smaller than it is today . this led to a system that all but encourages heavy water use in dry parts of the state , with little consistency in allocation or pricing and little disincentive to waste .
louis jordan , 37 , took his 35-foot sailboat out in late january and had n't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted by the houston express on his ship drifting in the atlantic ocean . frank jordan said he had worried about his son , who is an inexperienced sailor , but he held hope because his son had a good boat .
yong soo lee , 16 , was lured by a friend of hers to meet with an older japanese man . there , the girls were forced into sexual slavery , serving four to five soldiers every day for a year . lee suffered beatings and torture , was infected with a venereal disease . only the end of world war ii brought her relief .
the marriage apocalypse may be coming . talk to any millennial and you can envision an america virtually marriage-free , with everyone happily single . recently , i talked about marriage with a group of journalism students from my alma mater , kent state university . they came to me for career advice , which i gave them , but i also picked their brains about politics , religion and marriage .
the volcano has already erupted twice this week , spewing ash to a depth of about 23 1/2 inches -lrb- 60 centimeters -rrb- in some places . new advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12,000 feet . residents were being evacuated to port montt on 22 buses and military trucks .
anthony sideri hit rock bottom while wrapped in a dirty blanket on the floor of a jail infirmary bathroom in middleton , massachusetts . he was 25 , shivering , sweating , throwing up and going through the full withdrawals of heroin . that was july 22 , 2007 , the day his life changed forever .
the crash was n't visible from earth because it occurred on the far side of mercury . messenger -lrb- an acronym for mercury surface , space environment , geochemistry -rrb- was launched in 2004 and traveled more than 6 1/2 years before it started circling mercury . it traveled about 5 billion miles - a journey that included 15 trips around the sun . when scientists determined there was no way to save it , they held a briefing this month to celebrate the mission 's success .
isis documents are one of many official documents relating to matters such as vaccination schedules , fishing methods and rent disputes in the areas now controlled by isis . for isis sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law , even if the group is most often talked about for its barbaric punishment .
chief justice john roberts , who shocked conservatives with his swing vote to uphold obamacare , seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices . the arguments unfurled inside a packed courtroom on tuesday while supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rallied outside -- with one protester even interrupting the arguments from within .
the information came from two officials with the governor 's office in ibb province , where the school is located , as well as houthi sources from the rebel group that is fighting for control of the country . the school , which is about 500 meters -lrb- one-third of a mile -rrb- from the base , was not the main target .
hundreds of african migrants were caught between the libyan civil war . they had come to misrata from ghana , nigeria and elsewhere . had been pinned down under sporadic shelling from government forces . but were n't welcome by the rebels who controlled the city . they appealed to us to help them escape .
the calabrese regularly patrols the mediterranean off lampedusa . it has been the first point of entry to europe for tens of thousands of migrants from africa and the middle east . in recent years , its 12-man crew has joined italy 's effort to rescue migrants coming from . africa .
8 quake near the capital of kathmandu a day earlier flattened homes , buildings and temples , causing widespread damage across the region . residents stared at temples that were once part of their daily lives and now were reduced to nothing . the injured ended up being treated outside overflowing hospitals , where crowds of people gathered looking for relatives .
erica kinsman , a former florida state university student , has filed a lawsuit against the heisman trophy-winning quarterback , her lawyer said thursday . kinsman alleges sexual battery , false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress . he has said winston raped her in december 2012 .
the lawyer for a baltimore community activist whose arrest was broadcast live on cnn said thursday morning that his client had been released from jail . as viewers watched , joseph kent held his hands up and walked in front of a phalanx of police tuesday night after a citywide curfew had started . seconds later , several officers in riot gear rushed out of their line and arrested him , just as a humvee passed between the camera and the police , making social media churn
andrea swift , 57 , who years ago quit her job as a mutual fund marketing executive to raise swift and swift 's younger brother , austin , has joined her famous daughter on tour and in several of her videos . in a post on tumblr , the blogging platform , swift asked her mom to get screened for potential health issues , ` just to ease some worries of mine ' .
sarah brady , 73 , died of pneumonia friday , her family said . she was the chairwoman of the brady campaign to prevent gun violence from 2000 until she died . the loaded gun was much like the one used to shoot her husband . brady spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair , advocating against gun violence .
former deputy izzat ibrahim al-douri was the highest-ranking member of hussein 's regime to evade capture . he also was a man thought to have led the post-hussein sunni extremist group naqshbandi army . dna test results could be available in 48 hours .
president xi jinping and indian prime minister narendra modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world 's two most populous nations . when india successfully placed a spacecraft into orbit around mars last year , modi reveled in the moment . the success of our space program is a shining symbol of what we are capable of as a nation .
william ruto gave the united nations ' refugee agency three months to relocate refugees from the dadaab camp - the world 's largest -- to somalia . ruto is the second highest-ranking person in kenya 's government behind president uhuru kenyatta , said his government has had discussions with united nations officials about what to do with the camp .
guenter grass died in a clinic in the city of luebeck , where he was taken over the weekend , said steidl publishing spokeswoman claudia glenewinkel . grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide by exploring motifs from his childhood city of danzig , which is now gdansk , poland .
the bikram brand is in jeopardy , with some yoga studios dropping his name after the guru was accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students . choudhury repeatedly denied sexually assaulting anyone , saying he would never resort to physical aggression to have sex because he has so many offers .
in february , the ` smart bullets ' passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date , according to the defense advanced research projects agency . in the tests , an experienced marksman `` repeatedly hit moving and evading targets , '' a darpa statement said . in other words , now you do n't even have to be a good shot to hit the mark .
putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television . it is direct access to the russian leader , or at least as direct as most russians will ever get . in recent years , sitting in shiny studio surrounded by a hand-picked audience of soldiers , doctors , teachers , factory workers and so on .
the six protesters used ropes and harnesses monday to scale the huge platform in the pacific ocean . they tweeted images of their daunting climb as they went . shell did n't immediately respond to cnn 's request for comment late monday . but company spokeswoman kelly op de weegh said the boarding was illegal and jeopardized the safety of the activists and the crew .
the two nations have barely been on speaking terms - officially -- for more than 50 years . the meeting was so important that bernadette meehan , national security council spokesperson , issued a statement . key events of those years include some of the most traumatic in modern u.s. history , such as the cuban missile crisis , the bay of pigs and the mariel boatlift of 1980 .
the solar impulse 2 took off from abu dhabi on march 9 and has flown through oman , india , and myanmar . the plane needs near perfect weather conditions , including cross winds of less than 2,300 kilograms , about the same as a large suv . the aircraft has become piccard and borschberg 's raison d'etre .
police commissioner anthony batts said there are no excuses for the fact that gray was not buckled in as he was transported to a police station . five days after gray 's death and amid ongoing protests , police officials acknowledged mistakes were made during and after his arrest . gray , who was stopped april 12 after a foot pursuit through several housing complexes , should have received medical attention at the scene of his arrest , said deputy police commissioner kevin davis .
wang man , zheng churan , li tingting and wu rongrong were freed from the haidian detention center on the outskirts of beijing late monday . they were picked up by police in three different cities just before march 8 , the international women 's day . they had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation .
spacex launched a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon on a flight from cape canaveral , florida . that was the easy part . in a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time , the private space exploration company was unsuccessful .
paul nungesser was cleared of responsibility in emma sulkowicz 's 2013 rape claim . she started carrying a mattress around campus to protest the school 's handling of the complaint , saying she hoped to show how ` flawed ' the university disciplinary system is when it comes to sexual misconduct cases . both parties have spoken publicly about their experience .
the arrest and death of freddie gray in baltimore has sparked protests and accusations of police brutality . but it 's unclear how gray , who was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 , suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later . there are the big questions surrounding this controversial case .
the people of nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide . each day is a struggle in many parts of the country , but there is something you can do to make an impact . we have vetted a list of organizations working in nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts .
the u.s. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world 's oceans by boasting the most technologically advanced submarine fleet . however , officials say china and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces . and , the uk must rethink the role of manned submarines and prioritize new underwater detection techniques .
feidin santana recorded a roughly three-minute video of north charleston police officer michael slager shooting walter scott as scott was running away . slager was on the ground when he first came on the scene while walking to his job he saw slager on top of scott . he said he feared for his life , which almost kept him from revealing the recording .
the police officer who arrested the motorist is charged with beating him and the community 's police chief has stepped down . on monday , wayne county prosecutor kym worthy announced charges of assault and mistreatment of a prisoner against william melendez . on wednesday , drug charges against dent , 57 , were formally dropped in michigan circuit court .
boko haram has killed thousands in the nation 's northeast by attacking villages , schools , churches and mosques . it has also kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in april last year . militants have attacked relentlessly for six years , sending 192,000 people seeking shelter in cameroon , niger and chad .
protesters chanted ` out with dilma ' and ` time for change ' . police estimated 275,000 demonstrators marched in sao paulo . rousseff won re-election with just over 50 % of the votes in october . her approval rating plummeted to 13 % after protests began last month .
the taliban blew up ancient buddha statues in central afghanistan with dynamite . they decided to do so after an attempt at bringing down the 175-foot tall sculptures with anti-aircraft artillery had failed . sadly , the event was just the first in a series of atrocities that have robbed the world of some of its most prized cultural heritage . but historical architecture is also under threat from calamities which might well escape our control , such as earthquakes and climate change .
yuhei takashima , 64 , was arrested on wednesday over allegations he photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14 . photos were kept in more than 400 photo albums , he said . he said he began paying for sex with women in 1988 when he went to work . after the end of his three-year stint at the school in manila , he frequently returned to the philippines on vacations in order to buy sex .
video from north charleston 's michael slager shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and scott . slager approaches scott 's vehicle . the two men speak . scott tells the officer he does not have insurance and is in the process of purchasing the vehicle .
franklin county grand jury indicted nine members of a criminal syndicate that collaborated to promote or engage in the theft ... and illegal trafficking '' of liquor from two different kentucky distilleries . the nine named , two worked at buffalo trace and one worked at wild turkey . curtsinger and his wife , julie , each face eight charges for allegedly engaging in organized crime .
jon reiter was safe but shaken by the devastation . he told his wife , susan , about his putting one dead person in a sleeping bag and zipping it up . the indian army 's everest expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers from a base camp who had been preparing to scale the mountain .
obama met for an hour saturday with raul castro , the first time the two nations ' top leaders have sat down for substantive talks in more than 50 years . the meeting in a small conference room on the sidelines of the summit of the americas came as the two countries work to end the cold war enmity that had led to a total freeze of diplomatic ties . while both leaders proclaimed progress had been made , a key stumbling block -- cuba 's place on the u.
the third world happiness report released by the sustainable development solutions network for the united nations on april 23 . people who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support , experience more generosity . the tiny country of bhutan , a very happy country famous for measuring the ` gross national happiness ' of its people , gets the credit for focusing world attention on happiness .
walter scott is dressed in a dark suit . a few mourners trickled into the fielding home for funerals . charleston mayor joseph riley comes by to pay his respects and show support for the scott family . they are not at friday night 's visitation , the mayor says .
almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central mediterranean crossing from libya to italy . the flows reflect a significant increase in the number of refugees and internally displaced people across the world . the latest sinking has triggered some action in the european union , which has unveiled a new ten-point action plan .
the al-furqan media video shows two groups of men , one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black , being killed at different locations in libya . one group is beheaded on a beach along the mediterranean sea , while the other group is shot in southern libya , hundreds of miles away .
isis and al-shabaab aim to create societies governed by strict , distorted versions of sharia law . that means anyone who does n't subscribe to such extremist views are enemies and in danger -- christians included . of course , christians are n't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations . for example , most victims of isis are fellow muslims who refuse to go along with the isis worldview and ruthless tactics .
mohamed morsy , who became egypt 's first democratically elected president in june 2012 , was deposed by a popularly backed military coup in july 2013 . he stood trial with 14 co-defendants , including some of his presidential staff . he was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters .
virgin mary church was torched and looted by a mob . some chanted against coptic christians and called for egypt to become an ` islamic state ' . others attacked included st. george church in sohag , a city south of cairo . two minors were sentenced to 10 years in prison and fined 10,000 egyptian pounds .
the body of odin lloyd was found in an industrial park in north attleboro , massachusetts . the semipro football player for the boston bandits was 27 days after he was found dead . testimony in the case against hernandez began in january . inking a $ 40-million contract extension with the new england patriots .
edwin sabuhoro was a warden in rwanda 's volcanoes national park . he volunteered to disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla . the mission was successful and the culprits were put to prison . he decided to quit the job and come up with an idea to help poachers make a living .
a blonde-haired , blue-eyed savior when america was mostly anglo-protestant , at least in hollywood 's eyes . an androgynous , meek-and-mild messiah during the anything-goes 1970s . flip through the channels on a day millions of western christians celebrated the resurrection of their savior .
s obsidian is a type of volcanic glass which can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels . at 30 angstroms , a unit of measurement equal to one hundred millionth of a centimeter -- an obsidian scalpel can rival diamond in the fineness of its edge .
hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate record store day , an annual celebration of , well , your neighborhood record store . many stores will host live performances , drawings , book signings , special sales of rare or autographed vinyl and other happenings . some will even serve beer . to their diehard customers , these places are more than mere stores : they are cultural institutions that celebrate music history .
the photographers tend to be anonymous , it 's easy to imagine their work done by the director or cinematographer . their images are often lumped in with the promotional machinery : whether documenting the stars frolicking on set or getting down to business . haas , one of the 20th century 's great photojournalists and image-makers -- an early member of the great magnum photos cooperative who was famous enough in his prime to have been the subject of a museum of modern art exhibit
the judge granted robert bates permission to go to the bahamas for a family vacation . the decision prompted a response from the family of eric harris , the man bates killed . at a time when we are still mourning the death of a loved one that he shot down in the street , mr. bates will be relaxing and enjoying his wealth and privilege .
fatu kekula , 23 , was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in liberia when ebola struck and her mother , father , sister and cousin came down with the disease . she has asked for special training on certain skills , such as caring for burns , a common type of injury because children sometimes fall into the open fires used for cooking .
ben , now 34 , and shelby offrink , 30 , were married and raising little maeve , 3 , and baby hazel , 3 months , in caledonia , michigan , when life suddenly turns upside down . after a second spot above the first grew worse and the area was treated with oral chemo and radiation .
the cleveland clinic was an early trendsetter . in 2010 , it introduced new gowns after being prompted by the ceo , who often heard patient complaints when he was a practicing heart surgeon . the prominent academic medical center ultimately sought the help of fashion icon diane von furstenberg , settling on a reversible gown with a front and back v-neck , complete derriere coverage .
at least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them . mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said she was profoundly disappointed by the violence . twelve people were arrested , police commissioner anthony batts said . vandals broke and damaged storefront windows and trashed one 7-eleven .
swiss physicist jean-pierre wolf is working on yet another impressive addition to that list : using focused laser beams to affect the weather . it sounds like black magic , but it 's actually a cleaner version of cloud seeding , a form of weather modification that has been used for several years .
isis released more than 200 yazidis , a minority group whose members were killed , captured and displaced when the islamist terror organization overtook their towns last summer . most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly , said rassol omar , a commander in the peshmerga force that defended northern iraq 's semi-autonomous kurdish region .
randy zelin defended his client , dr. anthony moschetto , who faces criminal solicitation , conspiracy , burglary , arson , criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on long island . he was released after posting $ 2 million bond and surrendering his passport .
sanjay gupta helped doctors at bir hospital in kathmandu perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room on a young patient . she is selena dohal , 8 , and her skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood , two and a half hours from the nepalese capital . blood has collected on top of her brain , in the right frontal area , and she urgently needs surgery to remove the clots .
jackson gordon has a full suit of armor plating , cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife . gordon says his calling came five years ago when he began experimenting with cosplay . in september 2014 he bit the bullet , deciding `` to do another one that would n't inhibit my mobility and would actually provide protection and function more like batman 's actual suit .
at least 25 people have been detained since january , a sign that complicated , manpower-intensive investigations begun when isis started seizing swaths of territory a year ago are finally being completed . but they also highlight the challenges that isis poses in comparison with al qaeda , which has attracted fewer u.s.-based recruits .
the magnitude-7 .8 earthquake has killed more than 1,800 people , and the death toll is expected to rise . the international federation of red cross and red crescent societies said its volunteers and staff were aiding rescue efforts . the red cross opened a blood bank in kathmandu . reports indicated hospitals were overflowing with patients and suffering from shortages .
up to 1,700 bodies may be recovered in newly liberated tikrit . a total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered . the national anthem was played while soldiers wept . the remains will be sent back to baghdad for dna tests to establish identify .
the man , rishi khanal , was saved after a french search and rescue team found him under the rubble on the outskirts of kathmandu , nepal . it took about 10 more hours for the french team and police officers to dig him out . he had just undergone surgery and was resting , surrounded by family and friends .
mary jane veloso was arrested in 2010 after a flight from malaysia to indonesia when $ 500,000 worth of heroin was discovered in the lining of her luggage . supporters , including the filipino advocacy group migrante , and her lawyers claim the young mother was the victim of human trafficking . veloso 's family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison on so-called ` execution island ' when a philippine tv crew flagged their bus down
more than 100 people were arrested in new york during a ` nyc rise up & shut it down with baltimore ' rally wednesday night . and denver police arrested 11 people for charges such as assaulting a police officer , robbery , resisting police , disobedience to lawful orders and obstructing roadways .
denver police report nine arrests in wednesday 's demonstrations . charges include assault of a police officer , robbery , resisting police , disobedience to lawful orders , obstructing roadways , and interference . on wednesday night , several hundred people streamed into union square for an ` nyc rise up & shut it down with baltimore ' rally .
zuriel oduwole was born in california to a nigerian father and a mauritian mother . she already has four documentaries under her belt . it all started three years ago when she entered a school documentary-making competition with a film about the ghana revolution .
l'hermione , with three sail masts and bright royal blue and gold markings , is a painstaking replica of an 18th century french frigate . it set sail in france on saturday for virginia to retrace a journey through american history . in 1780 , the original hermione was assigned to a french nobleman , who fought as a general in george washington 's army against the british .
more than 4,400 dead , 8,000 injured and 8 million people across nepal affected , numerous aid groups and at least 16 nations have rushed to send supplies and workers to the stricken country . but now the nepalese government and army who are leading the disaster response face another problem : how to effectively coordinate and organize the massive influx of humanitarian aid .
the fbi said friday that it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the videotaped beating of a suspect in san bernardino . the suspect allegedly fled by car , foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him . earlier friday , san bbernardino sheriff john mcmahon said criminal investigations have begun into the actions of deputies as well as the suspect .
the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students . families say underlying problems that led to the sinking of the sewol are far from resolved . divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions , and the south korean ferry remains on the bottom of the sea floor .
maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the federated states of micronesia , according to the u.s. joint typhoon warning center . its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the philippine island of luzon on sunday , though the country 's residents could start feeling its effects days before . that could interrupt the easter celebration for many in the predominantly catholic nation , which may be socked by heavy rains and
katie donovan , a pulmonologist at the university of kentucky , was a little girl , had lectured her many times that face-to-face meetings with other cf patients . in their online conversations , one of the first things dalton told katie about himself was that he had burkholderia cepacia , a horribly dangerous infection for people with cf .
the exodus of christians from iraq started prior to isis in the mid-2000s took an especially heavy toll . today , most iraqi christians live in kurdish areas in the north , which have been a relative haven of stability . the kurds have been taking heavy losses to defend christian and yezidi minorities against isis .
two african-american candidates won their wards tuesday night to make the six-member city council 50 % black . ferguson 's population of about 21,000 is 70 % black , but the city council was predominantly white . supporters of both candidates said that from the tragedy of a young black man 's death , a new day dawned in ferguson .
the pope said at a mass at st. peter 's basilica to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the armenian massacres . his use of the term genocide -- even though he was quoting from the declaration -- upset turkey . earlier , turkey summoned the ambassador from the vatican for a meeting .
north charleston police officer michael slager , 33 , was charged tuesday with first-degree murder after firing eight shots at scott , killing him . slager is a father to two stepchildren , and his wife is eight months ' pregnant . the video , taken by a passer-by , does n't show any vehicle . rather , slager and scott are on a path or roadway in a parklike setting bordered partly by a chain-link fence .
noelle velentzas , 28 , and her former roommate , 31-year-old asia siddiqui , were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the united states . the complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism . one day , velent zas pulled a knife from her bra and showed the woman what do with it if attacked .
the nationwide recall is voluntary . so far , no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported . the potential for contamination was discovered when a routine , random sample collected at a michigan store on march 30 tested positive for listeria monocytogenes . anyone who has purchased any of the items is urged to dispose of or return it to the store for a full refund .
the london-based syrian observatory for human rights says isis and the al qaeda-affiliated al-nusra front took control of 90 % of the camp in southern damascus . the unrwa estimates 18,000 civilians remain trapped in the camp that has been engulfed in fighting between the government and rebel forces since december 2012 .
at least 10 iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks , according to faleh al-essawi , the deputy head of iraq 's anbar provincial council . the northern ramadi districts of albu faraj , albu essa and albu risha were in the hands of isis by the time the day was done . located about 70 miles -lrb- 110 kilometers -rrb- west of baghdad , ramadi has seen intense and persistent fighting
cnn senior international correspondent arwa damon saw a large mechanical digger packed with explosives that iraqi forces had to disarm . troops were cautious when they entered buildings in case they were wired to explode . plumes of smoke rose from burning buildings in the background . near former saddam hussein 's presidential palaces compound .
the new york post published an item titled ` lena dunham backs hillary for president ' while gossip site tmz refers to the former flotus , u.s. senator , and secretary of state on a first-name basis throughout its news story . even the new republic posted a piece about the run called ` there 's nothing inevitable about hillary ' .
at least three people were shot in separate incidents in ferguson , missouri , on late tuesday and early wednesday as hundreds of demonstrators gathered in support of protests in baltimore . there is a suspect in custody in the latter case : a 20-year-old male from st. louis county .
walter scott was the father of four children and served in the coast guard before being honorably discharged . his brother anthony scott told cnn 's don lemon . the north charleston police officer pulled scott over , reportedly for a faulty brake light . scott owed over $ 18,000 in back payments for two children .
the u.n. security council met late saturday morning to discuss the situation in the arabian peninsula nation , where shiite rebels are pitted against external arab air forces and fighters loyal to yemen 's displaced sunni president . a pause was needed especially in and near the southern yemeni port city of aden , where intense fighting has happened in the past two weeks .
al-shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years in the region mostly targeting christians . many of the math and science teachers in this area are christian . it was the group 's deadliest attack to date . the gunmen would have driven down the road past the ibnu-siina school .
the 40-year-old ulsterman announced he would retire if he won the grand national for the second time in his career . aspell won last year 's grand national too , making him the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses .
a federal jury convicted the four in october after a lengthy trial that saw some 30 witnesses travel from iraq to testify against the security contractors . prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashed ` powerful sniper fire , machine guns and grenade launchers on innocent men , women and children ' . the jury convicted liberty of eight counts of voluntary manslaughter , 12 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense .
an unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the capitol early saturday afternoon and shot himself . witnesses said dozens of shocked onlookers watched , including some young children . the unidentified shooter had a backpack and a rolling suitcase that authorities treated as suspicious packages , prompting the lockdown as they were investigated .
documentary producers hired a lockheed c-130 hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high , open a cargo door at the rear of the plane and parachute them out . the film makes it appear as if another plane -- a c-17 globemaster iii -- drops the cars .
the passengers were mostly indian nationals , plus yemenis and people from other countries who had been working in yemen 's capital , sanaa . they sprinted or walked with deliberation to the airplanes . the stress of living in a war zone showed on the passengers ' faces . nobody wanted to be left behind .
four al-shabaab attackers , dressed head to toe in black , still clutching their ak-47s , remained where they fell , their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets . investigators marked the locations of students ' bodies with numbered tags before red cross workers came in to send them off to morgues .
the plus-size clothing retailer has launched an ad campaign for its cacique line titled #imnoangel . the campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at victoria 's secret and its very popular angels line , which caters to smaller women . it is under increasing pressure from consumers to offer larger sizes .
a grand jury in dallas county , texas , decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of jason harrison , a schizophrenic man whose mother had called police for help getting him to the hospital . the incident occurred in june , and harrison 's family filed a lawsuit in november .
nasa chief scientist ellen stofan said tuesday during a panel discussion on water in the universe . she said scientists have found evidence or indications of water on a number of celestial bodies , including the dwarf planet ceres and jupiter 's moon europa . the hubble space telescope has been key to the discoveries .
the dreamworks film centered on the cast of a canceled space tv show . tv land 's ` younger ' renewed for second season . the film 's scribe robert gordon is expected to write the tv version . ` the voice ' coaches ceelo green , gwen stefani and usher to return .
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of japan 's equivalent to the white house on wednesday . the discovery came on the same day a japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the sendai nuclear power plant in kagoshima prefecture . dozens of police investigators were dispatched to the roof to investigate the origin of the drone .
new york 's iconic statue of liberty and liberty island will reopen to the public saturday -- one day after a bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded . the nypd bomb squad examined a locker thought to contain a suspicious package and found it was empty . other lockers checked as a precautionary measure , the law enforcement source said .
low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis , and low-wage jobs remain a fixture of the new economy . nearly 60 % of the people in america 's workforce are paid hourly and work part-time . tackling this growing trend is complex . but there is a simple step we can take to improve the conditions of low-income workers today .
new south china mall opened to the public in 2005 in dongguan in the south of the country . goal was to attract 100,000 visitors a day with an array of entertainment , shops and eateries . outside the mall , a giant egyptian sphinx and a replica of the arc de triomphe were erected alongside fountains and canals complete with venetian gondolas .
patrick cherry , an nypd detective assigned to the fbi 's joint terrorism task force with top-secret security clearance , faces suspension , reassignment or loss of his clearance . the altercation began monday when the uber driver gestured to a detective in an unmarked car to use his blinker after he was allegedly attempting to park without using it .
brian rogers and caitlin mcguire started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010 . when colorado became the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana , they saw a once-in-a-lifetime business opportunity . when the new legislation took effect on january 1 , 2014 , they could then sell to any of the 30,000-plus tourists -lrb- 21 years or older -rrb- who visited the town during peak season
brynn duncan , 21 , is back at home in easley , south carolina . her labradoodle , moose , starts alerting , licking her hands frantically . on that particular day in march , multiple epipens did n't slow the reaction . when she asked for her security blanket , they knew to hand her smartphone .
protesters have called for the president to be impeached . there are a number of issues at play . rousseff won re-election with just over 50 % of valid votes in october . inflation is stubbornly high , and the currency has lost more than 20 % of its value against the dollar this year alone .
the attack at a university in garissa killed 147 people , mostly students . they were students and dreamers , pursuing their ambition for a better life . on tuesday night , kenyans remembered them as innocent victims of a terrorist attack that stunned a nation and left communities heartbroken . they talked about aspiring lawyers , doctors and teachers .
president joko widodo has made it clear he intends to show no mercy toward those found guilty of such crimes . the tough stance casts a further pall on two australian drug smugglers , part of the so-called ` bali nine ' . they are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad after an indonesian court rejected a last ditch effort to gain clemency from widodo on monday . april marks a decade on death row for andrew ch
more than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence . more than 880,000 people are staying with host communities with little access to humanitarian support . the april 14 kidnappings at a girls school in chibok by the islamist group boko haram is only one of endless tragedies being replicated on an epic scale across nigeria and the region .
military trainers bouncing between multi-million dollar , high security bases , on black hawks , miles from the front line . but it is how washington wants this to be . and even though the departure of american troops will be fractionally slower , they will all be inside the u.s. embassy by the end of next year .
the company 's tagline says it all : ` feeling without touching ' . changes in air pressure are perceived as suspended tactile surfaces . this already sounds quite intriguing , but paired with another rising technology it has the potential to become a game changer . but even though it is incredibly convincing , virtual reality completely bypasses the sense of touch .
the massive tech company is known for its impish april fools ' day pranks , and google maps has been at the center of a few , including a pokemon challenge and a treasure map . this year the company was a day early to the party , rolling out the pac-man game tuesday .
aaron hernandez is known for his swagger . should he act any differently when he 's on trial for murder ? when the once rising star for the new england patriots walks into court each day with what appears to be an air of confidence -- or is it bravado ?
daniel burke , the religion editor at cnn.com , suggested i read the bible each day for a year and chronicle it weekly for belief . burke said she was surprised and a little scared at the prospect . she decided to finally take the plunge in the middle of holy week .
mao zedong 's ` little red book ' was required reading during china 's cultural revolution in the 1960s and 70s . china has updated the practice for the digital age - launching a smartphone app starring its current leader , president xi jinping . the app aims to `rouse enthusiasm ' for socialist ideologies .
stan freberg died of natural causes at a santa monica hospital , his son and daughter , donavan and donna freberg , confirmed to the hollywood reporter . the godfather of humorous and irreverent commercials , freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a ` guerilla satirist ' .
cynthia cheroitich went into a closet , covering herself with clothes . her roommates hid under their beds , until the gunmen called them out . the 19-year-old student at kenya 's garissa university college did n't see what happened next , but she heard more than enough .
the law unleashed an intense backlash against indiana , led by tech giants like apple and salesforce and sports organizations like the ncaa , amid concerns it would allow businesses to turn away gay and lesbian customers . santorum , the former republican senator from pennsylvania , is likely to mount another presidential campaign in 2016 .
joni mitchell was found unconscious in her home tuesday afternoon . she regained consciousness on the ambulance ride to an l.a. area hospital . some of mitchell 's best-known songs are `` big yellow taxi , '' `` help me '' and `` free man in paris , '' but she has penned hits for other artists too .
mount everest is part of the himalaya mountain range on the border between nepal and the tibet region . the 34-member team plans to depart for kathmandu on saturday and start the ascent in mid-may . more than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the peak , part of a unesco world heritage site .
netanyahu has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with iran . he took his case to the u.s. congress last month , at a time before negotiators had hammered out any sort of agreement . there 's never been any dispute about his take , but the prime minister has sharpened his rhetoric in recent days .
the ship left tampa , florida , on march 29 on a 14-day southern caribbean cruise . it 's currently in san juan , puerto rico . the cleaning staff on the ship had discovered the deceased passengers after knocking on the cabin 's door . the hotel was immediately secured , and authorities were notified .
president hassan rouhani said his government kept its word to iranians when negotiating the framework deal , which was agreed upon thursday and sets parameters for talks that could lead to a comprehensive deal by a june 30 deadline . chief among them is that iran would keep at least some centrifuges and no longer face international sanctions .
storms will soak illinois and missouri , and wind and hail will continue to be moderate in those states . by thursday afternoon , storms will hit parts of indiana and kentucky . earlier this week , severe weather struck the south . alabama , arkansas , oklahoma and georgia reported large hail .
storms will soak illinois and missouri , and wind and hail will continue to be moderate in those states . by thursday afternoon , storms will hit parts of indiana and kentucky . earlier this week , severe weather struck the south . alabama , arkansas , oklahoma and georgia reported large hail .
sierra sharry and lane smith were just about to become parents . but then smith fell and hit his head . sharry was taken to the ou medical center in oklahoma city . his son taos arrived a few weeks later . when it was time for his 6-month pictures , sharry had a special request .
kenya 's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over . but the blood of 147 people slaughtered and 79 more injured , when al-shabaab opened fire at a college campus in garissa on thursday , has them debating them with renewed vigor . many kenyans had believed that security improved enough since the westgate mall under siege for four days in september 2013 .
the man on the phone was offering us young children with the casualness of a market trader . after a week of back and forth phone calls , his initial caginess had given way to greed . he 'd heard my foreign accent and clearly decided i would pay more than the domestic rate . we 'd been put in touch with the man through a contact on the ground .
regina agyare 's first visit to see the girls was in january 2014 . this was supposed to be a one-off seminar as part of her mentorship initiative ` tech needs girls ' . the non-muslim area in a largely christian nation , nima has one of the densest populations in accra .
indiana gov. mike pence is an invitation for businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians using religion as a cover . the issue drives a wedge because , well , the debate over religious freedom and gay rights is always heated , but also because the interpretations and motives behind the law can be questioned .
attorney alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire jeffrey epstein . buckingham palace denied the allegations , which surfaced in a court filing in january . in his decision , u.s. district court judge kenneth marra denied a motion by the alleged victims . marra wrote in the decision that the ` lurid details ' of alleged abuse were unnecessary to determining whether the victims could join the lawsuit .
the dalniy vostok freezer trawler was carrying 132 people . of the people on board , 78 were foreign nationals from myanmar , ukraine , lithuania and vanuatu . the most likely cause of the shipwreck was collision with an obstacle which damaged the hull .
the deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on iran 's nuclear program has come and gone with no deal . if your glass is half-full or half-empty , it does n't change the fact that it 's not easy to reach resolutions on complex issues involving nuclear physics and international relations .
plane 's flight guidance software could take over and plot a course to a safe altitude . in cars , these avoidance systems sometimes deploy brakes or slow a car down to a safer speed , and help maintain safe distances from other vehicles . the idea is not new . in fact , more than 10 years ago , airbus , the manufacturer of the doomed aircraft , was working to d evelop aircraft crash avoidance software with tech giant honeywell .
indiana 's controversial religious freedom law has been in hot water lately . gov. mike pence said the state will ` fix ' the religious freedom restoration act , or rfra , so it will not discriminate against gays and lesbians . pence is making the right call . promoting the false dichotomy between protecting religion versus protecting equality serves no one .
in light of the tragic massacre of christian college students in kenya on thursday , and the ongoing threat against christians in other nations . this holy week we are calling upon christians to also reflect upon the crucifixion , beheading , stoning , enforced slavery , sexual abuse , harassment , bombing and displacement of hundreds of thousands of christians .
muhammadu buhari , 72 , won nigeria 's presidential election , beating incumbent goodluck jonathan by about two million votes . it is also one of africa 's largest oil producers and is a major supplier of crude oil to the united states . this is n't buhari 's first time leading nigeria -- but it 's his first time in nearly 30 years .
the final film from the late paul walker is expected to gross $ 115 million or more when opening at the north american box office this weekend . the top showing ever for an april title , not accounting for inflation.domestically , it is getting the widest release in universal 's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003 . anything north of 4,000 is usually reserved for summer tentpoles and year-end titles . overseas , the movie is also poised to do
governor jerry brown imposed mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents , businesses and farms . the 25 % cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water . the reduction in water use does not apply to the agriculture industry , except for the requirement that it report more information on its groundwater use .
isaiah 58.6 tells us this is the kind of fast day i 'm after : to break the chains of injustice , get rid of exploitation in the workplace , free the oppressed , cancel debts . the mcdonald 's announcement that the company is going to raise wages for 90,000 of its employees is a significant victory for fast-food cooks and cashiers .
iranians waved flags from their sunroofs and chatted online with the hashtag #irantalks . excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the united states and other world powers that promises to end iran 's international isolation under years of crippling sanctions . just before midnight on thursday , vali asr street , one of tehran 's main thoroughfares , turned into something like a block party .
the life-size bronze statue in celoron , new york , has been likened to conway twitty , the snake from `` beetlejuice '' and actor steve buscemi . even mayor scott schrecengost has gone on record saying he does not care for the statue .
dilkhayot kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men -- abdurasul hasanovich juraboev , akhror saidakhmetov , and abror habibov -- were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization . those three have pleaded not guilty .
the third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch . the moon slipped fully into earth 's shadow at 4:58 a.m. pacific time . the celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before . during and after the total eclipse , giving the moon the appearance that earns total eclipses the ` blood moon ' nickname . watchers in the eastern half of north america caught only a partial eclipse -- and in some places , an
the election could result in the handing of power from david cameron 's conservative government to the labour party . but that 's all to come when polls close late thursday evening , local time . very strict rules govern the reporting of uk elections , but until they kick in , here are some things you should know .
dozens of cities across turkey lost power for hours on tuesday . millions of people were affected , including passengers stranded on paralyzed trains and subways . the energy minister suggested a possible failure in transmission lines . the mysterious collapse of much of the country 's energy grid triggered a burst of wild conspiracy theories across social media .
the exchanges were discovered during a u.s. justice department investigation of racial prejudice in the city 's police and judicial system . the emails make offensive references to president barack obama , first lady michelle obama as well as muslims and minorities . police capt. rick henke and sgt. william mudd resigned early last month after the emails were discovered .
the 47-year-old grandson of j. paul getty died tuesday afternoon in his home in los angeles , according to a statement from his mother and father . ann and gordon getty also requested that members of the media and the public respect -lrb- the family 's -rrb- privacy during this extremely difficult time , ' the statement added .
the latest report shows that he sped up the descent of the plane to its doom . it 's terrifying . as the investigation unfolds , we will learn more about to what extent lubitz kept his mental illness secret . how much did his battle with depression affect his fitness to fly ? should he have walked away from his job ? should his doctors have sounded alarm bells ?
the 30-year-old prince visited the australian war memorial in canberra . he will be spending four weeks with the country 's military before reporting for duty . during his time down under , harry ` will work and live alongside colleagues in australia in a number of regiments in sydney , darwin and perth ' .
kamron taylor , 23 , jumped a correctional officer at kankakee 's jerome combs detention center , then took off with the guard 's uniform and suv . surveillance video was the last officials saw of taylor until just before midnight friday , in chicago .
kenya launched airstrikes targeting the terror group in somalia . it is customary for kenyan military sources not to give their names to media . the operation has been ongoing , according to a local journalist . al-shabaab , an al qaeda-linked militant group , has claimed responsibility .
the two were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas , including breakfast pizzas and gluten-free options , in stores across nichols , west of green bay . but all that was threatened this week when people began mistaking them for memories pizza of walkerton , indiana , which made national headlines .
two bundaberg residents , a 71-year old man and a 64-year-old woman , were each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm . the woman , a licensed trainer , was also charged with obstructing police . the animal rights organization is assisting queensland police in their investigation .
the flight data recorder , or ` black box , ' was found thursday by recovery teams that have spent days since the march 24 crash . the pilot modified the autopilot setting to increase the speed of the -lrb- airplane -rrb- in descent . evidence from the plane 's cockpit voice recorder , recovered swiftly after the crash .
the 30-year-old prince is due to arrive monday in australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces there . harry will work alongside colleagues in the australian army in a number of regiments in sydney , darwin and perth . the younger son of prince charles and princess diana , harry is known in the british army as ` captain harry wales ' .
the 25-year-old died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge . his death sparked widespread outrage toward the baltimore police department . many have demanded answers about what happened to gray and his funeral drew civil rights leaders , politicians , and relatives of others who died in custody .
the remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the university of veterinary medicine vienna -lrb- vetmeduni -rrb- . they were exploring the construction site for a shopping center in the city of tulln in 2006-2007 . the skeleton was at first suspected to be a large horse or cattle .
two corrections officers and one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate who was getting out of prison . an fbi informant met the men , thomas jordan driver , 25 ; david elliot moran , 47 ; and charles thomas newcomb , 42 , after infiltrating a branch of the kkk .
the success of that agreement remains to be seen . the parties have until the end to june to work out the details and put the plan to paper . but the talks this week were , nevertheless , historic , particularly for the otherwise frozen u.s.-iranian relationship . in fact , the negotiations this week provided a modern demonstration of diplomacy at its best , but also at its most hectic .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on the cnn student news roll call . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the . cnn students news .
the national guard used highly militarized words such as ` enemy forces ' and ` adversaries ' to refer to protesters . the guard came to ferguson to support law enforcement officers , whom many community leaders and civil rights activists accused of using excessive force . they broke out after the august 9 shooting of unarmed black teenager michael brown by city police officer darren wilson . a grand jury declined to indict wilson in the case .
the intelligence-sharing deal was announced in an interview released monday that bishop gave to the australian broadcasting corporation while in tehran . australia is part of the u.s.-led coalition that 's carrying out airstrikes against isis . the coalition has found its interests aligned at times with those of iran , a shiite-majority nation that has strong ties with the iraqi government .
a 110-day cat-and-mouse chase spanning from antarctic waters to the coast of west africa had an unlikely end when the crew of an alleged poaching vessel were rescued . environmentalist group sea shepherd had been tailing the thunder for suspected fraud and fisheries-related crimes since its ship the bob barker encountered it in the southern ocean several months ago . the pursuit ended early monday in the gulf of guinea .
the attack follows a separate incident sunday in which three african union troops died in an ambush in the lower shabelle region of somalia . the terrorist group al-shabaab claimed responsibility for monday 's attack , which occurred about 8 a.m. in the administrative capital of the autonomous puntland region . four of the victims were foreigners and two were somalis .
jason zobott is enrolled in huntley high 's blended learning program , which merges internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting . one-third of the school 's 2,700 students are enrolled . in 2015 , the school is working toward enrolling the majority of its students .
charlie hill , now 65 , has provided refuge for hill from facing charges that he killed a new mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner to havana . he decided to give cnn an interview after we 'd spent two years trying to reach him . before talking more , hill finishes his plastic glass of beer and takes a final draw on his stub of a cigarette .
misao okawa passed away wednesday morning in osaka , japan , tadahi uchimura . she left behind three children , four grandchildren and six great grandchildren . her family ran a kimono shop in satoshi yoshioka , an employee at the nursing home where she had lived since 1997 .
the pontiff lamented the suffering of people in the conflicts currently making headlines and called for violence everywhere to end . foremost , he asked that bloodshed end in iraq and syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need . then he turned to the holy land , expressing the wish that the peace process between israelis and palestinians resume .
duke officials have asked anyone with information about the rope noose . photos of the noose prompted outrage from the community as they were passed along on social media . last month a fraternity at the university of oklahoma had its charter removed after a video surfaced showing members using the n-word and referring to lynching in a chant .
muhanad mahmoud al farekh , 29 , was deported from pakistan to the united states on thursday . he 's accused of plotting to fight against american forces abroad . the women , identified as noelle velentzas , 28 , and asia siddiqui , 31 , were arrested in a plot inspired by the terrorist group isis .
most students slept in their beds . a few had woken up to head to early morning christian prayers . then the terror began . it started with an explosion and gunshots around 5:30 p.m. et wednesday . the attackers continued to fire as they stalked through campus . at one point , they burst into a room where christians had gathered .
the clash occurred wednesday night at the border in southwestern saudi arabia 's asir region , when militants in a mountainous area on the yemeni side fired on saudi border troops . besides the slain border guard -- identified as cpl. salman ali yahya al-maliki -- 10 others suffered injuries that were not life-threatening . houthis now control most large districts in aden amid ongoing clashes .
ellanora arthur baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years , according to her attorney , andrew spinnell . he and his client have n't been able to find victor sena blood-dzraku to serve him the papers . after exhausting other ways of serving the papers , he filed an application asking for ` service by alternate means ' .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on the cnn student news , roll call . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on cnn college news .
labour and conservatives combined took 97 % of the vote between them . but nowadays they struggle to collect two-thirds of the national vote . ed miliband of labour , nick clegg of the liberal democrats , nigel farage of the uk independence party , natalie bennett of the green party .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be on cnn student news roll call . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn students roll call , the weekly newsquiz .
the al marmoum camel race in dubai is the only gulf national in the cnn team . but despite attempts to dress in a kandora , a uae national dress , my modern outlook on life means i am a total outsider in this world . the conversation is all about camels , famous old champions , training methods , bad losers and potential winners .
nigerian government and rest of the world have allowed this to happen ? 365 days have passed since the girls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in chibok , northeastern nigeria . many of them have is their hope that their girls will one day return .
italian physician dr. sergio canavero says we are approaching heaven -lrb- an acronym for head anastomosis venture -rrb- . the pieces are coming together but there are still many hurdles to jump . the 30-year-old russian man suffers from a rare genetic disorder called werdnig-hoffman disease .
gregory margolin was a sniper who rose to be a commander in the army . his old uniform is still adorned with medals from his time in the military . his granddaughter liora still marvels at his stories from the war . his eyes slowly shift back and forth as he seeks the right word .
yemen-based al qaeda in the arabian peninsula offers the reward for the death or capture of houthi leader abdelmalik bedrudin al-houthi and former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh . aqap is one of several factions fighting to control yemen .
the attack began when two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the two-story building housing the ministry of education , culture & higher education . five gunmen then entered the building , and later , somali special forces battled the gunmen inside . the attack killed four somali soldiers and eight civilians .
wladimir klitschko is the reigning ibf , wba , wbo and ibo champion . the 43-year-old has led the ukrainian democratic alliance for reform since 2010 . tensions in the former soviet state remain high despite a ceasefire agreed in february as europe .
anthony ray hinton , 58 , was convicted of killing two men in 2002 . the state decided to dismiss the charges against him after a new trial was ordered in 2014 when firearms experts testified that the revolver hinton was said to have used could n't be matched to other evidence in the case .
the scandinavian nation is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely . that does n't mean that norwegians will be left with radio silence . on fm , there are four times that number . half the country already listens that way , said culture minister thorhild widvey .
o.c. marsh first named the brontosaurus in 1879 , after he received 25 crates of bones discovered at como bluff , wyoming , according to the yale peabody museum of natural history . similar to , though not as large as the apatosaurus discovered a couple of years prior .
doug hughes wrote about his intentions and reasons behind them on a website called thedemocracyclub.org . the 61-year-old florida postal carrier wrote in an online post titled ` your pilot ' . the letter is intended to persuade the guardians of the capitol that i am not a threat and that shooting me down will be a bigger headache than letting me deliver these letters to congress .
the incident took place on february 14 and involved professional sailors breno osthoff , 20 , and rafael de almeida sampaio , 35 . the impact was so great the boat was forced onto its side . the city hosts the games ' rowing and canoe competitions .
anthony stokes carjacking someone , burglarizing a home , shooting at an elderly woman , leading police on a high speed chase and then dying after his car hit a pole . in 2013 , the teen 's family told media that an atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery due to what the hospital described in a letter as stokes ' `` history of non-compliance '' . at the time , mark bell was acting as a stokes family spokesman . about a week after
the special forces were on the ground in noncombat roles ` coordinating and guiding ' the battle against houthi forces and fighters loyal to former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh . they also have helped parachute in weapons and communications equipment . houthis had controlled most large districts in aden amid ongoing clashes .
dan swangard was diagnosed in 2013 with a rare form of metastatic cancer . the 48-year-old has seen patients die in hospitals , hooked to morphine drips and overcome with anxiety . he has watched dying drag on for weeks or months as terrified relatives stand by helplessly . the right-to-die movement has gained renewed momentum in california and around the nation following the highly publicized death of an east bay woman with brain cancer .
wayne county prosecutor kym worthy charged mitchelle angela blair on wednesday with killing her then 13-year-old daughter , stoni ann blair . the bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside the freezer by a bailiff performing a court ordered eviction on march 24 . both were determined to be homicides , according to cnn affiliate wdiv .
in 2007 , a young girl my wife mentored was found rooting through the trash just to find something to eat . that inspired me to found food policy action and become politically active in a range of food issues , from hunger to factory farms . recently , `` the meatrix : relaunched '' came out . much more than a comical redux , it 's an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement and compels us to look back at how far we still have to go
michael keaton paid homage to his role in ` beetlejuice ' and ` batman ' . he acknowledged in his opening monologue that a lot has changed since he first hosted the comedy sketch show in 1982 . fans were hoping for a full-blown revival of keaton 's most memorable characters might have been a little disappointed .
the 750-piece collection , which includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century , went under the hammer in new york on march 31 . bacall , who died in august 2014 at the age of 89 , first shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film , `` to have and have not '' . at the recent 2015 golden globes , george clooney paid tribute to the silver screen queen in his award winning speech .
kamron taylor sat in an illinois courtroom to hear a jury convict him of murder early wednesday morning . when he did , his victim was a correctional officer making his rounds , according to kankakee county sheriff timothy bukowski . taylor beat up the guard , put on his uniform and took his keys . he then walked out of the jail 's door and into the officer 's brown 2012 chevrolet equinox suv . where the 23-year-
thieves used heavy cutting equipment and rappelling gear broke into vault of safe deposit company in the heart of london over the past holiday weekend . they reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash , even in the educated guess of one former police official , as much as 200 million pounds . police are working closely with hatton garden safe deposit ltd to establish the identities of those affected .
ayatollah khomeini famously said he was ` drinking poison ' when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with iraq . by the time he ended the war , the economy was in shambles , and there was no sign of his die-hard volunteers . since then , ` drinking a chalice of poison ' has become part of iranian political lexicon .
south african police raided jeppestown hostel tuesday while troops secured perimeter . earlier , defense minister nosiviwe mapisa-nqakula announced the plan to deploy an undisclosed number of troops to areas where police are spread too thin . seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants , many from south africa 's neighbors .
the national and international headlines use ` xenophobia ' as if any one word can convey the multifaceted crisis within which this phenomenon occurs . this turmoil as xenophobic fails to convey the conditions in which african migrants are scapegoated for the persistent legacy of apartheid in the post-liberation era .
a century ago , some american dreamers decided to drain the swamp . they decided to conquer that uninhabitable frontier known as florida . and long before air conditioning , bug spray and social security helped seal that vision , the army corps of engineers blasted and dug 2,000 miles of dams and dikes , ditches and pipes .
det. ian cyrus stashing cash in a bag before leaving the yemen deli and grocery store in brooklyn last friday . the detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes . when he checked the cameras he could n't believe what he saw . cyrus , who is under investigation by the internal affairs bureau , could not be reached for comment .
ukraine crisis should have served as wake-up call , highlighting danger of dependence on russia to launch national security satellites into space . the u.s. should play no part in supporting the defense industry of a country that continues to abrogate the sovereignty and territorial integrity of its neighbors . simply put , it is bad policy to rely on others for critical national security requirements .
 providenciales climbed a rung from last year 's no. 2 ranking among travel review site 's travelers ' choice award winners . ambergris caye held the top ranking on the tripadvisor global islands list for two years in a row before dropping out of the top 10 completely this year .
the idea of sustainable development is that raw capitalism is far too powerful for its own good . global capitalism is a juggernaut , with the world economy now doubling in size every generation . yet on a finite earth , with a billion new people being added every 15 years , that juggernaut is now laying siege to the physical bases of life and the social support systems that make life pleasant and decent .
malala yousafzai released an ` open letter ' to the girls monday . the 17-year-old nobel peace prize winner survived an attack by the taliban . in the letter , she calls on the nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls .
ella jones and wesley bell were elected to the ferguson city council on tuesday , meaning three of the six council members are black . this was the first city election since white police officer darren wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager michael brown last august . since then , this st. louis suburb of 21,000 people has gone through epic upheaval with revelations of systemic discrimination against african-americans by law enforcement and the courts .
iranians , the historic decision by tehran and six world powers -- the united states , britain , france , germany , russia and china -- to continue nuclear negotiations under a ` joint comprehensive plan of action ' . but edgy hardliners may now try to play games and complain the preliminary agreement is not what they had hoped . it paves the way for a much broader deal by end of june that guarantees the peaceful nature of tehran 's nuclear activities
eight iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with pakistan . three of the militants were killed by iranian forces in the fighting monday in the southeastern town of negur . the pakistani government condemned monday 's attack , calling it an ` act of terrorism ' .
details of the plot for 2016 's ` star wars : rogue one ' were revealed during a panel at star wars celebration fan festival sunday in anaheim , california . director gareth edwards showed an early teaser for the movie and revealed plot details for the film . the movie will take place in between `` episode iii : revenge of the sith '' and `` episode iv : a new hope '' -lrb- known to many as the first `` star wars '' movie from 1977 -
the investigation into the crash of germanwings flight 9525 has not revealed evidence of the co-pilot andreas lubitz 's motive , but he suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office in dusseldorf , germany . investigators have not found any writings or conversations where he shared his motives or confessed to any plans .
barney frank was the first member of congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office . he had some choice words for closeted politicians who vote against lgbt rights . when someone in the audience asked his thoughts about a current ballot proposal in california that would legalize killing gay people , he said he was n't aware of the measure .
yarmouk , the largest palestinian refugee camp in syria , was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the arab-israeli conflict . the syrian observatory for human rights says isis and the al qaeda-affiliated al-nusra front control about 90 % of the camp . as many as 5,000 people have tried to flee their homes since isis stormed the camp , but have no place to go .
the number of years since perpetual bloodshed began , since dictator bashar al-assad 's security forces fired on crowds of demonstrators and armed militant groups rose up against him in march 2011 . the number of syrians in need of immediate life-saving aid , according to the u.n. that 's the population of moscow .
china 's cybercensors have long used a ` great firewall ' to block its citizens from reading critical articles from western news websites or consuming other content it disapproves of . but it 's no longer enough for them , says a study published friday . they 've developed a new it weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders , including in the united states .
houthis say they have the support of the country 's people behind them . leader abdul-malik al-houthi said sunday airstrikes had weakened the shiite group . more than 700 people have been killed in violence that shows no sign of slowing , according to figures from the world health organization .
a 37-year-old arab motorist from east jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop in the french hill section of the city . one victim , identified by police as shalom yohai cherki , 26 , died at the hospital . the driver has been arrested and is under investigation by the general security services .
the idea that this might be happening is not entirely new . but it muscled its way to the fore again this week with two high-profile shooting deaths in the ukrainian capital . oleg kalashnikov , 52 , was a member of the party of regions , the former ruling party in ukraine , and was close to yanukovych .
charles alasholuyi was one of the top twitter hashtags of 2014 . used in more than four million tweets , there was still no sign of missing girls . the spotlight on the campaign faded . people stopped marching . they stopped pleading with the nigerian government to do more to rescue the young students .
the chilean government estimates that around 2 million people will be able to benefit from the change . the law is intended to end discrimination faced by common-law couples , such as not being allowed to visit partners in hospital , make medical decisions on their behalf or decide what to do with their remains .
the coalition has destroyed air defense systems of the houthis and supporters of yemen 's longtime president ali abdullah saleh . saudi arabia 's navy now controls all yemeni ports , allowing only closely watched non-military medical goods to pass its blockade . this effort is n't over , including widespread attempts to locate and destroy scud missiles still in the country .
alecina tsarnaeva is the sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev . authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 boston marathon bombing , which left three people dead and more than 260 injured . tsarnaev 's lawyers do n't dispute that he did it .
the attack comes just months after al-shabaab militants murdered non-muslim workers in a kenyan quarry . the terrorist group has been behind numerous attacks in the region . it has recruited some americans , particularly from the somali-american community in minnesota . it wants to turn somalia into a fundamentalist islamic state .
the owner of the door filed a complaint with a gaza court stating that , without realizing its value , he sold the door for just $ 175 u.s. the iron door will remain in the possession of the khan younis police in southern gaza until a court hearing at a date yet to be determined .
timothy mcveigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the murrah federal building in oklahoma city . the attack killed 168 men , women and children , injured hundreds more , and remains the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in u.s. history . in fact , the bombing took the country by surprise .
the university of cape town students took to social media to demand cecil rhodes ' statue come down , saying his legacy is tainted with racism . using the hashtag #rhodesmustfall , students expressed their views in a campaign that started last month . four weeks later , the hashtag is now #r hofmeyr .
emergency services were inundated with 600 calls an hour last night . paramedics stretched to the limit and in cambridge a territorial army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers . london ambulance service said at peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour which is more than three times as many as on a normal night .
david moore , 25 , went berserk with road rage after leaving his home only to immediately find himself nose-to-nose on a heavily congested street with rafal cegielka , 45 , who was picking up his child . a driver punched a father on the school run then smashed up his car with a hockey stick in front of young children because he was having a ` bad day ' .
scotland will discover on may 21 if september 's euro 2016 qualifier with georgia will be played behind closed doors . uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the georgian football federation after fans twice invaded the field of play during sunday 's 2-0 defeat by germany . european football 's governing body is also set to look at charges that allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks while a string of safety breaches .
stefan de vrij and davy klaassen scored first-half goals in the morale-boosting victory . hiddink slammed the home fans for booing andres iniesta during his side 's 2-0 defeat by holland on tuesday night . spain coach vicente del bosque fielded an experimental side at the amsterdam arena with iniesta .
the licensing system for agents is to change so that anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay # 500 for an initial one-year registration period . already established licensed agents were exempt . the fa is due to place a link on their website for intermediaries to register , but as of 1pm that was still not in place .
spain lost 2-0 to holland at the amsterdam arena on tuesday . vicente del bosque will not be too worried about a third straight friendly defeat . the result marked the end of the iberian nation 's six-year domination of the world game , scored two early goals in the group stage .
simon mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped last december . liverpool goalkeeper was dropped ` indefinitely ' by manager brendan rodgers in december after a poor run of form but quickly returned after brad jones sustained a thigh injury . the 27-year-old belgian has kept six consecutive premier league clean sheets away from home .
twitter user arke usa from bryant , arkansas , filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool . despite it being around 80-degrees , the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt .
maksims ukarov has not been paid for three months and has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent . but despite the financial problems , uvarenko has been impressed by the ` unique ' fans and their passionate support . cska have already issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing to avoid expulsion from the bulgarian top division .
 ulrike berger , 44 , is barred by a court order from leaving the country with seven-year-old kaia . but on march 22 , a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit , they are believed to have boarded a plane to europe . the estranged couple had scheduled a date for kaia to be returned .
nine members of the liana 's ransom were scooped up by coast guard life boats on tuesday , leaving the canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of portland . the tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on monday , and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast .
the incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of tuesday 's game between the red wings and the senators . while battling for the puck , ottawa 's mark stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc , catching miller just under his visor .
the incident happened last saturday in nanchang , the provincial capital of jiangxi in southeastern china . the boy was conscious at the time and an ambulance was called to take him to the hospital . doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries but his leg was hurt .
rahul kumar , 17 , clambered over the enclosure fence at kamla nehru zoological park in ahmedabad . he began running towards the animals , shouting : ` today i kill a lion or a lion kills me ! ' . mr kumar later explained he was drunk and ` thought i 'd stand a good chance ' .
footage shows the moment a van carrying football supporters starts weaving from side to side on a busy road . about half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near the coastal city of sal , morocco when it toppled on to one side at high speed . terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van , which is understood to have been transporting football fans .
hina shamim , 21 , died close to university of kingston in london last night . she was ` much-loved and the most charming lovely girl in the world ' . the bmw was severely damaged in the crash , which also involved an empty bus . six people taken to hospital to be treated for injuries which were not thought to be life-threatening .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading 's madejski stadium . reading supporter did four front flips on the pitch , landing on his back each time . the reading supporter is now facing a three-year ban for carrying out the stunt . the order , due to be decided on april 30 , would stop him going to all the reading future home and away matches .
fire investigators have confirmed the fire was started deliberately and three separate areas of heath - measuring half a hectare , one hectare and 70 hectares - were destroyed . more than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the st catherine 's hill nature reserve in dorset yesterday .
michael thorpe , 55 , was convicted of showing a premier league game without having an agreement with official broadcasters in 2006 . he said he could not afford to pay sky tv 's rates for football matches , and opted instead to show albanian transmissions of matches . but he was convicted , fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago , when screening the matches was still treated as a criminal offence .
the elephant was relaxing in the kruger national park in south africa with its family by a small pool of water when the bull approached . in a gesture captured on camera , the african elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave , but misses its target .
photographer andy hutchinson described the sight as a ` beautiful supernatural scene ' caused by millions of plankton omitting light . a similar display was shown in sydney 's manly beach back in august 2014 where an oceanography expert told daily mail australia there was no need to be concerned about the algae .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion during royals ' fa cup quarter-final replay win over bradford city last month . reading fan did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back , before being tackled by stewards . the order , due to be decided on april 30 , would stop him going to all of reading 's future home and away matches .
filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract . the full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the spanish champions last july . the defender has struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge .
england drawn with republic of ireland , holland and italy in group d . john peacock 's young lions are defending european champions . tournament will take place in east bulgarian venues of burgas , sozopol , sliven and stara zagora between may 6 and 22 .
the irish fa is hoping that structural damage will not jeopardise the staging of the team 's crucial euro 2016 qualifier against romania in june . cracks in the structure of the west stand were spotted on tuesday morning and the area was sealed off as structural engineers carried out an assessment of the damage . the project , due to be completed in october 2015 , will increase the capacity of a ground first opened in 1905 from 14,000 to 18,000 .
the mother , who has not been identified , was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter , reports channel 2 . the video , which was posted online , shows the mother - wearing jeans and black top - attacking the student along with another girl - presumably her daughter . at one point the student 's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain and tries to escape .
japanese photographer y verifyingki aoyama 's latest series of images capture fathers leaping into the air next to their daughters . in each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose . the 37-year-old 's images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates as daughter and salary man .
brittany huber and john redman were involved in a deadly car crash on a georgia highway last may . huber survived , but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home . the 25-year-old assistant basketball coach at dalton state college helped lead his team to a championship title . sadly , huber was not there to celebrate with redman .
two college campus police officers in dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students . the incident occurred at el centro college and was captured on cell phone by student charles adams , who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand last wednesday . the officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown dallas campus .
a passenger filmed the driver on a bus in auckland , new zealand . in the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper . as the bus slows to a stop at a set of traffic lights he moves his head to get a good look at one of the pages .
the robbery took place at 12.30 pm at a lloyds bank branch in fairwater , cardiff . detectives have issued cctv images of the suspect , who is 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black clothing . detectives said no one was injured during the robbery and they were ` confident ' the public would be able to identify the suspect .
winston reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by chelsea on march 4 . enner valencia missed west ham 's last two games against arsenal and sunderland following a bizarre toe injury suffered at home in mid-march . the new zealand defender returned to full training during the international break .
liverpool midfielder lucas leiva is looking to recapture what he considers his best form in two years after recovering from injury . the brazil international enjoyed a run of 16 starts from late november . lucas 's return to fitness could not have come at a more opportune moment .
stoke chief executive tony scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of asmir begovic as he enters the final of his contract . the bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the britannia stadium . scholes believes they can match the 27-year-old 's ambitions .
jason denayer has impressed on loan at celtic this season . the 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for belgium in a euro 2016 qualifier against cyprus . boyd believes he is now ready to challenge for a place at manchester city next season . he also believes ronny deila 's stated aim of retaining the young belgian for another year .
the court of arbitration for sport has lifted morocco 's ban from the next two editions of the african cup of nations . the north-african nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments and was fined $ 1 million by the caf . the caf also demanded a further $ 9 million in compensation .
the purchase was formalised at an extraordinary general meeting on tuesday . the legal team representing wanda madrid investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for $ 45million -lrb- # 32.8 m -rrb- . the deal was initially announced in january but two egms were needed in order to ratify the deal .
simon mignolet returned to england after serving on international duty with belgium in euro 2016 qualifiers against cyprus and israel . liverpool goalkeeper was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps in either , with chelsea stopper thibaut courtois preferred instead .
ian murray believes rangers will struggle to maintain their pace through the run-in . rangers are currently level on points but having played a game less . the leith side take on their city rivals at ibrox on sunday . click here for all the latest from the rangers news .
antonio conte insists his return to turin prompted ` very fond memories ' . former juventus boss replaced cesare prandelli as italy boss in august . conte guided juventus to three serie a titles during his time as manager . he was back at juventus stadium for tuesday night 's friendly with england .
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly with italy in turin on tuesday night . the 23-year-old has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene . three lions boss roy hodgson has kept faith with the winger .
footage shows an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence . she then appears in her neighbour 's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar . the men then pick up their own weapons and a scuffle breaks out . after a second tussle , the woman appears to be struck in the face .
deva joseph , 14 , was left in floods of tears at london stansted airport . she was told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to spain . she offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one .
gordon robson , 26 , hit father john potts , 45 , in the back of the head so hard there was an ` audible crack ' before he fell down dead . he was jailed for three and a half years for the attack outside the ne38 sports bar in washington , tyne and wear , in november last year .
chyknell hall estate in bridgnorth , shropshire , was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since . it is thought the regency home could attract a-list buyers as the secluded grounds offer residents complete privacy . the 11-bedroom property also boasts a swimming pool , tennis court , stables and cricket green .
borussia dortmund and bayern munich have shared the last five bundesliga titles between them and the bayern are set to continue their domestic domination this term . dortmund are now only five points from the top six having climbed their way from the foot of the table at the midway stage of the season to 10th .
gary locke has been given the role on a permanent basis after signing a three-year deal at kilmarnock . the former hearts boss joined the club as assistant boss to allan johnston last summer . the 39-year-old will speak at a press conference on friday morning .
a study has outlined that 30 percent of australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis . the average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine , the abc have reported . any less than six hours or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person .
police in oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun . just then , a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man 's hands , allowing the teens to escape .
ellen white was a night to remember as she managed both at the same time against arsenal in the women 's super league . the 26th minute , with county having been awarded a free kick on the edge of the box , laura bassett and alex greenwood almost run into each other .
jose luis gaya is in action for valencia during a la liga match with sevilla earlier this season . the left-back has plenty of spring and good technique but at just 5ft 7ins it is not his strong point . sportsmail 's pete jenson takes a look at the spain under 21 defender .
tim sherwood has urged ron vlaar to prove himself again as aston villa skipper . the 30-year-old is out of contract in the summer and has shaken off a calf injury . the defender starred in holland 's run to the semi finals in brazil last year .
the girls of the 27th march huizhou integrated high school are being trained by former special forces solider inspector tan . they are all aged between 16 and 18 , but in a concession to safety , the knives are not real . the school purchased them in bulk and they pose no danger to students .
child is called mai zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old . the video starts off with the pint-sized player scoring a succession of hoops before running around dribbling two basketballs . his incredible skills have won him legions of fans across china .
robert tesche and clayton donaldson scored for birmingham city . matt derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom rotherham . but rob kiernan 's clumsy handling saw the former city forward go down in the box only for referee dean whitestone to wave away appeals .
aston villa manager tim sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover . randy lerner is understood to be in detailed discussions with a prospective buyer and should a new man claim ownership doubts will inevitably be raised about sherwood 's position . villa face manchester united at old trafford on saturday .
southampton boss ronald koeman will wait for more accurate date for fraser forster 's return before deciding whether an additional goalkeeper must be signed in the summer . forster underwent knee surgery after falling awkwardly in the 2-0 victory over burnley a fortnight ago and estimates for his comeback have ranged from four to 12 months .
jason denayer has impressed while playing for celtic on loan this season . the 19-year-old belgian defender has impressed at the club . manuel pellegrini 's comments confirm city will be required to invest heavily in ` homegrown ' talent this summer . denayer fell into this category despite hailing from belgium .
ronny deila and nir bitton walk off the pitch after losing to legia warsaw in champions league qualifying . the norwegian blamed last summer 's money-spinning programme of games in the united states , austria , germany for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat .
holland have conceded more goals in five euro 2016 qualifiers than they lost in the entire qualifying campaign for the last world cup . virgil van dijk has been in fine form for celtic but was n't rewarded with a call-up to the dutch side came last year .
celtic have hit out at the sfa over ticket prices for scottish cup semi-final . the game 's governing body has already come under fire from fans . the parkhead club have made their feeling known after ticket prices were set at # 23 for the north and south stands .
david alaba was ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament tear in his right knee . the left-back was injured while playing for austria in their 1-1 draw against bosnia on tuesday . alaba has been in superb form for bayern this season .
gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock 's permanent manager on friday . the 39-year-old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman jim mann since he replaced allan johnston on a caretaker basis in february .
rangers interim chairman paul murray insists actions of previous boardroom regimes were ` solely ' to blame for the club 's stock exchange removal . the ibrox outfit will be forced to delist from the alternative investment market -lrb- aim -rrb- after being unable to secure a new nominated advisor to meet regulations .
wayne rooney and his england team-mates were upset by the sloppy way they started in italy on tuesday night . the three lions faced the azzurri once more in a glamour friendly at the juventus stadium . hopes were high after seven straight wins but roy hodgson 's men struggled in the first half .
arabtrust and the federation of dundee united supporters clubs say they are ` shocked ' that 25 per cent of # 6.3 million worth of transfer fees for ryan gauld , andrew robertson , stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven were paid in commission . supporters groups also disputed chairman stephen thompson 's alleged level of investment in the club .
danny wilson is out of contract at the end of the season but hearts are in no rush to sell . the scottish champions are considering a # 400,000 offer for the former rangers and liverpool defender . wilson has 12 months left on his current contract with hearts owner ann budge .
shaun cole , 22 , was found dead in a miami street last weekend . he is thought to have been the victim of a hit-and-run driver . livingston boss mark burchill is hopeful that midfielder darren cole will turn out for his side on sunday .
dane tilse has signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with hull kr . the 30-year-old will link up with his old canberra team-mate terry campese . the raiders have agreed to release the 6ft 7in forward and only paperwork delays his start for the robins .
the slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the northern territory . officers then decided to x-ray the lamb , which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana . it is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at darwin airport , and would then be sent on to the tiwi islands 100kms to the north .
alan smith has rubbished claims that liverpool fans attacked the ambulance he was travelling to hospital during manchester united 's fa cup fifth round exit nine years ago . smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle while attempting to block a john arne riise 's free-kick during the fifth round clash at anfield in february 2006 . the incident occurred after smith blocked his free- kick .
davon durant was arrested on domestic violence charges after his girlfriend of 18 months , kelsi langley , claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car march 7 . following his arrest , durant , a transfer from a kansas college and a five-star recruit , was suspended from the football team indefinitely and could be facing expulsion .
detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander snapped a selfie in front of a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back . the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 instagram followers writing : ` love having my fans support !! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around ' .
franck ribery has dismissed reports linking wolfsburg forward kevin de bruyne with bayern munich as a potential replacement for the former france international . the 23-year-old has scored nine goals this season and is topping the league 's assist charts with 16 -- seven more than the next best .
eden hazard has admitted an intense campaign with chelsea may have left him too tired to perform at his best . the 24-year-old playmaker was substituted with 28 minutes in belgium 's 1-0 win over israel in jerusalem on tuesday night . hazard has played 48 games this season for club and country .
clarke carlisle says he has ` moved out of the marital home ' in yorkshire . 35-year-old tried to kill himself in december , two days after he was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving . the incident has left the ex-burnley defender with scars all over his body .
cesc fabregas was one of the worst players on the pitch again in his country 's 2-0 defeat by holland on tuesday . the 27-year-old spoke of his happiness in south west london earlier this week but his form has significantly dipped from that of the player who , around christmas . he captained the european champions in the dutch capital but struggled to make any real impact against manchester united 's daley blind or goalscorer
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser with italy in turin on tuesday . the tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser . townsend later tweeted to his 285,000 followers : ` not bad for a player that should be nowhere near the squad ' ay @paulmerse ? ' .
michael mcindoe lured fellow footballers into scheme with promises of 20 per cent return . but scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and tricky winger was declared bankrupt in october last year with more than # 2million debts . the 35-year-old is now being chased through the courts by creditors .
britons spend an average of # 62 a week on rewarding themselves . treats can range from as little as a bar of chocolate or a glass of wine . surprisingly , men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves . shoppers of swansea are the most frivolous , with 44 % splurging as soon as they are paid .
five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning . four of the men , all in their 20s , are from birmingham , west midlands . a 26-year-old man and a 23-year old woman of no fixed abode were also arrested . searches are taking place at a number of addresses in birmingham .
the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j. brown dam and reservoir in springfield , ohio , on saturday afternoon . footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees celsius . luckily , he had a cell phone on hand to call 911 .
charlie austin revealed his good mate joey barton ignored him on his first day at queens park rangers before realising his mistake . the 25-year-old has had a premier league debut season to remember and is being touted as a possible england debutant in the future .
fa chairman greg dyke 's idea of increasing homegrown players in a premier league squad of 25 from eight to 12 . ` that means as well that the rules of the game must be structured to favour the best or we are not in a competition anymore , ' said wenger in one of his regular interviews to bein sports .
the spine-tinging video was captured in wangaratta , northeast victoria . the driver sprays his car with insect repellent , forcing a huntsman spider to reveal itself from under the door handle . the spider drops onto road and retreats underneath the vehicle , much to the drivers relief .
south sydney hooker issac luke is at the centre of a homophobic slur . the 27-year-old made a heartfelt appeal on his official instagram account . the rugby league player had intended to donate a jersey ahead of the easter long weekend as a gesture to make up for the incident that left the boy hospitalised after the controversial clash .
in 2009 the town unveiled a statue of ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror . the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called ` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue ' has attracted more than 600 likes . artist dave poulin has declined comment on the controversy surrounding his work .
bradley johnson fired home a second-half winner at the amex stadium . cameron jerome is brought down by brighton captain gordon greer . bruno , greer , halford , bennett ; kayal , o'grady , ince , stephens .
james oliver , 48 , was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by linda currier , 53 . the dispute moved outside the home and then currier allegedly hit oliver with the car - he was taken to hospital . oliver was arrested on his release from hospital and charged with attempted gross sexual assault , unlawful sexual touching and failing to comply with the sex offender registration act .
massimiliano allegri was sacked by ac milan last summer . juventus are 14 points clear of roma at the top of the serie a table . allegri has also guided the bianconeri into the champions league quarter-finals and the coppa italia semi-finals .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino has likened harry kane to gabriel batistuta . kane moved to within two strikes of the 30-goal barrier for the season . england boss roy hodgson is mindful of keeping expectations in check for kane .
juventus director pavel nedved has revealed barcelona are interested in bringing paul pogba to the nou camp . the czech midfielder made 324 appearances for the turin club . but he also admitted he was pleased juve did n't draw the catalan side in the quarter-finals of the champions league .
liverpool target neto is wanted by a number of top european clubs . the 25-year-old 's contract expires in june when simon mignolet was dropped from the side . the former atletico paranaense keeper looks certain to leave the florence-based club in the summer .
a video posted by youtube user richard stewart shows a porsche cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on prince edward island in canada . the sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median . a wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt .
lance corporal riki hughes , 31 , plundered accounts of tidworth town football club . claimed to be making rent payments to club 's landlord - even though the team was actually getting its property for free . made out 70 bogus payments to account he 'd set up in name of landlord aspire defence .
lee cattermole will return to the starting line-up for sunderland clash . former newcastle defender massadio haidara will miss sunday 's derby . the full-back has undergone a procedure to remove a cyst from the knee which has forced him to sit out the last two games .
mcilroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world . the video begins with mcilroy embarking on a jog at the crack of dawn as the tagline ` six weeks to georgia ' appears on the screen .
sergio garcia insists he is focused on winning his first pga tour title since 2012 . rory mcilroy 's bid for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam . but the golf club of houston is set up to try to replicate some of the conditions the players will face at augusta .
johnny sexton will face saracens in the european champions cup quarter-final on sunday . the 29-year-old said he has been lucky to have been part of some great sides with leinster and ireland . heineken cups in 2009 , 2011 and 2012 , a challenge cup in 2013 , plus the test peaks - six nations titles this year and last .
mustafa kamal has resigned as icc president on wednesday . he accused india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final . the bangladesh-india match has influenced the outcome . the icc asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst .
ben davies will allow no room for sentiment up against wales team-mate sam vokes . burnley are scrapping for survival , currently 18th , but just a point from safety . clarets beat israel 3-0 in their euro 2016 qualifying tie at stamford bridge .
west ham face leicester at the king power stadium on saturday . nigel pearson has been involved in several controversial incidents this season . allardyce has defended pearson and says he is ` his own man ' . leicester are seven points from safety , albeit with a game in hand against leaders chelsea .
john carver says he will use a whip if he has to in a bid to motivate his newcastle players ahead of sunday 's tyne-wear derby . the magpies have lost the last four matches against their north-east rivals and head coach carver . carver was assistant to alan pardew during that wretched run .
dick advocaat 's side are struggling at the foot of the barclays premier league table . sportsmail can reveal that john carver 's team would be two points adrift of their foes in the relegation zone if it were n't for cisse 's goals . the senegal forward is newcastle 's top scorer this season with 11 goals .
john o'shea has challenged sunderland to keep their fate in their hands . the black cats captain wants a fifth straight derby win against newcastle . the republic of ireland international has won the last four meetings . he said : ` staying together as a unit all over the pitch and taking chances ' .
stoke beat stoke 3-0 on their most recent visit to stamford bridge . the potters have played chelsea away eight times in all competitions . mark hughes says his side must end their barren run at the club . stoke have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games this season .
dick advocaat will welcome ` controller ' lee cattermole back to the heart of his sunderland team . the midfielder missed the last two games through suspension . the 27-year-old was the only man told he will definitely start the game against newcastle on sunday .
celtic reached the champions league group stage in 2013-14 . the last time they faced ac milan , ajax and barcelona . if they reach the last 16 , the figures crash through # 20m barrier . uefa 's increase in champions league money gives celtic manager ronny deila extra reasons to qualify .
celta vigo forward nolito has urged argentine to stay away . the barcelona forward is set to recover in time for the trip to celta . the 28-year-old has been training following a minor problem . celta currently sit 10th in the table , although nolitos insists his team-mates do not fear messi and co .
neil redfearn is considering his position as manager of leeds united . leeds took two months to appoint thompson but he was told in a letter from director of football nicola salerno yesterday morning that he was be suspended until the end of the season effectively ending his time at elland road after 105 days .
robbie neilson insists the likes of captain danny wilson will only leave hearts if he is satisfied it 's right for the club . the tynecastle coach says departures will only happen on his say-so if the price is right . hearts have already secured promotion to the scottish premiership .
david templeton praised the impact of stuart mccall 's training ground methods . ibrox winger said the training-ground methods are superior to the previous management 's . templeton said the tempo of training , everything has been right up and it has been really enjoyable actually , but tough .
sam allardyce believes giving raheem sterling a bumper deal could risk unsettling the other liverpool players . west ham boss brendan rodgers is extremely keen to keep hold of one of the club 's best players . the 20-year-old is currently on # 35,000 a week at liverpool .
jonas gutierrez has appeared as a substitute in each of magpies ' last three games . argentinian has been welcomed warmly back into the fold on and off the pitch . the 31-year-old has finished on the losing side on each occasion . the black cats are currently fighting for their barclays premier league lives once again .
blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender thomas piermayr . the 25-year-old has been training with the championship club this week . the former austria under-21 international had a spell with inverness caledonian thistle in 2011 . the tangerines are preparing for life in league one next year .
ian wright believes arsenal are down to arsene wenger 's refusal to play him as a striker . walcott has made just five starts for arsenal this season since returning from a serious knee injury after seven months on the sidelines . arsenal pursuing raheem sterling and walcott 's contract set to run out next summer .
the 20-year-old wideman edged closer towards anfield exit after revealing in an interview with the bbc on wednesday that he would have signed for a lot less a year ago . however , despite being one of liverpool 's star men , sterling has struggled to repeat the impressive form he showed for the reds last season .
sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet put the hosts in command . patrick roberts was on target for england but it was n't enough to qualify . tottenham hotspur midfielder harry winks from suspension . neal maupay fired the ball into a crowded penalty area .
roberto martinez is backing ross barkley to become an even more influential player for everton and england . barkley has had an indifferent campaign for the toffees on the back of his inclusion in last summer 's england world cup party and a knee operation which disrupted his return to domestic duty .
tony pulis is plotting talks with west bromwich albion chairman jeremy peace once premier league safety is secured to ensure the club can become a top-ten team again . the baggies finished 10th and 8th under roy hodgson and steve clarke before struggling for survival in a chaotic campaign last season .
kevin sinfield is to switch codes and join yorkshire carnegie at the end of the season . former england captain has been warned he will be a ` target ' . sinfield , 34 , is the greatest captain in leeds ' history , stunned the world of rugby league on tuesday .
nrl referees and officials struck with projectiles by angry supporters . the south sydney rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the bulldogs . fans turned on referee gerard sutton and his colleagues after they penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute . a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them . sideline interchange official darren alchin has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being
a new video that shows homeless people reading out cruel tweets that have been written about them is guaranteed to form a lump in your throat . the clip , which was filmed by the creative agency leo burnett toronto for the homeless charity humans for humans , is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough . many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like , ' i hate the homeless , i do n't feel sorry for you , '
the championship side are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players . the protect , inform and prevent -lrb- pip -rrb- programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given , in law . part of the training is said to involve players taking part in confidential question and answer sessions about previous encounters .
george boyd clocking up 210.5 miles on the pitch this season . the burnley winger has run slightly further than tottenham hotspur midfielder christian eriksen . boyd is joined by his team-mates scott arfield and david jones in a list dominated by players from the bottom half of the premier league .
anderson was sent off for internacional after a first-half off-the-ball shove on ypiranga erechim striker otacilio neto that also saw his opponent sent off . but fortunately for anderson , his colleague fabricio stole the limelight by swearing at his own fans .
the 20-year-old england player has been made what manager brendan rodgers described as ` an incredible offer ' . sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal and leading clubs in spain . pfa chief executive gordon taylor has defended sterling for postponing contract negotiations .
baby was found dead at home in perry barr , birmingham yesterday . the child was taken to birmingham children 's hospital but died hours later . man and 22-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of murder and are helping police with their inquiries . an ambulance crew was the first to arrive at the home on tuesday evening .
pug dug and his owner , lindsay castro , were hiking on the jurupa hills trail in fontana , canada , on thursday when they heard a rattlesnake . the snake bit dug in the face , and his face instantly ballooned to twice its size .
the boy , who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body , managed to escape . the incident happened in bhiwandi city , a suburb of mumbai . a case has been registered under sections 307 -lrb- attempt to murder -rrb- . the boy is being treated at the thane civil hospital , about 30 minutes away .
harvey boulter has already given # 30,000 to the ukip candidate fighting fox in his somerset seat in a continued vendetta against him . boulters is also spending another # 30k to try to defeat tom tugendhat , who is standing for the tories in tonbridge and west malling , kent .
jose mourinho could return to manage real madrid one day , says alvaro arbeloa . the chelsea boss ended his three-year spell in madrid to rejoin his current club in 2013 . but the portuguese left madrid in 2013 and has since led his team to the brink of another title .
paddy morrall noticed the full-length christ on a snapped scaffolding board in inverness , scotland , on wednesday . the 31-year-old builder , from keighley , near bradford , has kept the board . he said : ` we did n't take it too seriously but it really did look like him ' .
the 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the bbc who then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media . emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of popular stars such as gary lineker and graham norton .
inter milan were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table parma . the first team had trained at 8:30 a.m. local time , watched by club vice-president javier zanetti and sporting director piero ausilio .
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal at the emirates on saturday . brendan rodgers admitted liverpool are unlikely to reach the top four . hector bellerin gave arsenal the lead as the gunners went on to win . alexis sanchez got in on the goalscoring act just before half-time .
the former defender 's expired passport was listed for # 5,000 . the item was listed earlier in march and bidding ended on tuesday . the seller made it clear he was open to negotiation . parker closes down holland forward marco van basten during one of his 19 caps for england .
the 20-year-old midfielder struck with a low shot from outside the penalty area in the 49th minute . it was the third victory for slovakia since czechoslovakia 's split in 1993 . martin skrtel catches daniel kolar in the face with a high boot .
karim benzema posted a video of him singing along to tupac 's track ` check out time ' . real madrid face granada at the bernabeu on sunday . the france international is confident his club success can force his way into contention for the prestigious award .
sergiu bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute and ishmael miller , also on as a substitute , secured a point for his side . the result leaves huddersfield without a win in their last seven games and 18th in the table , six places and nine points behind wednesday .
stuart dallas scored two goals as brentford demolished fulham 4-1 on good friday . the 23-year-old impressed for northern ireland in the week . dallas spent three months at northampton and has returned to prove himself back at the club . the winger has been doing the sums as the winger is on loan .
the crash happened on warringah road in frenchs forest , northern sydney at a traffic light intersection . the 1973 e-type jaguar is thought to be worth over $ 120,000 was completely written off when it came up against the toyota kluger . nobody was hurt in the collision , however all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution .
trey moses , a senior at eastern high school in louisville , kentucky who will play for ball state next year , asked ellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom . moses surprised her during her p.e. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading : ` let 's party like it 's 1989 ' .
villagers from shandong province in eastern china reportedly resorted to transporting natural gas in plastic bags . recent images show intrepid residents from lijin village in dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws . worried passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs because any contact with a naked flame or even a cigarette could spell disaster .
baseball has long been considered america 's favorite pastime . there are no two baseball teams that are greater , or more storied , than eternal rivals the new york yankees and boston red sox . also making a very impressive showing are the texas rangers and atlanta braves .
` this is not frank underwood , ' the president said after turning his head underwood . he frequently speaks shakespearean-style monologues to the audience . ` happy april fools ' day . the real president slipped into his normal voice by the end of 12-second impersonation .
brady eaves , 18 , was filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party in florida . the footage could see him charged with felony animal cruelty charges , which carry a maximum jail term of five years and $ 5,000 in fines . in a statement branding his actions ` disturbing ' and ` disappointing ' , eaves ' stepfather and mother revealed he has been withdrawn from the university of mississippi . it comes after phi delta theta openly condemned eaves
john bramblitt , 42 , had epilepsy from the age of 11 and over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight . the artist from denton in texas was completely blind . despite this , he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting .
silhan ozcelik , 18 , went missing from her kurdish family 's home in north london last october , while she was still only 17 . she was arrested at stansted airport after she returned to the uk from germany on january 16 . she has been charged with engaging in preparation for terrorist activity in october 2014 .
ludovic obraniak was taken to hospital with suspected heart problem . poland international had to be replaced after just 30 minutes before being taken for tests . caykur rizespor revealed that he was not in any immediate danger . moussa sow scored for fenerbahce during their 5-1 win on saturday .
chris ramsey has praised tony pulis as one of the best british coaches in the country . the qpr face west brom at the hawthorns on saturday . ramsey insists he does n't need to take any tactical tips from the experienced relegation dodger . the r 's have taken just four points since the turn of the year .
patrick kluivert has helped curacao progress to the next stage of 2018 world cup qualifying . the caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in concacaf for the 2018 tournament late tuesday . former holland under 21 international charlton vicento scored in the 87th minute , five minutes after coming on as a substitute .
tiger woods has not appeared on the pga tour since withdrawing from the farmers insurance open on february 5 with a recurrence of his back problems . woods has dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years . the 14-time major winner did not record a top-10 finish in nine starts in 2014 .
dougie fife , alasdair dickinson and ross ford all rested for last week 's guinness pro12 26-15 win over scarlets in llanelli . the trio have been recalled by head coach alan solomons for the madejski stadium clash with the exiles .
sri lanka 's kumar sangakkara will retire from limited overs cricket . the 37-year-old has accumulated 14,234 one-day runs , second only to indian great sachin tendulkar and the greatest number of dismissals by a wicketkeeper .
moses kipsiro raised allegations that a coach has been sexually abusing female runners . the 28-year-old successfully defended his commonwealth games 10,000 m title in glasgow last year . the death threats he says he has received after reporting the allegations to his national federation and the police .
alan pardew insists manchester city can come from behind again . city overtook liverpool with one game to go before being crowned champions last season and in 2012 . chelsea are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand but pardew has refused to rule out the title race .
swansea city host hull city at the liberty stadium on saturday . jefferson montero suffered a muscle strain during ecuador 's 1-0 defeat by mexico . leon britton and kyle bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks .
hull city have reapplied to the football association to have the club name changed to hull tigers after the initial request was blocked . the move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the fa council voted against it by 47 votes to 27 . but hull boss steve bruce ahs revealed the club have once again asked fa for permission to rebrand as hull tigers .
esteban cambiasso says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy . the former argentina international signed a one-year deal at the king power stadium . the foxes are rock-bottom of the 20-team table , seven points adrift of 17th placed sunderland and without a league win since january .
toby alderweireld will return to atletico madrid once his loan spell ends at southampton . the belgian defender has impressed this season on the south coast . tottenham also believed to be admirers but atletico say they are counting on aldeirwereld to return to la liga .
diego costa may not be risked against stoke following a hamstring injury . jonathan walters expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available . marc muniesa set to return to the matchday squad after missing five games . jakub wawrzyniak featured in republic of ireland 's 1-1 draw at aviva stadium .
swansea manager garry monk is out to claim a season-first against hull . monk 's men have enjoyed an excellent campaign by being in the top 10 all season . swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural premier league campaign in 2011-12 .
kris commons has a shot on goal during the spl match against st mirren . celtic 's jim goodwin slides in with a challenge on stefan johansen . the hoops are currently fourth in the scottish premiership . click here for all the latest transfer news .
stuart mccall wants to win one visit from an edinburgh club this season . the tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to govan last august . hibernian have racked up 3-1 and 2-0 wins in their last three league visits . mcc all believes a significant home victory would be ideal confidence boost .
lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo are billed as two great rivals of modern day football . the 2002 world cup winner is a co-owner of second tier united states side fort lauderdale strikers and ronaldo""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
carlos tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval . roberto pereyra added a second in stoppage time as turin giants maintained their 14-point lead at the top with nine games to go . miralem pjanic 's 15th-minute goal was enough to earn rudi garcia 's men all three points .
alessandro diamanti and mohamed salah helped fiorentina to a 2-0 win over sampdoria on a rain-drenched pitch . the former west ham midfielder struck just after the hour mark . miralem pjanic 's goal gave juve their fourth win in a row .
cesar azpilicueta is counting down the games until chelsea win the barclays premier league title . the spanish defender and his club team-mates sit top of the table ahead of facing stoke city at stamford bridge on saturday . jose mourinho 's men have only briefly relinquished the title lead .
kevin de bruyne has been linked with manchester city and bayern munich . the belgian is one of the hottest prospects in european football after starring in the bundesliga . the midfielder is wanted by a host of clubs but no transfer away from wolfsburg has been agreed .
charles piutau will join ulster on a two-year deal from 2016 . the 23-year-old has played for the blues in new zealand since 2012 . he has won 14 caps for the all blacks , making his test debut against france two years ago . piutubau has played in the blues for the national side .
george north will miss saturday 's european champions cup quarter-final . north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months . saints director of rugby jim mallinder said he had a nasty knock . north left the field unconscious after scoring second of two tries in saints ' win .
mohamed diame is set to return from injury for hull city on saturday . the sengalese midfielder signed for # 3.5 m from west ham in the summer . the 27-year-old has been out for four months with a knee injury . hull are currently just three points above the premier league drop zone .
tom carroll was hurt during england under 21s ' 1-0 win over the czech republic . the 22-year-old has made 18 appearances for swansea during his season-long loan spell from tottenham . carroll is expected to be out for between four and six weeks .
franck ribery limped off against shakhtar donetsk after picking up an injury at the beginning of last month . bayern also lost fellow winger arjen robben in the german cup quarter-finals . the winger admits he ` ca n't even run ' and has no chance of playing .
philipp lahm has made only two substitute appearances for bayern since breaking his ankle in training on november 18 . franck ribery , arjen robben and javi martinez are all out . pep guardiola will be without a number of his first-team stars for his side 's match against dortmund .
alvaro morata is happy at juventus and has no interest in joining real madrid . the 22-year-old joined the italian giants for # 15.8 million last summer . morata signed a five-year deal at the juventus stadium after starting just three games in la liga for real .
michael duff has backed sean dyche to one day take charge of england . burnley are next in action on sunday when they host tottenham . duff said : ` he has been first class . i 've learned a lot from him , little things he does ' .
brentford beat fulham 4-1 at craven cottage on saturday afternoon . stuart dallas fired home two superb strikes while a sublime free-kick from alan judge and a late fourth from jota ensured all three points . brentford moved to fifth in the table on 69 points with six games left to play .
jos hooiveld 's late strike earned millwall a crucial 2-1 victory . magaye gueye had cancelled out alou diarra 's strike for the addicks . charlton had skipper chris solly dismissed midway through the first half for deliberate handball in the box .
more than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption . this weekend 's crunch premiership fixture , arsenal versus liverpool in london will be hit by the rail chaos . ministers warned of potential problems in advance labour has claimed . every single major artery on britain 's railways was shut down .
natal 's dunas arena is being sold by owner grupo oas . company also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the fonte nova arena in salvador . company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state-controlled oil company petrobras .
the 13 democratic and republican u.s. lawmakers said they ` strongly encourage ' fifa to move the global competition . ` allowing russia to host the world cup inappropriately bolsters the prestige of the -lrb- russian president vladimir -rrb- putin regime at a time when it should be condemned ' .
harry kane will play for the u21s at this year 's european championships . the tottenham striker made his senior england debut last week . kane is also set to travel to australia and malaysia this summer . pochettino has given kane the green light to participate in the competition .
the barclays premier league have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season . both sky sports ' and bt sport 's allocation have been revealed with the race for the champions league featuring prominently . chelsea vs liverpool on may 10 and manchester united vs arsenal on may 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch .
the quick silver p-51d mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team bill and scooter yoak as a tribute to u.s. servicemen who have died in combat . and as this stunning on-board video shows , they have done their countrymen proud .
the helicopter came down on a house in the carapicuiba area of sao paulo . five people , including the son of governor geraldo alckmin , have died . no one was thought to have been in the house , the roof of which was clearly devastated by the impact .
the car shape originally designed to help french farmers transport their sheep to market now accounts for a staggering two in every three cars sold in the uk . it is just as popular across the world from munich to mexico city thanks to its practical design , economy and comfort . the renault 16 was unveiled in april 1965 .
paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend after his appearance for tottenham against burnley . the midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team 's 0-0 draw with burnley on sunday . merson initially angered townsend for writing in his sky sports column .
venezuela captain juan arango has apologised to a rival player . arango 's tijuana side lost 4-3 to monterrey with just seconds left . the incident was reminiscent of uryguayan luis suarez 's bite on italian giorgio cheillini 's shoulder during last year 's world cup .
la liga strugglers almeria have named sergi barjuan as their third coach of the season . the 43-year-old replaces juan ignacio martinez , who was fired on sunday , a day after almerian lost 4-1 at home to levante .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals against granada in la liga this season . the real madrid forward now has more goals than 53 teams in europe 's top five leagues . there are nine teams in the barclays premier league who have managed fewer goals in the league than cristiano .
ben jones-bishop scored a spectacular solo try as the salford red devils ended a run of 17 defeats in a row by wigan . the red devils were hanging onto a 12-8 interval lead when jones . both sides ended the match with 12 men as tempers flared during the super league match .
hull bounced back from thursday 's derby defeat to hull kr to snatch a surprise 28-20 victory at langtree park . a long-distance jamie shaul try was enough to seal a victory that shocked the home side . injury-hit champions were in the wars again last week , losing to rivals wigan .
england fans sang anti-ira songs during tuesday 's friendly with italy . there is no suggestion that the fans pictured in this image where involved in the chants . michael carrick and the rest of the england squad applaud the travelling support in turin on tuesday . it also places a strain on the fa .
roy hodgson has submitted his starting line-ups for the finals in france . england 's defensive options remain their big problem so this is a team set up to score goals and win games by playing on the front foot . luke shaw has n't done enough yet to displace baines .
the lonely heart , known only as john , has gone viral after it was spotted by a passer by . the anonymous londoner posted a picture of the advert on a facebook page dedicated to london life where it went viral . it has since gone viral and has now gone viral . the website says it will ` bring you a way of life with quality ' .
helsinborg drew 0-0 with kalmar in the allsvenskan season opener . henrik larsson was forced to play his 42-year-old kit man in goal . the former celtic and barcelona striker had no option but to play daniel andersson with goalkeepers par hansson and matt pyzdrowski out injured .
former all black mils muliaina was arrested last night after his team was defeated in the quarter finals of the european challenge cup . he had come off injured during connacht 's 14-7 defeat at gloucester last night when he was approached by police . the 34-year-old full back has 100 caps for the all blacks .
good friday is observed as a national holiday in a number of countries , including australia , brazil , spain and the united kingdom . the pope used the service to stress the persecution of christians . on thursday the pope washed the feet of 12 inmates and a baby at rome 's main prison in a pre-easter ritual meant to show his willingness to serve .
crystal palace host manchester city at selhurst park on saturday . alan pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of his side 's clash . mile jedinak ruled out for crystal palace 's gane against man city . yaya toure missed the win over west brom a fortnight ago .
arsene wenger has yet to decide whether to offer abou diaby a new contract . the french midfielder made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on wednesday . diaby has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons at the emirates stadium with extended spells on the sidelines .
luis suarez and daniel sturridge scored 52 premier league goals for liverpool last season . suarez was always going to be a near-impossible task , but liverpool fans would have started the season quietly confident that the quality was there to collectively make up for the uruguayan 's absence .
alan pardew called manuel pellegrini a ` f *** ing old c ** t ' during premier league encounter back in january 2014 . the 53-year-old has benefited from sessions with former international cricketer jeremy snape . the touchline spat occurred during a premier league match between newcastle and man city .
joe hart insists his side are still capable of winning the premier league title . chelsea are nine points clear of manchester city with both teams having eight games left to play . hart is a good cheerleader last week he won his 50th cap at the age of 27 . the 27-year-old says city 's trajectory has set in regarding the trajectory but hart does not accept that .
police in rhein erft received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted ` happily ' hopping through a field . they immediately assumed it was a april fools prank and dismissed the strange call . they discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the australian marsupial in a field in bruhl .
tv hosts stood by unaware that philanthropist hugh g. rection made a generous donation of $ 32.38 , which earned his name some valuable screen time . twitter users were quick to notice hugh 's generous donation . the massive effort foreshadowed the $ 16.8 million donated at last year 's event .
qpr lost 13 of 14 league away games against west brom on saturday . the win also saw the west london club to end a five-game losing run . chris ramsey urges his players to calm down during the 4-1 win . villa currently hold the last position of safety .
alan hutton limped off in aston villa 's 3-1 defeat at manchester united . philippe senderos and kieran richardson are doubts along with tom cleverley and aly cissokho . libor kozak is sidelined as he continues to recover from a broken leg .
kim sei-young leads by two shots at halfway stage at mission hills country club . south korean shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of the competition . 22-year-old is in good spirits as she chases her first lpga major victory .
lydia ko shot a 2-over 74 on saturday in the ana inspiration . she tied the lpga tour record for consecutive rounds under par . the 17-year-old new zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour .
tiger woods has dropped out of the world 's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years . the former world no 1 will play at the masters in augusta on bbc2 -lrb- 7pm -rrb- . woods has fallen to 104 in the world rankings and with no kind of competitive action under his belt .
phil mickelson and boy jordan spieth have been criticised for giving up on university and joining the pga tour as the 809th ranked player in the world . the last tournament is proving quite a show-stopper itself thanks to the crowd-pleasing antics of the popular phil mickeson and local boy .
lydia ko hit a superb second shot to six feet on her final hole . south korea 's kim sei-young eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead . overnight leader morgan pressel followed her opening 67 with a 72 .
serena williams beat sabine lisicki in three sets to progress to the semi-finals of the miami open . the world no 1 beat either sloane stephens or simona halep in the quarter-finals . the day after she clocked her 700th career victory .
andy murray believes his colleagues should use the assimilation of the world no 83 , originally from slovenia , as motivation to better themselves . at present any grumbles are happening in private , and bedene 's present ineligibility for the davis cup team has made it less of an issue .
andy murray beat dominic thiem 6-4 , 6-1 in the second round of the miami open semi finals . murray was awaiting the winner from the last eight match between tomas berdych and argentina 's juan monaco . the british no 1 believes his colleagues should use the assimilation of the world number 83 .
spain 's carla suarez navarro came back from a dreadful first set to defeat three-time miami open champion venus williams 0-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 at key biscayne on tuesday . she set up a semi-final clash with germany 's ninth seed andrea petkovic .
novak djokovic beat alexandr dolgopolov in the quarter-finals of the miami open . the unseeded serbian won a first-set tie-break and building a quick 4-2 lead in the second set . the scot racked up a 500th career win by edging out kevin anderson .
nick scholfield has been lined up to ride spring heeled in the grand national at aintree on april 11 . the pair had been expected to partner paul nicholls-trained sam winner , who was pulled up in the cheltenham gold cup , in the # 1million race . the champion trainer said on wednesday it was unfair to tie him down to a gelding which is far from certain to run when the mount on another leading definite contender is being offered
newport gwent dragons reached the european challenge cup semi-finals . tries from wing hallam amos , replacement nic cudd and prydie conversions brought the dragons back from a big deficit to victory . scrum-half lloyd williams , fly-half gareth anscombe and number eight josh navidi crossed for the blues .
bath will look to their england contingent to lead the charge against leinster in dublin . george ford , dave attwood , jonathan joseph and anthony watson all return to the scene of the 19-9 defeat by ireland which halted another grand slam crusade .
somerset 's new limited-overs captain alfonso thomas has agreed to coach delhi daredevils in the indian premier league . veteran seamer thomas still recovering from a broken ankle . thomas will continue his rehabilitation in india in the hope of being fit again .
moeen ali is planning to join england for the latter stages of their test tour of the west indies . the off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during england 's failed world cup campaign . ali trudges off after being dismissed against new zealand during the world cup .
sim bhullar is set to become the nba 's first player of indian descent . the kings are not expected to announce the deal until thursday . the 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on friday when the kings host the new orleans pelicans .
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 at the emirates stadium in saturday 's lunchtime kick-off . arsene wenger is convinced something is finally happening at arsenal again . hector bellerin gave arsenal the lead with a superb left-foot curling into the corner .
michel vorm set to deputise in place of hugo lloris at burnley . spurs boss mauricio pochettino has praised vorm 's attitude . the 31-year-old signed from swansea in the summer . vorm will stand in at turf moor on sunday .
celtic striker leigh griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during their match at st mirren . the controversial striker looked round in the dug-out before unwrapping the tasty treat within the first 10 minutes of the vital spl encounter . his manager , ronnie deila has encouraged the concept of the 24/7 athlete by insisting on a strict diet regime for his players .
rangers have been de-listed from the aim after dave king failed to find a new nominated advisor . interim chairman paul murray put the blame for aim 's decision at the door of the club 's previous board but tried to play down fears by revealing the new regime in charge is now considering a switch to the isdx market .
sunderland face newcastle at st james ' park on sunday afternoon . the pair have scored four times between them , conceding 22 along the way . carver has issues instructions to his players during training on friday . the magpie mandate is survival and little more , a dispiriting acceptance of mediocrity .
danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million . the 29 players featured in the table below have south american backgrounds . james rodriguez is another player off the porto production line . porto have reached the last eight of this year 's champions league .
lionel messi 's foot swelling is still a concern for barcelona . the argentine star missed both games for his country during the international break . the four-time ballon d'or winner wants to play as his side look to close in on the la liga title .
river plate vice president matias patanian admits the club ` dream of falcao ' . the colombia forward spent eight years with the argentine side . the 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at old trafford . he has been in good goalscoring form for his country this week .
golden state warriors held off los angeles clippers 110-106 on tuesday . david lee added 17 points for the warriors , who had lost four in a row . blake griffin had 40 points and 12 rebounds , chris paul added 27 points . drake was courtside at staples center to watch la clippers ' home match .
liverpool boss brendan rodgers has flourished under the guidance of raheem sterling and jordon ibe . rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving northern ireland for england aged 16 . the 42-year-old believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot .
the 20-year-old admitted in a television interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new # 100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club . but rodgers admitted the interview was conducted without the club 's consent and ` surprised us all ' . he said sterling was still young and ` sometimes makes mistakes ' .
jamie carragher jetted out to watch his son play for the u12s . the former liverpool hero flew to watch james play in the youth tournament . the tournament is now in its 15th year and both philippe coutinho and lucas played in the tournament in the past .
salford half-back rangi chase faces the threat of a four to eight-match ban after he was charged with making a grade e dangerous throw on good friday . the red devils went on to beat huddersfield 18-12 to continue their recent good form , but they could now be without their mercurial stand-off for a lengthy period .
thiago came on for philipp lahm in the 1-0 win at the westfalenstadion . the midfielder has thanked the german club for their emotional moment . thiago admits he is still far from full fitness but is now hoping to get back into the side as pep guardiola 's men continue their hunt for the treble .
james rodriguez will start against granada on sunday after recovering from a fractured right foot following two months on the sidelines . the colombian international has scored 12 goals in 33 games in all competitions since joining real madrid in the summer . carlo ancelotti has said rodrigriguez ` has shown in training that he is fine and he will start ' .
st etienne want to sign cardiff full-back kevin theophile-catherine . the 25-year-old signed for cardiff from stade rennais for # 2.1 million . the pair have an option to make the deal permanent for # 1.5 million . st etienne defender will not take up an option .
reigning man of steel daryl clark will be aiming to sink his home-town club when castleford visit struggling warrington . clark left the tigers at the end of last season and has kept a close eye on events at his old club . warrington coach tony smith believes the player deserves a good reception from the visiting fans .
former huddersfield centre josh griffin scored a try and kicked three goals as improving salford secured back-to-back super league wins . carl forster 's try and griffin 's penalty made the game safe . the game was twice delayed early on when kevin locke was fumbled .
wigan climbed up to third place in the first utility super league . the warriors came out on top 12-4 in a brutal , no-holds-barred contest . defences reigned supreme and both sets of players were out on their feet long before the end of an absorbing good friday duel .
warrington crashed to a third straight super league defeat in a row . the game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans . widnes maintained their focus to run out 30-10 winners and maintain their impressive form at the select security stadium , where they have taken seven points out of a possible 10 this year .
england had originally been set to leave northern italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for roy hodgson 's men to take an extra night 's stay . stopping in manchester for the side 's northern-based players and staff before moving on to london , players from manchester united , manchester city , everton , liverpool , aston villa and stoke city all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a full programme
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser against italy on tuesday . the 23-year-old has already had ups and downs than most players experience in their careers . townsend has scored as many goals for england as he has done in the premier league for spurs .
graziano pelle gave italy the lead against england at juventus stadium . the 29-year-old has not scored in the premier league since december 20 . the southampton striker has scored nine goals in his first 12 matches . click here for all the latest southampton news .
england ace joe hart labelled gianluigi buffon a ` legend of the game ' . the italian veteran claimed his 147th cap against england on tuesday . hart passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing italy . the manchester city shot stopper is 10 years younger than buffon .
italian newspaper la gazzetta dello sport has criticised theo walcott 's display against italy . england captain wayne rooney , goalscorer andros townsend and substitute ross barkley have all been awarded seven out of 10 for their performances at the juventus stadium .
a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed earlier in the night due to fears the heavy rain would make the slide particularly slippery . it is understood the group were travelling at such great speeds that they were unable to stop and broke through the barricade at the bottom of the ride . three of the contractors escaped without injury .
national union of teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend . the ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election . last time teachers across the country went on strike was in july , when 21 % of schools were forced to close , leaving parents having to pay for childcare or take a day off work .
zara tindall , 33 , has turned her hand to barrel-pulling and laughingly pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband mike along . the moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer rob edmond 's marathon barrel-roll from perthshire to wiltshire .
the aroused reptile is seen beginning its painstakingly slow ascent on to the back of a female 's shell . but instead of getting lucky , the blundering tortoise somehow manages to lose its balance , sending it toppling over onto its back . the amusing moment was caught on camera by ukranian photographer , vadym shevchenko , 34 , at kiev zoo .
the champions of england were smashed into submission at stade marcel michelin on saturday night . clermont are nigh-on invincible at home and northampton could do absolutely nothing to even fleetingly threaten their dominance in this raucous arena . nakaitaci scored two tries before half-time and nick abendanon capped a masterful display with a break-away try from 90 metres out .
nuri sahin claims arsenal tried to lure him from the bundesliga with a ` great bid ' . the turkey international has attracted interest from the gunners back in 2005 when he was playing in the under 17s . sahin spent five months on loan at liverpool before returning to dortmund .
antonio nuez , 59 , was said to be arguing with the woman , who has not been named , at his home in san antonio , texas , on monday . it escalated , and at 4.15 am nuzzez allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman 's behind .
residents of beckley club estates in dallas , texas , say they saw a man approach a male peacock , who was in the middle of its mating ritual . the man is seen bending down and picking up the bird by its claws before shoving it into his black suv around 7pm .
kevin sinfield is closing in on third place in rugby league 's all-time scoring list . the 34-year-old was in charge of the rhinos when sinfield lifted the first of their six super league titles in 2003 . former leeds and england coach tony smith says he is sad to see his former skipper swap codes .
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has admitted his club will have to buy young talent because the academy 's youngsters are not ready for first-team action . liverpool star raheem sterling has already had his name linked with the defending premier league champions after his contract stalemate at anfield .
the lamb , named winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck . walking around to the front of the lamb , the duck begins pecking away at the lamb 's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat . the lamb appears as though it is about to walk away when it drops to the ground and allows the duck to continue .
tyler macniven and his fiancee , kelly hennigan , made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials . the video , inspired by action films , shows the two literally saving ` the date ' as they wash up on shore , fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion .
cctv footage shows the thieves in action at the shell fuel stop . while one man distracts a cashier at the window , another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine . once the cord is attached , the vehicle in the background speeds off and uproots the atm from its mount . sparks are caught flying into the air as the large device is dragged across the tarmac .
peter alliss , 84 , said legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women 's membership . some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee . but equality act 2010 , drafted by the previous labour government , ruled that this was illegal discrimination .
the property , in the leafy south east london suburb of chislehurst , was designed and built especially for government officials as the cold war intensified in 1951 . the site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls . the property , known as the glass house , has now been transformed into a contemporary luxury home , complete with a swimming pool , a stunning atrium and a magnificent glass staircase .
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace on monday night . manuel pellegrini guided city to their second premier league title in three seasons back in may . jose mourinho ended chelsea 's 50-year wait to be champions by winning the premier league in his first season 2004/05 .
carlisle lost 3-1 to accrington stanley at the crown ground . the cumbrians are without a win in five games in league two . they are just two places and three points above the relegation zone . the 51-year-old also revealed he was considering staging an open forum .
arsenal manager arsene wenger bewildered during thursday 's pre-liverpool press conference . the journalist 's line of inquiry with regards to an april fools ' joke was of course a hoax but it still managed to create plenty of confusion for wenger . wenger turns to an arsenal official off camera after he is quizzed about per mertesacker 's ` live ' team talk .
oscar scored in brazil 's 3-1 victory against france in paris on saturday . the 23-year-old has a capital one cup medal to his name this season . chelsea are currently commanding a six-point lead at the summit of the premier league standings .
everton stars leighton baines and luke garbutt visited alder hey children 's hospital on wednesday . the toffees duo handed out easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the west derby hospital . the 30-year-old will face southampton on saturday .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading 's madejski stadium . reading supporter did four front flips on the pitch , landing on his back each time . the reading supporter is now facing a three-year ban for carrying out the stunt . the order , due to be decided on april 30 , would stop him going to all the reading future home and away matches .
germany beat georgia 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . ozil posted a picture of him playing with his dog on twitter . the midfielder missed arsenal 's last game against newcastle in 2013 . arsene wenger rubbished claims he fits in ` perfectly ' .
yaya toure was accused by sportsmail 's jamie carragher of ducking out of the way of jason puncheon 's free-kick that killed off manchester city 's hopes of salvaging something from selhurst park . the midfielder is paid # 200,000-a-week , was part of a five-man wall when puncheon stepped up to double crystal palace 's lead . sportsmail columnist carraghel feels the city midfielder did not do enough
lionel messi should be fit to play in barcelona 's la liga game at celta vigo . centre back gerard pique said messi did not feature in either of argentina 's friendlies during the international break after sustaining a blow to his right foot in last month 's ` clasico ' against real madrid .
greg dyke was given one of parmigiani watches by the brazilian fa . 65 handed out in goodie bags totalling more than # 1million . dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the fa 's official charity partner , breast cancer care .
tyler walker came off the bench to score an impressive first goal of his senior career at brentford on east monday . the 18-year-old attacker is son of former england and nottingham forest defender des walker . walker has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far .
veteran broadcaster peter alliss claimed gender equality laws have ` b ******* up the game for a lot of people ' . he also claimed the bbc should have done more to secure the open coverage . alliss said the ladies golf union has lost 150,000 members since equality for women came in .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth , over the weekend in place of their father who passed away . far from a conventional toast , mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage .
john daniel tohill , 37 , was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left nelson on the tasman bay to travel north . on tuesday evening his brother tobias received a call from john saying he had would be visiting in the coming weeks , reports stuff nz . over the years his family has hired investigators and police , but because he was an adult and had disappeared without notice before there was little incentive for police to appeal to the public for information .
youtube videos show four-month-old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father 's hand as he 's lifted through the air . as he whizzes up and down , the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright . his outstretched arms help him to remain airborne .
lucy garrod , 27 , developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion . she had worn contact lenses for 12 years with no problem , but woke up one day . she feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree due to going partially blind in one eye .
david luiz picked up a hamstring injury in psg 's 3-2 win over marseille . the brazilian defender went off after 35 minutes of the match . the 27-year-old could now be a doubt for the champions league quarter-final . liverpool face barcelona in the first leg on april 15 .
the critters were filmed at indiana 's indianapolis zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen . footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs . however , instead of an even-surfaced court , they 're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure .
the golden retriever from california appears to lack eye-mouth co-ordination skills . slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and leaping up to catch the treat . however , despite his best efforts , the egg narrowly misses his jaw , bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead .
a video uploaded by youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen . when the first egg emerges she cries for joy and when the third comes she lets out a shriek with her arms waving around . before laying its eggs - which are unfortunately plastic , not chocolate - the toy bird plays a short song .
the incredible weather event took place in siberia 's third largest city , krasnoyarsk , and shows the moment snow and sleet plunge the yenisei river into darkness . the snowstorm moved at a speed of 45mph towards the kommunalnyi bridge , which it instantly dwarfs with its size . flecks of snow can be seen in the air as the large cloud becomes increasingly grey in colour and the bridge disappears from view .
the incident took place in the sky over russia 's dmitrov district . in the right hand corner of the screen a balloon can be seen edging closer to a transmission tower . suddenly as the balloon passes by it collides with the tower . the basket speeds up and hits the ground but luckily all of the passengers survive .
australian goanna has been filmed swallowing a whole rabbit in under one minute . the two-metre long reptile managing to balance at the top of the pole . the lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow its catch . the video , uploaded to youtube last week , begins with the message .
christopher dodd , 24 , and fay purdham , 27 , are now a couple . the latter transitioning to become a woman at the age of 23 . the pair , who now live in south bank , middlesbrough , grew up together as boys . soon after they parted ways fay , who was born kevin , started her transition to becoming a woman by taking hormones .
loushanna and shawn craig from erdington , birmingham , had gone to tenerife . but despite having flown to the island for up to two weeks , mrs craig was marooned . the 37-year-old was meant to return to the uk on march 9 . she has now placed the blame squarely on shoulders of ryanair .
sir nick faldo appeared to give the world no 1 a squeeze during monday 's practice round at augusta national . mcilroy was on the cover of men 's health magazine and admitted he was ` obsessed with the gym ' . the 25-year-old is bidding to win a fifth major and complete a career grand slam .
residents in alderholt , dorset , woke to discover an easter egg on their doorsteps . every house in the village got one as far as we are aware . residents described the deed as ' a wonderful act of random kindness ' . they said it 's just such a lovely thing to do .
notts county have appointed ricardo moniz as their new manager . the former tottenham and hamburg coach pulled out of the running due to ` family reasons ' at the end of march . the 50-year-old dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation into sky bet league two .
paul hartley is not reading too much into dundee united 's recent slide . united have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions . the dundees are without a win in three matches themselves . callum morris scored his side 's equalising goal from the penalty spot .
tim sherwood has vowed to give pal chris ramsey the red-button treatment if he tries calling him ahead of tuesday 's crunch six-pointer . rangers will leapfrog sherwood 's side and plunge them back into the drop zone if they win at villa park in what represents a pivotal game for both sides .
graeme mcdowell was forced to withdraw from the valero texas open last month . the former us open champion is optimistic he can improve on his masters record . the 35-year-old has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the masters . he finished 17th in 2009 and 12th in 2012 .
tiger woods has started just two events in 2015 , shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them . that led to the 14-time major winner taking a break from competition to work on his game , during which time he dropped outside the world 's top 100 for the first time since september 1996 .
ben crenshaw will mark his 44th and last consecutive appearance in the masters by standing in for arnold palmer in the traditional par-three tournament at augusta national . palmer is unable to play alongside gary player and jack nicklaus in the curtain-raising event on wednesday afternoon .
tomas berdych beat argentine monaco 6-3 , 6-4 to ensure a first meeting with muray since their tense and at times acrimonious australian open semi-final . the czech is coached by murray 's former assistant dani vallverdu .
roger federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official twitter account . the 33-year-old was wearing the scarf of fc basel , the football team he supports . federer won the key biscayne event in 2005 and 2006 , but skipped it in 2013 .
the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual at paul nicholls ' yard on thursday morning . he was back riding out and said he was undeterred from getting back in the sadal . ferguson survived a spectacular fall from merrion square .
exeter chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at sandy park . thomas waldrom , byron mcguigan , sam hill and dean mumm scored . the victory means exeter will take on gloucester at kingsholm in two weeks ' time for a place in the final .
saracens chairman nigel wray has dismissed rugby 's salary caps rules as ` a farce ' . the north london club are being investigated by premier rugby for alleged salary cap breaches . the rising costs facing the club are also a concern , with the wage bill leaping more than 50 per cent in three years .
liam plunkett is back in test contention in the caribbean . he managed 18 wickets in four tests prior to that , playing a big part for an england side often criticised for going easy on the speed gun . the 29-year-old has recovered from a minor ankle complaint in yorkshire 's pre-season trip to abu dhabi .
jonathan trott was picked for this three-test tour of the caribbean . the 33-year-old has been impressive in not only addressing the personal demons . alastair cook knows the value an in-form trott would bring to his side 's chances of recording a series win in the caribia .
jonathan trott left the 2013/14 ashes trip after just one match at the gabba . alastair cook felt the batsman is ready for the ` pressure cooker ' of international cricket . the pair are now heavy favourites to open the batting together in west indies this month and should get a first chance against a st kitts & nevis invitation xi .
martin guptill has been recalled to the new zealand test squad for their two-match series against england next month . the 23-year-old smashed 237 against the west indies in the recent world cup . paceman matt henry who played against south africa in the semis .
barney gibson has retired from cricket just four years after his debut . the leeds-born wicketkeeper entered the record books in 2011 . but that match proved to be his only appearance at senior level . the 19-year-old said it was a ` difficult decision ' to retire from cricket .
jonathan trott has returned to the england set-up for the first time since taking a break with a stress-related illness . the 33-year-old has worked extensively with dr peters during the last year , learning from a man who has done notable work with the british cycling team , liverpool fc and ronnie o'sullivan .
kevin pietersen is set to play against oxford mccu in the parks . the 34-year-old signed a new contract with surrey last month . the record-breaking batsman is expected to feature in his first championship match since 2013 , against glamorgan on april 19 .
moises henriques will join surrey immediately after the indian premier league season concludes at the end of next month . the all-rounder will be with them throughout the blast campaign and also as overseas cover for kumar sangakkara . the twenty-eight-year-old will join after the ipl .
louis smith will represent great britain for the first time since winning two medals at london 2012 . smith won pommel horse silver and team bronze at the london games before pursuing a media career . the european championships take place in montpellier between april 15 and 19 .
the world endurance championship has announced that there will be no more ` grid girls ' before races . the decision by the fia is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport . the hawiian tropic girls arrive on the grid before the start of the le mans 24 hour race in 2001 .
john higgins narrowly defeated judd trump 5-4 to move into the quarter-finals of the china open . the veteran scot recovered from losing the opening frame to move 4-2 ahead , but both players were struggling for rhythm in beijing . trump narrowed the gap and a break of 68 helped the uk championship finalist take the match to a decider .
leicester city host west ham united at king power stadium on saturday . matt upson is out of leicester 's clash with west ham as the rock-bottom foxes continue their fight for survival . the new zealand defender limped off in their 4-3 defeat by tottenham .
jonas gutierrez was the surprise inclusion in the newcastle side . the argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute . the 31-year-old was n't expected to start after twice surviving cancer . the former sunderland midfielder was the visitors ' best player .
west brom host queens park rangers at the hawthorns on saturday . craig dawson will serve a suspension for his challenge on wilfried bony . mauro zarate has returned to parent club west ham to regain fitness . richard dunne and leroy fer both out with knee injury .
sam allardyce wants club to qualify for europe next season through fair play rankings . west ham sit third and west ham top the barclays premier league 's fair play table . the hammers have little left to play for as they sit ninth ahead of saturday 's match with bottom-club leicester city .
lee mcculloch was sent off during rangers ' 2-1 win against hearts . goals from kenny miller and haris vuckic had the home side two ahead . rangers held on to move into second place in the league , three points ahead of hibernian with a game in hand over the leith club .
david templeton will form part of a rangers guard of honour to recognise the outstanding championship success of his former club . templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend as stuart mccall 's recorded a 4-1 victory over cowdenbeath . hearts romped to the title with seven games to spare .
carlo ancelotti now faces enviable dilemma of trying to fit in his starting line-up . the 23-year-old has scored 12 goals and provided 11 assists in comparison to isco 's five and six . marca also recognises this issue at the santiago bernabeu .
real madrid beat granada 9-1 at the bernabeu on sunday . cristiano ronaldo , karim benzema , gareth bale and a diego mainz own goal secure a huge win . robert ibanez scored granada 's consolation .
lyon moved back to the top of ligue 1 for 24 hours at least . alexandre lacazette 's penalty in the first half put les gones in control . clinton n'jie struck just after the hour to put hubert fournier 's side three goals to the good .
roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli . miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute . goalkeeper morgan de sanctis saved shot after shot by napoli in the second half . roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals lazio .
der klassiker represented the pinnacle of european football . the two titans met in the 2013 champions league final at wembley . bayern munich beat dortmund 2-1 at the allianz arena in november . arjen robben grabbed the winner five minutes from time .
arsenal tula beat arsenal tula 3-1 in the premier league on sunday . fans broke down barriers in front of visitors sector and tried to get to east stand . referee alexander yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms .
manchester united host aston villa at old trafford on saturday . robin van persie is out of manchester united 's barclays premier league match . luke shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem . ron vlaar could return for the trip to man united .
david meyler believes hull will hang on to their premier league status . tigers have impressed against top sides , drawing 1-1 away at manchester city . tigers are currently just three points above burnley . steve bruce 's side are in 15th place , three points off the relegation zone .
arsenal host liverpool at the emirates stadium on saturday . manchester united host aston villa -lrb- 3pm -rrb- in the premier league . burnley vs newcastle united will face burnley on monday . crystal palace host manchester city at 8pm .
chelsea have won all three of their games following international break . the break can be both a blessing and a curse , potentially halting momentum if results and confidence are positive . manchester united are the only other unbeaten sides though united did slip up in drawing 2-2 at home to west brom .
kolo toure has warned raheem sterling that leaving liverpool could see him end up on the scrapheap at a big club . sterling stunned liverpool earlier this week , giving an interview confirming that he has turned down a new # 100,000-a-week contract . chelsea and manchester city are also keen on english football 's hottest property .
the aviva premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend . bath 's george ford practices his kicking during training session at farleigh house complex . bath and wasps are well-funded , with strong squads , but resources are modest compared to french powerhouses toulon , clermont and racing .
raheem sterling says he was not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool . blogger david tyrer of live4liverpool gives the view from merseyside . sterling trains ahead of the weekend 's game with arsenal . but there 's a sense of ungratefulness about the whole situation .
the top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 . belgium and wales both have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots ' side . wales ' comprehensive 3-0 victory in israel last weekend has seen expectations rise that chris coleman 's charges can claim one of the two automatic qualifying spots .
mark hughes has kept the club 's chequebook largely in his pocket since taking over in may 2013 but said he would splash out when the right player became available . the bosnia goalkeeper will be entering the final year of his current deal . but hughes will add expensive acquisitions if needed .
raheem sterling gave a revealing insight into his future on wednesday . the england winger turned down a liverpool contract worth # 100,000-a-week . he pointed to his desire to finish out the season before considering any more offers , focusing on winning trophies with his club for the time being .
raheem sterling has been offered a # 100,000-a-week deal to stay on merseyside and revealed in a bbc interview on wednesday that he would have signed for a lot less a year ago . but in an in-depth tv discussion that liverpool knew nothing about until shortly before it was aired the 20-year-old admitted that it was ` quite flattering ' to be linked to arsenal . sterling has attracted interest from clubs including real madrid , bayern mun
arsene wenger has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in september 1996 . the frenchman has lifted the lid on his pre-match rituals in an interview with the official arsenal magazine . wenger said : ` there 's always a doubt on one or two ' .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool . the 20-year-old scored for england in their 4-0 win over lithuania . sterling is now in position to reject contract offers of # 100,000 per week from liverpool , confident enough to express his views to the bbc .
the 20-year-old has been offered a new # 100,000-a-week contract to stay at the club but admitted he is ` flattered ' by interest from arsenal . rodgers said he was ` relaxed ' about his contract situation and that liverpool are a ` superpower ' of world football .
argentina beat ecuador 2-1 in their copa america warm-up game on tuesday . gerardo martino 's argentina captain messi looked on again while he nurses a right foot injury . manchester city forward sergio aguero opened the scoring for the hosts .
bojan krkic has been keeping a close eye on england 's top-flight . the former ac milan and roma forward has been recovering from the serious knee injury which ended his debut season with stoke . bojan tells sportsmail that players make his team of the season .
ben hiscox , 30 , was playing a home game for stoke gifford united . he was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for urgent treatment . but three days later , he suffered two seizures and died in hospital . his team-mates had gone to secure a 4-1 victory against mangotsfields sports .
henyekane made nine appearances for south africa in 2009 . he was on loan at free state stars from pretoria-based mamelodi sundowns . the 31-year-old died tragically in a car accident on tuesday morning . south african media reported the crash happened in bethlehem .
danny lennon 's interim appointment as scotland under 21 coach officially ended as reports claim he will be named as alloa athletic boss on tuesday . paddy connolly has been in temporary charge of the wasps since barry smith resigned on march 7 . the former st mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge of scottish championship side until the summer of 2016 .
 cosmin moti is guilty of producing one of the worst tackles you 're likely to see this season after his kung-fu style tackle on a cska sofia player . the defender made the headlines for the right reasons during ludogorets champions league play-off against steaua bucharest in august . moti 's kick on nikolic shows a different side and the misdemeanor during the first half went unpunished as his side went on to win
liverpool boss brendan rodgers accepts champions league football is unlikely to return to anfield next season . sterling started liverpool 's 4-1 defeat at arsenal on saturday . the 20-year-old said he turned down a new # 100,000-a-week deal but insisted he was not a ` money-grabbing ' 20-years-old .
brian o'driscoll caught wind of the picture on social media . the irish rugby legend 's wife amy huberman posted the image on monday . the couple are in hong kong this week working as an ambassador for hsbc ahead of the hongk sevens .
darren bent has scored seven goals on loan in the championship . the 31-year-old was sacked by aston villa in february after two-and-a-half seasons at the club . bent said villa were ` 100 per cent ' correct to sack paul lambert .
greg dyke has been handed the backing of five former england managers . the fa chairman wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12 . he is facing opposition from the premier league . the proposals also include changing the rules so that ` homegrown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21 .
rory mcilroy believes jeff knox reads the mysterious augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen . and on friday knox completed something of a notable double when he answered the call from tiger woods to play a practice round . the northern irishman was first man out in the third round last year .
jb holmes started the day six shots off the lead at the shell houston open . overnight leader jordan spieth hit a fine putt to par the 18th . holmes had just missed 10 foot but wagner could not save par to take the play-off to a third hole .
kelvin day has only played a handful of events on the subsidiary circuit . the 27-year-old finished tied first to earn his place at the shell houston open . it was a decent achievement in itself to make the halfway cut . it earned him a third round draw alongside two rather famous englishmen .
phil mickelson is one shot behind leader andrew putnam going into the third round . englishman justin rose provided further encouraging evidence he is now over his bleak march with a 68 that has left him just four shots off the pace . padraig harrington had only to be told woods had played a practice round at augusta national on friday before pre-empting the official announcement .
danny willett is aiming to become the first masters debutant to win . the 27-year-old yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the blue monster . the pair met in the first round of the amateur championship in 2007 and it was willestt who was five up after six holes before sealing victory on the 17th .
super league title sponsors first utility have announced a new format for the player of the month award which lets fans vote for the league 's most outstanding players . at the end of each month , a shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of league weekly and fans will be asked to vote for their choice on the facebook page .
michael carrick made his england debut against mexico in may 2001 . he will be the first non-goalkeeper since the legendary sir stanley . matthews won his 54 england caps over a 23-year period between 1934 and 1957 , interrupted of course by the second world war .
steve bruce has promised his wife janet he will slim down after seeing the unflattering snaps . bruce was baffled that anyone would be interested in pictures of a 55-year-old on a beach . the hull manager also had an appetite for the debate about how premier league clubs should do more to bring through english talent .
teofil brank , better known by his stage name jarec wentworth , was arrested on march 4 by the fbi in los angeles . investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $ 1 million in cash from the victim . in a march 20 indictment , brank was charged with felony extortion by threatening to injure someone 's reputation .
mauricio pochettino wants talks with the fa before approving harry kane 's involvement in the forthcoming european under 21 championship . kane could find himself at the centre of a club vs country row ahead of their post-season tour of australia and malaysia .
a masters patron uses her camera to take photos of the action during the player practice rounds ahead of the 2015 masters at augusta national golf course in georgia . fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses .
the sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in cass county , north dakota . he needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade . wilford has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is now slowly returning to his paws .
arsenal face liverpool in the crunch top-four clash on saturday . theo walcott was hauled off after 55 minutes of england 's 1-1 draw against italy . the 26-year-old has struggled for game time since returning from lay-off due to a serious knee injury .
sir alex ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in manchester united . the scot was appointed as the red devils manager in november 1986 at the age of 45 before announcing his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71 .
liverpool boss brendan rodgers insists raheem sterling is not motivated by money in stalling over a # 100,000-a-week contract . sterling stunned liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is ` quite flattered ' by interest from arsenal .
raheem sterling has rejected a new contract worth # 100,000-a-week . the 20-year-old scored the fastest hat-trick in the barclays premier league on his way to 50 goals by his 20th birthday . brendan rodgers insists sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window .
adam mcburney , who has been capped for the ireland under-20s , was not at his home when it was targeted on easter sunday . shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property , after bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls .
the 450kg -lrb- 990lb -rrb- beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade before it was lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln . the feast was prepared by momin hopur , a local celebrity chef and fourth-generation grill master .
sam tomkins has been released by the new zealand warriors . the england full-back is interesting his former club , where his brother joel plays , and wigan have an option to bring him back to the dw stadium . the 26-year-old announced he could re-sign tomkins on a ` defined salary ' on his return to super league .
david luiz pulled up clutching his hamstring after bursting run against andre-pier gignac in the first-half of sunday 's game against marseille . current french champions psg went on to win the game . laurent blanc 's side are still fighting for the ligue one title .
vincent kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during belgium 's narrow 1-0 defeat of israel in their euro 2016 qualifier on march 31 . mark clattenburg has been accused of favouring louis van gaal 's side in the past . the 40-year-old will officiate the manchester derby between united and city at old trafford .
tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her . the 40-year-old former channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing and was horrified to think her sons harry , 4 , and bert , 2 , saw her that way . ` when my son asked me if i was having another baby , that was the catalyst , ' oldfield said .
neil phillips , the team doctor for england 's 1966 world cup campaign , has died at the age of 83 . manager sir alf ramsey promoted phillip from his role as under-23 team doctor just before the '66 world cup as seniors doctor alan bass had run out of holiday and could not join up with the squad for their preparation camp in lilleshall .
the average household now owns 7.4 internet devices and four in 10 bought a tablet in the last year . smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device , at 1.7 per household . laptops were second , followed by tablets , with a fifth of homes owning two of the latter . just over half of people said banking and finance was the area of their lives that would be most affected without the internet or mobile phone .
francis bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle on sunday . after noticing a foul odour in the yard of his home in clifton beach , northern queensland , he found a dead scrub python which contained the remains of the family feline . the black and white cat had reportedly slept on the family veranda .
juan mata admits his side still have work to do and must take every game as a ` final ' . the spaniard has found his best form at a crucial part of the season . united are currently above rivals manchester city by one point . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
police were called to the scene in the north las vegas neighborhood at about 11.30 am on thursday . the father , 24 , and other family members inside did not know that the toddler , who later died at university medical hospital , had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway .
travis hatfield , 21 , from gilbert , west virginia sung a george jones song to his 47-year-old uncle , jamie joe cline . in the video , travis sings and his uncle chimes in with occasional lines as he recognizes parts of the song .
dayna dobias , 19 , from illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing . she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . last year the teenager produced another dancing clip with her strutting her stuff to taylor swift 's shake it off .
manchester united duo radamel falcao and sergio aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors puma . the pair play in a cage style match at old trafford on sunday . manchester united 's no 9 has backed the duo by a mass of red devils ' supporters .
lydia kelm , 23 , had a blood-alcohol content of .247 when police tested her after showing up to the mcdonald 's in leesburg , florida , early monday . police say the woman would n't pull up to a drive-through window at around 3.30 am , the orlando sentinel reports .
dashcam footage shows a giant st. bernard dog running across a road somewhere in the czech republic with a child trailing behind . it appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion , with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind . as the canine scampers along , his passenger holds tightly to a leash .
the woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness . the grainy video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car at around 12.30 am saturday morning . paramedics arrived 20 minutes later and transported the victim to a hospital in critical condition .
air passengers face up to three days of disruption , with british airways , easyjet , ryanair and flybe among airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights . change means every passenger in a car or coach will have passport scanned . walkout by france 's biggest air traffic controllers ' union sncta will begin at 5am today and run until 5am on friday .
the incoming ecb chairman has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave the england team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever . graves has forged an excellent reputation in english cricket as chairman of yorkshire for the way he bankrolled and transformed the club , but his initial forays into the international game have been little short of an embarrassment .
greg gibbins , 28 , and his friends were at the beachcomber hotel in toukley on the central coast , nsw on sunday night before they went to a nearby eatery where he was stabbed in the chest . police have charged a 20-year-old man with murder of the talented football player .
luis figo disputed the confederation of african football 's claim that all 54 votes from the continent will go to incumbent sepp blatter in the presidential elections next month . the former portugal international said he did not believe all africa was solidly behind blatter , who seeks re-election on may 29 .
cristiano ronaldo hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada . the 30-year-old 's quintuplet moved him above lionel messi in the race for the pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in la liga at the end of the season .
tim sherwood 's side were set to drop into the bottom three . charlie austin scored his 17th premier league goal of the season 12 minutes . the point lifts qpr above burnley to 18th on goal difference . villa move above hull to 16th in the premier league table .
manchester united host manchester city in the premier league on sunday . phil jones hopes manchester united ` turn up and play their football ' . jones started for united in their 3-1 win at home to aston villa on saturday . the 23-year-old said victory does n't last long enough .
vincent kompany believes a win against rivals manchester united will help rectify their season . manuel pellegrini 's side were given a torrid time by crystal palace on monday night . the city captain says the derby is crucial and believes being the underdogs suits his side .
bradley neil has received the backing of world no 1 rory mcilroy . the scot won the amateur championship at royal portrush last year . the 19-year-old admits he may turn professional before september 's clash with the united states at royal lytham .
rory mcilroy insists he has arrived at augusta ready to mount a serious challenge on the masters . the world no 1 has been building since the night before his open victory at hoylake last july . mcil roy says he has been ready for this thing to start for a week already .
john isner beat kei nishikori 6-4 , 6-3 on thursday in miami . the hard-serving isner will next meet either world no. 1 novak djokovic or david ferrer on friday night . isner has n't been broken in the tournament since 2011 .
andy murray beat andy murray in the semi-final of the miami open in january . it was a match that had everything , with even the saintly kim sears caught uttering profanities in the direction of the czech powerhouse . there is no love lost on the tour between murray and his close friend and assistant coach dani vallverdu .
carla suarez navarro will play either top seed serena williams or third seed simona halep in the final of the miami open . the spaniard 12th-seed did n't face a single break point . it 's the eighth time she 's looking for her second title .
lewis ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton . the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation . amateur jockey has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online .
jonjo o'neill hosted a media stable visit on thursday at his jackdaws castle yard in gloucestershire . he trains shutthefrontdoor for his principal patron j p mcmanus . the record-breaking jump jockey is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys ' championship and retire .
marcelo bosch kicks the winning penalty as saracens beat racing metro 12-11 . the 31-year-old hit the ball into a strong wind , landed a 55-metre penalty . bosch is mobbed by his team-mates after scoring the kick that won his team the game .
bosch kicked the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch saracen 's a semi-final berth . england 's first team through to the semi-finals in the european rugby champions cup semis celebrate . the argentinian was escorted off the pitch by security .
matt prior , 33 , was badly affected by an achilles injury last summer . he lost his england place to jos buttler , and has not played since july . prior admitted he may never play test cricket for england again after his injury . the sussex head coach has warned that prior remains ` pretty much out indefinitely ' .
yuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase bmw on to pole start for the easter monday opening round of the mce british superbike championship . defending champion shane byrne finished less than a quarter of a second down .
mark selby beat gary wilson 10-2 in the final of the baic motor china open . the leicester cueman dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to earn his sixth ranking title and # 85,000 in prize money . the 31-year-old won the german masters title in february .
wisconsin beat the wildcats 71-64 behind 20 points and 11 rebounds from frank kaminsky . wisconsin will play duke , an 81-61 winner over michigan state in the earlier semi-final , at the lucas oil stadium in indianapolis on monday night .
tom daley hopes his new dive can help win olympic gold at the 2016 rio de janiero games . the former world champion spent most of last year battling to master his ` demon ' dive , a dizzying combination of somersaults and twists he had hoped would prove the difference .
memphis grizzlies defence shutting down oklahoma city thunder star russell westbrook . the grizzlies moved level with houston atop the southwest division . san antonio stayed within two games of that fight over the no 2 playoff seed by routing denver . jeff green scored 22 points and marc gasol added 19 to lead six grizzlies players in double figures .
harry kane became the youngest premier league player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days . tottenham went into the premier league match looking to get back into the race for champions league qualification after liverpool 's loss . sean dyche 's side lost 4-2 to burnley at turf moor on sunday .
bafetimbi gomis gave swansea a 2-0 lead against hull at the liberty stadium on saturday . the french striker opened the scoring in front of a group of young supporters after doubling his side 's lead in the first half . steve bruce 's side have now lost their last seven games .
esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career . the argentinian midfielder has revealed that keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy . the foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table , with only eight games remaining .
daryl janmaat has admitted newcastle got exactly what they deserved from their derby trip to sunderland . the holland full-back played the full 90 minutes of sunday 's 1-0 defeat at the stadium of light despite suffering a suspected tear in his calf muscle during the warm-up . the magpies slipped to a record fifth successive defeat in the fixture .
graziano pelle scored against england in the 1-1 friendly on tuesday . the 29-year-old is now hoping to return to the form that saw him plunder eight goals in his first 17 league games . pelle has thanked saints fans for continuing to support him through his lean spell .
stuart mccall says he was warned not to take the rangers job . the former light blues midfielder steered his new side to their third victory on the bounce with sunday 's 2-1 win over hearts . it was a crucial triumph that moves gers back into second place in the scottish championship .
sports have teamed up with gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of nike boots signed by the england and manchester city goalkeeper joe hart . this is a unique opportunity to own memorabilia autographed by one of the best players in the world today .
danny higginbotham gave sunderland the lead during the 2007-08 premier league season . republic of ireland assistant manager roy keane delivered an astonishing team talk . the former manchester united midfielder also reveals how keane once demanded for him to swear at and criticise his team-mates instead of getting behind them .
vincent duport was ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury . the france international suffered a ruptured tendon in the dragons ' 33-22 defeat at hull fc on march 20 . the 28-year-old scored three tries in the first six rounds of super league xx .
bayern munich take on bayer leverkusen in the last eight on wednesday . pep guardiola believes jerome boateng is one of the top three centre backs in world football . bayern face borussia dortmund in the german cup quarter-final on tuesday .
manchester city have not won a premier league game in almost 20 years . the shocking stat is revealed as city 's title hopes lay in tatters . the last time city managed to win having been in a losing position at half-time was on april 17 , 1995 when they beat blackburn rovers 3-2 .
tiger woods was pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice at augusta national golf club ahead of the masters 2015 . the former world no1 has returned to action following a break from golf to recover from a series of niggling injuries and rediscover his form . the first practice session on monday had been woods ' first public appearance for 60 days .
rory mcilroy shields himself from the rain during a practice round at augusta . the englishman could barely contain his excitement at driving down magnolia lane for the masters . there is a reason why the phrase ` beware the injured golfer ' has entered the sport 's lexicon .
the 79th masters gets underway on thursday and the focus will be on rory mcilroy as the northern irishman bids to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career grand slam . but tiger woods , returning to competitive action for the first time since february and battling a succession of injuries .
arsene wenger 's side were thrashed 6-3 by manchester city and 5-1 by liverpool last season as they slipped from the top of the summit to a battle for the champions league places . per mertesacker admits being embarrassed by the bigger teams was the catalyst for a number of much-needed confrontations .
amir khan has announced his next fight will be against chris algieri . the bolton fighter had earlier this week come under increasing pressure to take on british rival and ibf welterweight champion kell brook in june . khan was also linked with bouts against adrien broner and keith thurman .
amir khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently . british rival kell brook set to feature on his agenda for a wembley blockbuster next year . broner says , ` let 's get this money ' , in the short video of their conversation posted on instagram .
floyd mayweather snr has ducked the verbal jabs aimed at manny pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach . roach has blasted the elder mayweather and insisted that the money man would be far better off preparing for the may mega-fight with his uncle roger .
justin rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 . american scott piercy went round in 63 and phil mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 . rose 's solution to his miserable form was three missed cuts and a 55th-place finish at the cadillac championship in four pga tour starts .
lydia ko tied annika sorenstam 's lpga tour record with her 29th consecutive round under par . the 17-year-old hit a 6-iron to 18 inches to set up a birdie on the 158-yard , par-3 eighth and closed with a par on the par-5 ninth .
rory mcilroy is hoping to complete his grand slam of majors with a victory at augusta later this month . the 25-year-old has just one top-10 finish to his name in six masters appearances , finishing joint eighth last year despite the embarrassment of being outscored by his marker .
dufner and wife amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf . the couple separated in february and the divorce was finalised on march 16 . dufner has struggled this season as he recovers from a neck injury which he picked up at the end of last year .
lionel messi has recovered from his foot and should be fit to start sunday 's la liga match with celta vigo . the argentina forward sat out both of his country 's friendlies against el salvador and ecuador over the international break . messi was able to do some light running and stretching in training .
crystal palace are convinced yannick bolasie will learn from wilfried zaha 's mistakes and not jump ship . the electrifying winger has dazzled for the eagles since alan pardew took over in january . zaha made just four appearances for manchester united in two years .
bakary sako doubled wolves ' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by forest 's henri lansbury . benik afobe was one of arsenal 's own goals before they loaned him to mk dons . afobe is young , electric-paced and on 28 goals this season .
cardiff drew 1-1 with cardiff at the madejski stadium on april 18 . pavel pogrebnyak got a touch to garath mccleary 's nod-down to divert the ball past cardiff goalkeeper david marshall . but they allowed a mediocre cardiff side to snatch a point in the 90th minute .
erik compton will tee off this week at the masters on his third . the 35-year-old veteran would rather be known for his golf than what he 's had to overcome to earn a spot in the field . but compton is n't shy about sharing his story , either .
neymar feels his team 's champions league tie with psg will prove a real ` spectacle ' . the brazil international is expecting fireworks following barcelona 's win over barclays premier league champions manchester city . barcelona and psg meet on april 15 in the french capital .
liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup quarter-final on wednesday . robbie fowler says liverpool 's players must focus on getting themselves . gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season to join la galaxy . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
blackburn rovers host liverpool in the fa cup quarter-final on wednesday . tom cairney 's contract negotiations have dominated the headlines in the past fortnight . blackburn manager gary bowyer and his players are also hoping the liverpool players ' studs will sink a little further into the ewood park turf .
blackburn rovers boss gary bowyer has challenged jordan rhodes to become an ewood park hero as the championship underdogs face liverpool in the first full house . rovers rejected a # 12million bid from hull city for scotland 's international rhode at the start of the season .
monaco drew 0-0 at home to montpellier on tuesday . a win would have moved monaco level on points with third-place marseille . coach leonardo jardim 's side failed to break down a well-organized montpelliers side . the visitors missed a penalty early in the second half when paraguay striker lucas barrios fired a penalty over the crossbar . substitute dimitar berbatov responds as monaco are held to a go
kenny miller and haris vuckic scored the decisive goal for rangers . genero zeefuik pulled back a late consolation for robbie neilson 's men . rangers closed out the game to make it three wins in a row . hearts had won nine on the bounce before today .
hugo lloris will miss sunday 's game against burnley . the france international was carried off on a stretcher early in the 4-3 win against leicester city and missed his country 's friendlies against brazil and denmark . tottenham are in seventh place in the table with eight games remaining .
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with italy in turin on tuesday night . townsend hit twitter to strike back at criticism from the former arsenal and england midfielder . the winger got taken off after 30 minutes the other week against united .
elliot minchella has joined london broncos on loan until the end of the season . the 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute super league appearances . london coach andrew henderson said : ` elliot comes highly recommended from leeds and has come through a good system ' .
england full-back mike brown is unsure when he will return to action . northampton wing george north suffered his fourth quick-fire concussions . ireland 's johnny sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term . brown is determined not to suffer an extended break so will not rush himself back to action ahead of time .
manchester city lost 3-0 to crystal palace at the etihad stadium on saturday . manuel pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle . the eagles have become a tough proposition under alan pardew . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
tim howard put in man of the match performance against southampton . eden hazard , mesut ozil and joey barton feature in this week 's list . manchester united beat aston villa 1-0 at old trafford on saturday . click here for all the latest everton news .
lauren hill , 19 , uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at children 's hospital in cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor . during her senior year of high school , lauren was diagnosed with dipg -lrb- diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma -rrb- , a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent .
study by brown university in rhode island found gaming boosts the ability to learn a number of tasks more accurately , and possibly puts gamers in an ` expert category ' of problem solving . but the researchers note they are not quite sure if gaming makes people learn skills better are more likely to become gamers . playing video games may not only improve ability to perform visual tasks .
liverpool beat manchester united 2-0 at anfield on saturday . joe allen believes liverpool have performed well against the big teams . the reds are five points off fourth place in the barclays premier league . click here for all the latest liverpool news with our live updates .
the catwalk show took place in xi'an , north-western china 's shaanxi province . it took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and the women 's clothing which is also worth around # 40,000 . the idea came after a chinese designer unveiled an extraordinary set of underwear made entirely of gold last year .
jack johnson beat tommy burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908 . black people were not supposed to rule over whites in any sphere of life . the great boxing pundit bert sugar put it , ` this was the white man 's crown ' . it is difficult to convey to a reader in 2015 shockwaves that johnson 's victory caused .
roberto martinez will hold talks with romelu lukaku after the striker 's agent suggested he could leave everton as soon as this summer . mino raiola said he would have never sanctioned the 21-year-old 's # 28million move to goodison park . the belgian international is just one season into a five-year contract .
the bird appears to be a golden eagle , despite speculation it is a bald . after standing and shaking its head , the big bird then moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot . as the ball rolls away the members of the north shore football club , its training session had been interrupted by the eagle .
the university , in ohio , took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman 's behind on march 21 . the married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a ` woman ' 's head and moving it toward your crotch ' . a source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave .
adam lyth left heathrow on thursday for three tests in the caribbean . the 22-year-old hit back in that match seven years ago with a second-innings of 132 . wisden later called him ` the find of the season ' in antigua .
rickie fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater who accused his girlfriend of being a ` gold digger ' . the golfer 's girlfriend , bikini model alexis randock , had posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week .
manuel pellegrini 's men limped to a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace . glenn murray fired the eagles ahead on 34 minutes with a close-range effort . yaya toure grabbed one back for the visitors but it was n't enough to stop city from losing further ground on league leaders chelsea .
jason puncheon appeared to be struck by a maoam sweet during monday 's match at selhurst park . the 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of the travelling manchester city fans when he was hit by the flying object during the second half .
nik simon gives us a run-down of each of the sides left in the competition . leinster are armed with international experience and had 11 players in the ireland squad who beat england last month . bath are short of experience in some key positions , particularly their up and coming backline .
mesut ozil missed arsenal 's premier league clash with newcastle last month . arsene wenger has spoken to ozil about the incident and insists he is satisfied with the # 42.5 million man 's explanation . the frenchman missed the clash at st james ' park with a cold .
keith curle is one of only four managers in the country 's top 92 clubs . the drain of leading english players to television rather than management was the key finding of a sportsmail study . it seems that talking about the game is more appealing to former players than a life orchestrating it -- easier money , less time and pressure .
harry kane will play for england 's under 21 team in this summer 's european championships . the 21-year-old will join up with the junior squad when he returns from tottenham 's post-season trip to malaysia and australia . ross barkley is excused from the championships despite being eligible to play for gareth southgate 's side .
andros townsend hailed harry kane as the ` best finisher ' he has played with . kane made his england debut as a substitute on friday against lithuania . he started last night 's friendly against italy in turin when townsend scored in a 1-1 draw .
alexis sanchez played 90 minutes in a match under pasquale marino . marino was the manager who brought sanchez into udinese 's first team in 2008 after he had been signed from chilean club side cobreloa two years earlier . sanchez was rested for two games by arsene wenger .
romelu lukaku is one of the most influential agents in the game . the italian middleman has been involved in transfer deals worth over # 400million . roberto martinez insists he is not concerned that romelu kukaku has joined forces with high-powered agent mino raiola ahead of a potential summer of transfer speculation .
michael duff is preparing to take on tottenham in the premier league on sunday . the 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of united . duff will be tasked with stopping spurs scoring sensation harry kane , 16 years his junior .
gareth southgate 's squad finished fourth last may and the nucleus of that group will be involved in the european under 21 championships this june . the fa felt the diversity and quality of opposition in toulon were key to helping young players ' education and the decision has been made to enter once again .
raheem sterling appeared to give his manager a pat on the back as they talked during liverpool 's training session . instead of talking about the race for a champions league pot of gold , rodgers found himself again discussing the subject of sterling 's silver . the response seemed well prepared , a message of solidarity combined with a show of strength .
the man , who has not been named , turned a gun on himself at the theme park around 2:15 pm friday afternoon , not far from visiting children and families . the ride was closed temporarily and guests were filmed being herded inside the ride by staff in the wake of the killing . universal studios has an official policy banning all weapons from its grounds , and searches guests before they enter .
john carver was assistant to ruud gullit in 1999 when on a sodden night at st james ' park . the dutchman left out alan shearer and duncan ferguson . carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season .
manchester united sit eight points behind leaders chelsea in the premier league . louis van gaal also admitted that marouane fellaini 's recent performances have made him almost undroppable . united currently sit fourth in the league but could rise or fall depending on their run-in form .
lexi thompson , 20 , will appear on the front of the may edition of golf digest . she appeared in the women 's u.s. open when she was just 12 . she celebrated the shoot by tweeting : ' i landed on the may cover of @golfdigest ! so pumped to represent fitness & power ' .
real madrid are desperate to land manchester united goalkeeper david de gea . but they are prepared to wait until next summer if louis van gaal wo n't negotiate . the spanish paper claims real are only prepared to pay for the keeper if united ` fix a reasonable price ' - otherwise they will nab him for free in a year .
ryan bertrand took to instagram to upload a snap of himself and his daughter in their matching cars . the southampton left back got his little girl a red ferrari just like his own . the 25-year-old has made 26 premier league appearances for southampton so far this season .
dick advocaat will not underestiamte the signficance of the wear-tyne derby . the 67-year-old took charge of sunderland for the first time on home soil tomorrow . the dutch boss was criticised by fans and the media for under-estimating the intensity of the rivalry .
frank lampard revealed he 'd ` love ' to see a gay footballer come out . the on-loan manchester city star spoke of his support and feels that football in evolving for the better . former west ham united midfielder thomas hitzlsperger came out as being gay .
sale sharks beat gloucester 23-6 at the aj bell stadium last saturday . danny cipriani has taken advantage of a rare free weekend from rugby . sale are currently seventh in the league standings and play-off place is not out of the question , head coach diamond conceded that a top-six finish looks more likely .
newcastle beat sunderland 1-0 in the tyne-wear derby on sunday . ryan taylor scored the winner at the stadium of light three seasons ago . the 30-year-old has been a fan in the crowd during three of the last four derby defeats . taylor is congratulated by newcastle defender steven taylor .
the 5.45 acre estate in san clemente , california was bought by the former commander in chief in 1969 . nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home , which was built in 1926 and overlooks the pacific ocean . among his guests were soviet leader leonid brezhnev and secretary of state henry kissinger .
remo midfielder ratinho sported his new hairstyle in the brazilian cup on thursday night . the 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football . ratinho 's side secured a 1-1 draw on the night thanks to a 76th minute strike from igor joao .
raheem sterling and theo walcott will likely go head-to-head at the emirates on saturday . arsenal do seem to perform slightly better when walcott features , winning 62.50 % of their premier league games when he is in the team , compared to 59.1 % without him .
manchester united face aston villa in the premier league on saturday . louis van gaal is set to discuss the club with sir alex ferguson soon . the former manchester united boss said the comments of united legends are always important because they have a lot of fans . click here for all the latest man united news .
barcelona beat chile 1-0 at the emirates stadium on sunday . neymar and alves headed to watch el clasico of basketball with the brazilian 's sister rafaella . real madrid remain top of their euro league division over their bitter rivals .
anthony joshua believes his ` hunger and determination ' will more than make up for jason gavern 's superior experience when the pair go head to head in newcastle on saturday . the london 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts but yet to go past three , while gavern is walking into the ring for the 50th time in his career .
arsenal boss arsene wenger does not know the exact reason alexis sanchez chose the emirates stadium over anfield . sanchez had his selection of clubs once barcelona had decided to let him leave , and following the world cup , the 26-year-old was convinced to continue his career under wenger 's expert guidance .
arsenal take on brendan rodgers ' side at the emirates , third in the premier league and six points clear of fifth-placed liverpool in the race for the top four . arsene wenger 's side managed to appear relatively relaxed ahead of such a vital contest .
courtney lawes made a trademark hit on france fly-half jules plisson . the england lock has been derided as a thug across the channel . the 26-year-old is a laid-back character and was unfazed by the storm . lawes is set to go big-game hunting again with no intention of toning down his use of legitimate force .
sir alex ferguson has picked neymar as the player to reach the level of lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo . the 23-year-old has been a star since joining barcelona from santos in his homeland two years ago . the former manchester united boss has tipped the brazilian star to challenge for the title of world 's best player .
juan mata reveals wayne rooney regularly tells him england can win euro 2016 in france . manchester united 's player of the month for march lifted the lid on england captain rooney 's bullish attitude looking ahead to the tournament in june next year . mata admits england could be a team to look out for .
the 18-year-old , who was booked into lower buckeye jail in phoenix two weeks ago , is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers . the inmate then began punching beatty and the other officer in the room , who used a taser but could not subdue the young man .
the man , known only as xu , tried to impregnate the ` daughter-in-law ' himself . after finding his son had not slept with his wife a single time , xu sold her off to another family through a middleman in his village for 10,000 yuan -lrb- # 1,093 -rrb- purchasing a wife for his son , who has learning difficulties . he spent six months trying to get wang pregnant , he realised that the young bride
simba was rescued by firefighters in meckenheim , near bonn , germany . owners helga and eberhard henkel lost their pet in early march and had looked everywhere - even hanging up notices in surrounding streets . but nearly four weeks later , a neighbour raised the alarm after hearing noises from under the bath .
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy . but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite .
the young swimmer was in the water in florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror as a giant manatee floated past her . footage , taken with the help of a selfie-stick , starts by showing the girl 's frightened face as she treads water desperately looking around for the plant-eating creature .
vicente del bosque was flabbergasted as to how his star-studded side failed to find the back of the net . holland 's stefan de vrij and davy klaassen proved decisive at the amsterdam arena . the spain boss says his side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes .
zlatan ibrahimovic would have been idolised if he had followed in the same footsteps at eric cantona , according to former marseille boss jose anigo . the paris saint-germain forward has been compared with cantona for the second time in the space of a few days following peter schmeichel 's comments regarding the 33-year-old . the sweden international has the ` personality ' required to become an old trafford great in the same
cape verde is a group of islands 400 miles from senegal off the west coast of africa . its population is around 500,000 and boasts both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes . manchester united winger nani is from cape verde and could have played for them instead of portugal .
radamel falcao has been unable to hold down regular first-team place at old trafford . the colombian striker has admitted to being upset by his lack of game time . the manchester united striker will consider his future at the end of this season . he scored a penalty against kuwait on monday .
cardiff will have no supporters present at saturday 's championship game against leeds united . the welsh club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets . both clubs have a history of fan trouble but leeds have not confirmed whether the decision for such a low number of tickets was down to the club , council or police .
stephen john docherty , 66 , pleaded guilty to wounding with intent . he hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property . at around 3.30 pm on march 17 mr docherty was agitated when he returned to find the work was n't carried out to his specifications . once the victim returned , the two men got in a heated argument .
st john paramedics were called to a home in wagaman , northern darwin . the 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle ` and then went for a lie down ' . there were over 500 calls made to northern territory police between 3pm-11pm on wednesday .
stenson has only recently recovered from flu but the swede will be hoping to mount a serious challenge . lee westwood has got an impressive recent record at augusta and justin rose has shown he can play well here . jason day has an outstanding chance to grab another win for australia .
black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia 's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning . video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch . after a few hours , animal control officers were able to coax the raccoon down from the flagpole .
keaway lafonz ivy , 21 , who went by the stage name kealo , died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet in the area of 62nd place and eastern avenue in seat pleasant wednesday . on friday , police arrested 21-year-old lafonzo leonard iracks and charged him in connection to ivy 's slaying .
the moment was captured on video and shows alaska department of fish and game biologist tom seaton leading 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile . the land mammals were freed from a temporary pen , where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition . they journeyed for a distance of about a mile and crossed the innoko river before reaching the grass meadows of lower innoko .
action shot taken at estavayer-le-lac in switzerland where latest water sports craze of jet surfing has taken off . contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface , almost resembling scenes from the film back to the future where michael j fox 's character marty mcfly climbs on to a futuristic hoverboard .
mi5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers . co-pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in the alps plane crash disaster . concerns are so great that one security source has warned : ` there 's nothing you can do to stop them committing an act of sabotage or terrorism ' .
mongolian khan took first place on the weekend 's prestigious $ 2 million australian derby , held in randwick on monday . his agent adian rodley did n't realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations . the race expert has since tweeted that he has no intention of watching the video .
coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern mediterranean on saturday and managed to save all passengers . rescues made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the eu via italy on the same period last year . three of the migrants ' boats were in difficulty and sent rescue requests via satellite phones while they were off the coast of libya .
former valencia striker aritz aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for athletic bilbao at san mames stadium . substitute rodrigo de paul had given the visitors a deserved lead 16 minutes into the second period . getafe boosted hopes of securing primera division status for next season .
santiago vergini is keen to stay at sunderland after revealing premier league survival could trigger the offer of a two-year permanent contract . argentinian returned to stadium of light on a season-long loan deal from costa rican side sport uruguay de coronado in august last year .
ashley young wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by neighbours manchester city . united have never lost five straight matches to their local rivals . young believes united have a good chance of defeating the barclays premier league champions if they maintain their current form . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
jack grealish is renowned for wearing his socks low when he takes to the field for aston villa . the ireland under 21 international says he 'll carry on that way after making his first premier league start on tuesday night . ` it 's a superstition that i 've done all my life and i 'm going to keep it that way , ' he said .
tiger woods says the par-3 contest is all about ` having fun , enjoying it and not winning ' . woods made it quite a family outing with girlfriend lindsey vonn at his side . yet asked what his goal for it is , woods said : ` have fun , enjoy it , and do n't win ' .
novak djokovic beat david ferrer 7-5 in the miami open semi-finals . the serbian will face tomas berdych in the semis of indian wells . the world no 1 is likely to face briton andy murray in the semi-final .
ap mccoy will attempt to win the irish grand national on cantlow . the 19-time champion won the 2007 running on butler 's cabin . the gelding won last year 's irish national under barry geraghty . the champion jockey could have ridden alderwood or if in doubt .
the irish challenge for next week 's # 1million crabbie 's grand national looks like being eight strong . trainer robbie hennessy confirmed rubi light is a definite runner . the grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over aintree-style fences on saturday under big race jockey andrew lynch .
william buick rode pretend to victory in the unibet sprint championship stakes on a good day for godolphin . the four-year-old beat complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for his trainer charlie appleby . buick predicted a big future back on turf for tryster .
marcelo bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act of sunday 's showdown with racing metro to clinch a 12-11 victory that has set up a last-four trip to st etienne 's stade geoffroy-guichard . the argentinian centre is then mobbed by his team-mates after landing the match-winning kick . however , mccall believes that facing clermont outside of their stade marcel-michelin
new zealand international francis saili has signed a two-year deal . utility back saili made his all blacks debut against argentina in 2013 . the 24-year-old currently plays for auckland-based super rugby side the blues and was part of the new zealand under-20 side that won the junior world championship in italy in 2011 .
dai young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap so english clubs can compete on the european stage . the comments came after his team lost 32-18 to toulon on sunday . lozowski makes a diving pass while his ankle is grasped by the toulon player on the ground .
england star anthony watson believes bath 's exit can be a driving force . watson and company were left to reflect on what might have been at dublin 's aviva stadium as six ian madigan penalties gave three-time european champions leinster a tense 18-15 quarter-final success . bath dominated for large parts of the second period and claimed tries through fly-half george ford and captain stuart hooper .
tim bresnan last played in whites for england during the 5-0 ashes defeat in the winter of 2013/14 . the double ashes-winner helped end yorkshire 's 13-year wait for a title last season , taking 30 wickets in 10 games at an average of 31.57 .
england paceman stuart broad fell short of century against his own team-mates . the decision was made to cull england and wales cricket board managing director paul downton . bairstow made 98 and joe root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine .
jack grealish made his first premier league start for aston villa against qpr on tuesday night . the 19-year-old saw villa lose twice at wembley in 2010 - in the league cup final and in the fa cup semi-final . the winger visited the national stadium to cheer on his boyhood club .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 on monday night . the premier league side have been targeted for a takeover by josh harris . the american businessman has been at palace since he and consortium saved the club from the brink of financial collapse in 2010 . palace chairman steve parish says alan pardew will have funds to improve the squad in the summer .
julian speroni will take his crystal palace career into a 12th season . goalkeeper has triggered a 12-month extension that will expire at the end of next season . the 35-year-old has played a lead role for palace this season . palace are on the look out for a new shirt sponsor after money transfer firm neteller ended their partnership with the club .
the toffees held the event to coincide with the school half-term holiday . fans were invited to watch roberto martinez put his players through their paces for free . romelu lukaku did not take part in the session but martinez has confirmed that the belgium striker does have a chance of being fit for the weekend .
paul mcshane has told his hull team-mates it 's time they woke up . it might have been handy if someone shared the message before they got off their bus in swansea on saturday . if hull do go down , and their final fixtures suggest it is a distinct possibility , then this will be among the missed opportunities they regret the most .
andy king was the hero as premier league strugglers leicester city struck late to earn a vital three points against west ham united . the welsh midfielder 's late winner against the hammers had a flurry of chances with schmeichel forced into two good saves and at the other end aaron cresswell made a miraculous block on the line to deny a andrej kramaric effort .
manchester united 's radamel falcao believes sergio aguero is his side 's biggest threat on sunday . the colombian striker was speaking at the #headtohead for puma 's ` evospeed 1.3 ' alongside the argentine when he spoke highly of this weekend 's manchester derby .
haris vuckic admits he does not know where he will be playing next season . the slovenian was loaned to rangers from newcastle on the final day of the january transfer window . the 22-year-old has won over rangers fans with six goals from 10 games .
james ward-prowse had just led england under 21s to a 3-2 victory over germany . the saints rising star was speaking in an interview with sportsmail 's dominic king . he started at southampton trying not to be noticed after starring displays for england u 21s and southampton .
tottenham hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at white hart lane . archway sheet metal works fought a legal challenge against a compulsory purchase order , progress is being made . the north london club 's neighbours fought a long court battle with tottenham over the development but failed with an appeal earlier this year .
tony pulis believes joey barton ` probably had a point ' about west brom losing their cool during defeat to queens park rangers earlier this season . tony pulis has admitted barton 's scathing judgement and plunging alan irvine to the brink of the sack . pulis said the club were 2-0 up and lost 3-2 to charlie austin hat-trick .
west ham defeated manchester united 3-2 on tuesday night . the 16-year-old scored with a header in the hammers ' defeat against the red devils . the goal will push oxford 's claims for a senior debut before the end of the season . oxford signed his first professional contract earlier this season .
josh harrop starred as manchester united secured a hard-earned victory against west ham united to go four points clear at the top of the under 21 premier league . basement boys west ham took a shock lead when reece oxford headed home an impressive delivery from josh cullen with just ten minutes played .
ronny deila agrees with gary teale 's claim that st mirren have one of the best pitches in the scottish premiership . buddies boss teale hit back at criticism received for the condition of the pitch on friday night . the norwegian was not backtracking on his assessment .
gary teale hit back at celtic boss ronny deila 's criticism of the st mirren park pitch . the parkhead club 's 2-0 win on friday night , deila branded most surfaces in the scottish premiership ` terrible ' and argued that artificial pitches would make for better spectacles .
stuart mccall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins . the former motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season . he is adamant he does n't expect any meaningful talks with the ibrox board until after the play-offs .
karim benzema hailed team-mate cristiano ronaldo as a ` phenomenon ' . the portuguese scored five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 mauling of granada . it was the first time in his career he has scored five in a single match .
christian benteke faces a substantial pay cut if his goals are not enough to keep aston villa in the premier league . the belgian striker has ambitions to play european football . he has scored seven goals in his last five villa games , earning the team an additional three points in the process .
england left for the caribbean on thursday knowing they must beat the west indies on their return to test cricket to salvage the futures of key personnel and silence speculation that continues to swirl around kevin pietersen . the stakes are high for england after a disastrous world cup and the introduction of a new ecb chairman in colin graves who has made it clear that jobs will be on the line in a three-test series that begins in antigua on april 13 .
manchester united beat aston villa 1-0 at old trafford on saturday . ander herrera scored twice as united ended up beating villa 3-1 . van gaal admitted that he was so pleased with herrera 's first goal . the dutchman said he had been imploring the spanish midfielder to control the ball before shooting in order to demonstrate a greater level of composure .
paolo dybala has been linked with a number of europe 's top clubs . the argentine forward scored his 13th league goal of the season on saturday . palermo president maurizio zamparini says arsenal and juventus have already approached the club with bids .
real madrid have their ` six nations ' available again . carlo ancelotti has been out of action since february with a foot injury . the former monaco playmaker has a fearsome front line of different nationalities ready to chase down barcelona in la liga run-in .
amir khan was joined by his wife faryal makhdoom khan as well as his daughter lamysa as they all enjoyed some time off . earlier this week khan ended speculation over his next opponent by announcing he will fight former light-welterweight world champion chris algieri on may 30 .
jose mourinho did n't rule out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to japan . the squad is likely to fly out on either may 28 or 29 for a two-match , week-long trip . the news may concern a string of international bosses who will be relying on chelsea players for their mid-june friendlies and qualifiers .
blackburn rovers boss gary bowyer has hit out at fa cup rules . blackburn midfielder john o'sullivan is ineligible to play in fa cup fifth round replay against liverpool in wednesday night 's replay . bowyer wanted to include 21-year-old man john oscar .
sean dyche believes his side are more than capable of avoiding relegation . the clarets are gearing up for the final eight games of their barclays premier league survival battle reinvigorated after a warm-weather training camp . burnley were written off by many after failing to win any of their opening 10 games .
napoli president aurelio de laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp ` for an unlimited period of time ' if they do not improve between now and the end of the season . the result heaps more pressure on boss rafael benitez who has not matched the success of his first season .
lebron james won two nba titles with miami before moving back to ohio . point guard kyrie irving also scored 23 points while the heat saw dwyane wade go down with a knee injury in the first half . the 30-year-old also passed patrick ewing into 20th placed on the nba 's all-time scoring list .
jacques burger takes on racing metro in paris on sunday in the european champions cup quarter-final . the flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game .
blackpool drew 1-1 with reading at bloomfield road on tuesday night . a flare , smoke bomb and firework were tossed into the cordoned-off area in front of the main reception area . jamie o'hara scored from the penalty spot to give blackpool a lead .
england captain alastair cook completed a century on the second morning of england 's opening tour match in the west indies . cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out . cook offered a gentle wave of the bat and a handshake to partner gary ballance .
jonathan trott and alastair cook combine impressively as england produce dominant display . the pair came together at the top of the order yesterday for the first time since a brief experiment in bangladesh five years ago in what was a low-key return to work after the embarrassment of england 's first round exit .
chelsea face stoke city at home on saturday in the first of their final nine games of the season . jose mourinho was speaking at chelsea 's press conference ahead of their premier league clash . the belgian said earlier this week he is feeling weary as the season reaches its climax .
liverpool lost 2-2 to manchester united in the premier league on saturday . the defeat could leave liverpool eight points adrift of the top four . raheem sterling and phlippe coutinho train ahead of the vital trip to arsenal . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
olivier giroud 's barclays premier league player of the month award makes the french league 's outright most successful foreign nationality . giroud netted five times in arsenal 's four consecutive league wins last month as arsene wenger 's side took all 12 points on offer to claim the award for march .
kenwyne jones came from the bench to put ipswich ahead in the early exchanges of the game . bournemouth had to wait until the 82nd minute for jones , taken on loan from cardiff 10 days ago , to power in a header . sears converted from close range to put the hosts ahead .
liverpool lost 13-match unbeaten league run to manchester united on saturday . brendan rodgers has urged his side to perform well in the clash with arsenal . the reds boss says they must avoid a repeat of the disappointing first-half display against united which led to their defeat .
liverpool face arsenal in the lunchtime premier league kick-off on saturday . five hat-tricks have been scored in this match-up since the inception of the premier league . arsenal have produced the most hat-trick in a single fixture in premier league history . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
liverpool players mario balotelli , fabio borini , rickie lambert and lazar markovic arrived at melwood . the merseysiders were led to believe that the dutch free-kick specialist was a competition winner who had won the opportunity to meet the anfield stars . the stand-in keeper was helpless as the youtube star 's strike sailed into the top corner .
rickie fowler 's girlfriend , bikini model alexis randock , had posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week . the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers , which included an abusive commenter known as ` fatalsplash ' who was quick to judge and accused alexi of being a ` gold digger ' .
mark wood has been called up by england for the test series against west indies . the 25-year-old would be forgiven for checking the fit , because standing at 5ft 11in and weighing just over 12st , he is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler .
darren lehmann defended his players following criticism of their behaviour . wicketkeeper brad haddin came under fire for his send-off of kiwi opener martin guptill . grant elliott was also given a less-than-sporting sending-off by haddin .
yorkshire have signed india international cheteshwar pujara until the end of may . younus was set to be yorkshire 's overseas signing for 2015 . batsman is now looking to be part of pakistan 's potential tour party to bangladesh , effectively ruling him out of any playing time in the lv = county championship .
ian bell has signed a three-year contract extension with warwickshire . the 32-year-old has gone on to play 105 test matches and 161 one-day internationals for england . bell has won five trophies with the county championship in 2004 and 2012 , the b&h cup in 2002 .
marco negri has revealed he quit the scottish giants after fearing he was hiv-positive . negri joined the ibrox outfit from italian side perugia for # 3.5 million in 1997 . but a series of injuries destabilised his career in glasgow including a reserve match against aberdeen on november 13 , 2000 .
raheem sterling 's controversial ` it 's - not-about-the-money ' campaign led him to the emirates stadium , where liverpool and arsenal fans united to protest against the rising price of football for travelling fans . sterling was brought down by hector bellerin for liverpool 's penalty , which was only a consolation .
muliaina , who earned a century of caps for new zealand before retiring after the 2011 world cup , signed for connacht at the beginning of the season . moments after his side 's 14-7 loss at kingsholm , the kiwi veteran was led away to a police van with the entire incident broadcasted live on tv .
the changes may also affect consumers buying products for less than $ 1,000 online from overseas . consumer advocacy group choice says tech-savvy australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks . the government should instead be tackling the exorbitant domestic costs of tv shows , music and movies .
darren gough has rejoined surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn his place in england 's ashes squad this summer . pietersen 's close friend says his pal only has a small chance of returning for england . but gough believes there is still only a slim chance of his friend .
john hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer that had spread to his brain and lungs in 2009 , at age of 33 . the former celtic striker admitted to having a gambling problem that he faced up to after beating cancer . he said he felt ` as good as dead ' upon receiving the news .
the website has published three chelsea kits with the incoming ` yokohama ' sponsor across the front , albeit without the adidas emblem , the club 's kit manufacturer . however , the alleged new kit can be bought with ` bale 9 ' on the back . bale has struggled at real madrid this season and reports have linked him with a return to england .
arsenal moved nine points clear of their top four rivals liverpool . goals from hector bellerin , mesut ozil and alexis sanchez put the gunners 3-0 ahead . olivier giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time .
leeds owner massimo cellino said majority shareholder eleonora sport were considering an offer . but leeds chairman andrew umbers said he was not aware of an offer from red bull when contacted by bbc radio leeds on saturday morning . the soft drink giants own three football clubs .
david villa has enjoyed a solid start in america , scoring once and helping his side to third place in the eastern conference . the former barcelona forward posted the picture on his instagram . the arrival of frank lampard at the end of the premier league season will be a major boost .
steven gerrard left liverpool at the end of the season after an illustrious career and amazingly club legend steve heighway predicted that he 'd be a success . the former england captain was reporting on a game between england schoolboys and republic of ireland and cast his eye over a young grard .
arsenal thrashed liverpool 4-1 at home with goals from hector bellerin , mesut ozil , alexis sanchez and olivier giroud . wenger says his team have to focus on winning every game in order to be ready for any setbacks that chelsea may suffer .
harry kane won his first senior caps for england last week . but he is still eligible for gareth southgate 's young lions . but dalglish believes he has proven himself capable of making the step up . kane is ready to be a permanent member of the full squad .
manchester city face chelsea in the premier league on monday . manuel pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the champions league places . the fading champions could even find themselves in fourth place before they next play at crystal palace . the move comes after a frustrating second half of the season .
arsenal and liverpool fans left their seats empty at the emirates stadium for the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime barclays premier league clash in a protest against ticket prices . supporters from both clubs say they are ` disgusted ' at the continuing rise of ticket prices , with the protest coming in the aftermath of the announcement of the premier league 's # 5.14 billion tv rights deal .
leeds fans , kevin speight and christopher loftus were killed before the uefa cup semi-final first leg against galatasaray in taksim square , istanbul . a minute 's silence will be held before leeds and blackburn rovers meet at elland road on saturday .
the wide receiver , who is a sophomore at southern methodist university , wrote on twitter thursday , ` got ta get the hood doughnuts almost every morning ' . if my doughnuts do n't come in a plain white box , i do n n't want them ! ' then , seeing this tweet , dad deion sanders decided to have a little fun with his son , and give him a piece of his mind , writing back ; ` you 're a huxtable with a
analysts watch graphic content and look at violent photos to gain clues . analysts watch clips of beheadings , violent attacks and hard core pornography . sometimes graphic clips and photos contain encrypted messages . analysts often suffer sensations of sickness , bouts of grief , period of depression and experience anger , periods of depression .
kurt cobain is clearly visible in nirvana 's merged shot . features of eddie van halen dominate image of vanhalen . john lennon is touted as the ` face ' of the beatles because he took lead on many songs . band members in particular shine through .
the broward state attorney 's office reported on thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases , 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers . nearly 20 more dismissals expected . the arresting officers in the cases , which include burglary , cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm , are no longer on the police force .
the weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless in the insect 's grasp . the tiny creature uses the poise of a circus performer or an american wrestler as it tries to escape . in its desperate efforts to escape , wrapping itself around the ant .
derek skyler brux , 22 , pleaded guilty in january for unhitching a pair of locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country . brux then crashed into an inactive union pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again . he must also pay $ 63,000 in restitution to rail link , his employer .
jia binhui , 25 , can not afford hospital treatment and hopes his alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease . he built a human barbecue in his garden in yunlong county in southwest china 's yunnan province , which he lies on above a fire below , like a spit roast .
kunaratnam kunanatha , 36 , admitted seven offences under food safety and hygiene regulations at medway magistrates ' court . they included a lack of cleaning , having an uncontrolled mice infestation and selling unfit food . he was fined # 14,500 and ordered to pay # 2,793 in costs .
jose mourinho has revealed that he talks to god every day , but never about football and never discusses the game with his wife . the 52-year-old football manager said that he tries his best to separate his professional and his family life . chelsea are currently top of the league and are playing struggling qpr this weekend .
the cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice . he died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne and family members . a veteran of 63 test matches , benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s .
patrick o'flynn , who is also the party 's economics spokesman , said ukip needs to ` work harder ' as it is ` lagging ' behind with female voters . polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back uritip , compared to only 10 % of women .
vanessa santillan 's body was found in a # 400,000 flat in fulham . the 33-year-old mexican national died as a result of injuries to her head and neck . she worked as a transgender escort in london , paris and miami .
england beat china 2-1 at manchester city 's academy stadium . reading striker kirby scored the second goal of her short international career . england struggled to build on their early assault on the china goal . wang shanshan cut china 's arrears after shaky defending .
fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the turkish championship . the bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport . there was no mention of any injuries to anyone else . the window nearest the driver was smashed during the attack on saturday . the club posted several pictures of the bus on their website .
louis van gaal 's side sit fourth in the barclays premier league . manchester united beat liverpool 2-1 at anfield on saturday . wayne rooney feels the club are on course to qualify for the champions league . click here for all the latest man united news .
jonathon stevenson was just 16 when he asked for benaud 's advice on left-handed leg spin . he shared the lengthy response on twitter as a tribute to the ` great man ' . accompanying the letter from benaud dated september 27 , 1996 , was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on sunday . wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley as manchester united ran out winners . united are now eight points clear of fifth-placed liverpool who lost 4-1 to arsenal and are odds-on to qualify for the champions league .
dan klice , 57 , was officiating at a competition held at ramapo college in mahwah , new jersey , when he was pierced by the projectile . police say that he saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process .
jonathan stevenson was just 16 when he asked for benaud 's advice on left-handed leg spin . he shared the lengthy response on twitter as a tribute to the ` great man ' . accompanying letter from benaud dated september 27 , 1996 , was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers .
raheem sterling has rejected a contract extension worth # 100,000 a week . the 20-year-old has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season . brendan rodgers said he would be inclined to stay at liverpool if left to make a decision alone .
chelsea were made to work hard for their three points against stoke . charlie adam equalised with an incredible strike from inside his own half . gary cahill and john terry leap up to block an attempt at goal from stoke 's philipp wollscheid . chelsea had the lead and tried to help in attack down the wing .
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters . the video featured on the people 's daily online shows the young animal taking unsteady steps , wobbling about with its snout to the ground , foraging for food .
the talented toddler , believed to be from china and female , carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs dance moves to music . happily bobbing along to the music , the youngster who is thought to be aged between two and three years old , slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware .
aitor karanka 's team are top of a division that has witnessed leadership change hands 15 times . watford 's 18-goal striker odion ighalo helped granada reach la liga in 2011 and admits he only signed for watford to play in the english top flight .
gary caldwell will take charge of wigan at craven cottage on friday . scotland international has made no secret of his intentions to take up coaching in the past . mackay was relieved of his duties following wigan 's 2-0 defeat to derby on easter monday .
brentford beat fulham 6,000 at craven cottage on a day for fans to savour . stuart dallas slunk back into his dugout and boos descended down on kit symons . ross mccormack 's 67th minute penalty halved the deficit .
peter moores insists he could work with michael vaughan if he becomes england 's new director of cricket . moores was not sure england needed another voice in the dressing room . the new man is expected to be a supremo who will be very much with the team .
michael vaughan , alec stewart and and andrew strauss are three former captains bidding to lead england 's reform . all three achieved a great deal while playing for england and are well-respected figures within the game . sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in english cricket .
robert lewandowski returned to haunt his former club as bayern munich beat borussia dortmund . the poland international scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer . pep guardiola 's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the bundesliga .
mario balotelli was not included in the liverpool squad to face arsenal . brendan rodgers revealed the italian had withdrawn himself from the squad . arsenal ran out 4-1 winners against liverpool at the emirates on saturday . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
tom wood jokingly thanked clermont for inviting northampton to open training session . the saints lost 37-5 to northampton at the stade marcel-michelin . northampton captain dylan hartley leads his team off the pitch . scottish winger napolioni nalaga runs with the ball during the match .
diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury during chelsea 's 2-1 win over stoke city . jose mourinho threw costa on at half-time after going into the interval at 1-1 after charlie adam 's 66-yard equaliser to cancel out eden hazard 's opener .
mauricio pochettino has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in england just over two years ago . the argentinian tripped michael owen to give away the penalty that david beckham converted in the 2002 world cup finals . the 43-year-old is also becoming the manager for whom young englishmen wish to play .
rory mcilroy could become the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national on sunday . he has designs on not just filling his trophy cabinet but becoming the true figurehead of his sport . mcginley says the world no 1 aims to be an iconic figure in world sport .
blaine taylor from aberdeen , scotland , competing against his older brother , cody . but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill , he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground . immediately blaine starts wailing with tears welling up in his eyes .
hibs boss alan stubbs feared unrest among fans if his side formed a guard of honour for hearts in the edinburgh derby . hearts head coach robbie neilson and jambos defender alim ozturk have both rounded on their city rivals for refusing a public display of acknowledgement for championship title winners at easter road . rangers lined up to applaud hearts on to the ibrox pitch when the teams played just over a week ago , and queen of the south and alloa
sam allardyce 's contract expires at the end of the season and his future at the club under co-owners david gold and david sullivan remains unsure . west ham have already beaten their total in the barclays premier league season last year by two points with seven games to spare .
the 30-year-old made history when she took on katie taylor in the first round of the women 's lightweight competition at london 2012 . jonas , a former world and european bronze medallist , said it just felt like the right time to retire .
thomas bjorn 's ball flew into a crowd of spectators and landed firmly in the lap of a female fan . american russell henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second masters . bubba watson fought back with a solid 71 to keep him in the hunt .
willett finished one-under but it was his monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th . england 's danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta national . the 27-year-old was in the second group out at 7.56 am .
arnold palmer , the seven-time major champion and now 85 years old , has been struggling in his recovery from a dislocated shoulder . he ignored the pain to take his place alongside jack nicklaus and gary player as the honorary starters on thursday morning . palmer hit his shot low and left but the crowds will have been thrilled to see the legend in action .
novak djokovic beat john isner 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 6-2 in the final of the miami open . the no 1 will face andy murray , who defeated tomas berdych 6-4 . djokka is aiming to win his fifth key biscayne title .
nico rosberg and lewis hamilton visited mercedes ' brackley base . the pair appeared to be singing from the same hymn sheet on thursday . vettel finished 8.5 seconds ahead of hamilton and 12.5 secs . click here for more formula one news .
lewis hamilton said the incident occurred at nelson mandela 's 90th birthday party back in 2008 . the 30-year-old 's success has enabled him to meet stars in other sports as well as showbiz celebrities and key political figures . the british racer said he once stepped on former president bill clinton 's foot .
the german gp was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems and f1 commercial head bernie ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the italian grand prix . the race had been in doubt due to questions over which circuit would host the race , which has been shared between hockenheim and nurburgring in recent seasons .
lewis hamilton has opened up about the meaning behind his tattoos . the mercedes racer leads the drivers ' championship after two races of the 2015 season after finishing first and second . the 30-year-old discusses the significance of his personal body art . hamilton believes the physical demands of racing are often under-estimated by fans .
work has started on repairing the roof of the silverstone motor racing circuit which was damaged by high winds during the last couple of days . part of the ` wing ' - the $ 40million -lrb- # 27m -rrb- , three-story corporate building at the host venue of formula one 's british grand prix - was affected by the winds on late sunday and monday .
jason robinson has revealed he once contemplated suicide during a troubled period of his career in which he was arrested for violent offences . the 40-year-old former dual-code international admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club wigan . robinson played a key role in england 's 2003 world cup win against australia in sydney .
yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title . kevin pietersen will hope his runs help surrey to promotion from the second tier . former surrey batsman mark butcher 's guide to the county championship . hampshire players join in with a selfie with sponsors at their ageas bowl home in southampton .
pakistan cricket board chairman shaharyar khan says zimbabwe is willing to tour pakistan for five one-day international matches . khan will meet with officials of the zimbabwe cricket union on the sidelines of an icc meeting in dubai next week and says ' i hope you will receive good news very soon ' .
alex rodriguez returned from a suspension that spanned all of the 2014 season for admitted to receiving and using performance-enhancing drugs from a florida clinic . but a-rod received a warm welcome on his comeback , with fans even holding up signs that read ` forgive ' in the crowd .
tim sherwood has revealed he is still in touch with tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy and even thanks the club 's board for ending his time at white hart lane . levy sacked sherwood as spurs head coach at the end of last season and brought in mauricio pochettino .
jordan henderson toiled as a wing back in liverpool 's defeat against arsenal . england star has not given the ball away as much all season for liverpool . john o'shea has clearly learned the canny defender 's art of letting his brain do all the running .
harry kane was chosen as spurs captain after a week which has also seen him score on his england debut and make his first start for the national team . kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ` best week of my life ' . tottenham boss mauricio pochettino admitted a top-four place may be beyond his side as they are seven points off fourth-placed manchester city .
michael duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer harry kane at turf moor . kane 's first outing as captain of tottenham failed to inspire spurs in an insipid 0-0 draw against burnley in a result which helped neither side .
nedum onuoha is wanted by hull city . the qpr centre-back has 15 months left on contract . the 28-year-old has played regularly under chris ramsey . stoke are also interested in west bromwich albion 's victor anichebe .
andy king was the hero as premier league strugglers leicester city struck late to earn a vital three points . the 26-year-old believes the momentum they are taking into the final eight matches of the season could be enough to propel them above the drop zone . but king believes leicester survival is still a ` big ask ' despite win over west ham .
leicester beat west ham 2-1 in their premier league clash on saturday . esteban cambiasso scored with a sweet strike in the 12th minute to put his side 1-0 up at the king power stadium . the former real madrid and inter milan star has received high praise from his manager nigel pearson .
daniel agger has been banned for two games for violent conduct . the incident happened during the hotly-contested derby against copenhagen . match officials took no action during the game , which finished in a goalless draw . agger is involved in a physical battle with copenhagen striker andreas cornelius .
sheffield united 's diego de girolamo is leaving bramall lane this summer . the italy under 20 international is out of contract and has an offer from juventus . celtic and southampton are also monitoring the situation of the forward . click here for all the latest transfer news .
west brom are willing to listen to offers for neil taylor this summer . the wales international has impressed several premier league managers . tony pulis is keen to jump in and show his desire to sign the defender . the 26-year-old has been an ever-present in swansea 's side this season .
tottenham drew 0-0 with burnley at white hart lane on sunday . harry kane 's third go was no good but a fourth out of shot hit the mark . the game ended a sucessful day for the club whose form has been mixed of late with a disappointing 0-1 draw .
jeremy peace is ready to shelve the sale of west bromwich albion if a deal is not in place by july . peace owns 77 per cent and is looking to sell the club for between # 150million to # 200m . aston villa are already in talks with potential buyers .
bobby zamora scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns . chris ramsey will hope queens park rangers ' season can follow a similarly implausible trajectory . eduardo vargas opened the scoring with a 25-yard strike .
james tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month . the defender hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season . tomkins has undergone successful surgery to dislocate his shoulder . west ham united midfielder kevin nolan has settled down with his rehab . click here for all the latest west ham news .
celtic boss ronny deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough . the norwegian had been steeped in the nuances of scottish football . deila said he had to really learn a lot of new things and get settled . ` we played dundee away - 1-1 - and we could n't play worse than we did , ' he said .
haris vuckic has thrived at rangers under new manager stuart mccall . the slovenian has scored six times since signing for rangers . the 22-year-old admits any possibility of staying at ibrox beyond the end of this season would be an immensely attractive option .
cristiano ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee mario melero lopez after he was chopped down by antonio amaya . real madrid want the yellow card shown to their star forward . the decision means he could be suspended for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday .
rio ferdinand believes louis van gaal 's decision to return wayne rooney to his favoured attacking role has led to manchester united 's upturn in performance levels . ferdinand said rooney playing as a striker is fundamental to united hitting fifth gear . united have only lost twice in the premier league in 2015 .
peter quillin may be nicknamed ` kid chocolate ' but shows none of the expected arrogance . the 31-year-old 's verbal patter buzzes with a modesty and philosophical slant which often betrays the expectations of a hard-hitting middleweight . quillin was due to defend against undefeated russian matt korobov .
billy joe saunders and chris eubank jnr were involved in a war of words during a press conference on thursday . the pair clashed in a 12-round grudge match on november 29 with british , commonwealth and european middleweight champions saunders handing his rival his first career defeat .
glenn murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season . harry kane and diego costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish . papiss cisse and olivier giroud have had a fine season despite missing a large chunk of it through injury .
atletico madrid beat cordoba 2-0 at bottom side cordoba on saturday . antoine griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season by netting opener . valencia are currently two points behind atletico but do have a game in hand over their top four rivals .
joey barton believes his side have a ` hell of a chance ' of staying up . rangers won 4-1 away at the hawthorns on saturday to end losing run of five matches . chris ramsey 's side are still in the barclays premier league drop zone .
crystal palace have won six out of 10 league games since pardew succeeded neil warnock at the start of the year to all but guarantee their place in the premier league next season . the eagles were in the bottom three when pardew took over and their climb up the table has succeeded in easing relegation fears .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on saturday . ander herrera opened the scoring before half time . christian benteke pulled one back for tim sherwood 's side . sportsmail 's dominic king gives his player ratings from old trafford .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . but louis van gaal has warned his players that champions league qualification is still not assured despite holding an eight-point gap over liverpool . the derby is important in the battle to finish runners-up .
ander herrera has established himself in louis van gaal 's first team plans after missing out in previous months . the 25-year-old 's head has never dropped and in the interview with the club publication . herrera started just three of the 21 games manchester united played in that period .
anthony joshua stopped american jason gavern in the third round . gavern , in his 50th fight , was dropped twice in the second round and twice more . the newcastle man was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back .
dereck chisora has not boxed since he was stopped by switch-hitting tyson fury at london 's excel arena in november . the fight was a final eliminator for a shot at wladimir klitschko 's wbo title and fury is now the mandatory challenger for that strap .
rangers winger david templeton spoke out about ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall . templeton said mccall had introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation which had been lacking under the previous management . the former hearts star has now warned the former scotland cap he is not ` undroppable ' .
dave king is back on the rangers board after being cleared by the court of session . south african-based businessman hopes the decision will convince the sfa to pass him as ` fit and proper ' in the final stage of approval . king won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the boardroom at the club 's pivotal extraordinary general meeting last month .
fabian orellana has been handed a one-match ban by the spanish football federation following his straight-red card . the incident happened during barcelona 's 1-0 win over celta on sunday . naturally , busquets made the most of the contact and grabbed his eye .
xavi has managed just five starts for barcelona in 21 games since the turn of the year . the barcelona midfielder recently travelled to qatar to discuss a possible switch to al sadd ahead of next season . however , after xavi assisted jeremy mathieu 's winning goal against celta vigo on sunday , enrique believes the midfielder has a vital role to play in the club 's hunt for the treble .
franck ribery has won four bundesliga titles as well as a champions league during his time with the german giants . the 32-year-old fell out with then-bayern head coach louis van gaal . he was convinced to stay after being sold on his importance by the club 's elite .
jurgen klopp 's men have failed to score in four of their last five league games . borussia dortmund face hoffenheim in the dfb pokal on tuesday . dortmund have scored 34 goals in 27 games in the bundesliga and gabon international pierre-emerick aubameyang leads the scoring charts with 18 in all competitions .
alexis sanchez has been in storming form with 20 goals in all competitions . the chilean played alongside di natale for five years at serie a side udinese . he said : ' i know what you are going to ask . and the answer is yes he 's the best partner i had in my life ' .
roberto pereyra and leonardo bonucci scored as juventus beat fiorentina . carlos tevez , paul pogba and andrea pirlo all scored for juventus . the former premier league striker was to miss the match due to a thigh injury just hours before kick-off .
roma have been ordered to close part of their stadium for next home game . banner displayed during roma 's 1-0 defeat of napoli on saturday . the banner caused outcry for insulting the mother of a napoli fan who died after violent clashes last year . a serie a disciplinary tribunal stated the banners were ` by their content provocatively insulting to the woman of a supporter of the opposing team , who died in dramatic circumstances ' .
kevin toner is out of contract at the end of the summer . norwich , leicester , newcastle and stoke have watched toner . the central defender has been capped by republic of ireland 's under-19s . tim sherwood is keen to develop aston villa 's young talent .
hibs boss alan stubbs has emerged as a candidate to succeed malky mackay after he was sacked by wigan athletic . stubbs is currently embroiled in a tough promotion battle with the easter road side , but is believed to be among wigan 's top targets as they battle to avoid relegation from the championship .
celtic beat bottom side st mirren 2-0 in paisley on friday night . ronny deila 's side are eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the scottish premiership . stefan johansen believes his side 's title aspirations ` look great ' .
celtic moved eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the premiership . ronny deila was impressed with his side 's performance against st mirren . the james forrest strike and stefan johansen 's penalty were enough to see off a spirited challenge by the bottom side .
ian poulter , who has two top 10 finish at the masters in his 10 attempts , has simply said to hell with it , let 's have some fun . the 29-year-old says he is taking things too easy in the build-up to the most eagerly-anticipated week of the golfing year .
gary player will attend his 58th masters this week fully expecting to welcome a new member to the game 's most exclusive club and salute what he considers would be one of the sport 's finest accomplishments . the great man considers tiger woods completing the career grand slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen .
rory mcilroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career grand slam at augusta . woods is ranked 111th in the world at present , at the course on wednesday . this is 155 years after the first major championship , another season opens with a potentially epochal event .
barcelona beat levante 5-0 in their la liga opener on february 15 . luis enrique is not concerned by neymar 's recent goal drought . the 23-year-old looked particularly out of sorts in sunday 's 1-0 win at celta vigo .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 in their champions league clash . manuel pellegrini believes palace 's first goal was clearly offside . glenn murray and jason puncheon were furious that murray 's opener was allowed to stand , feeling it should have been disallowed .
rory mcilroy is one of only five players to win the masters , the open , the us pga championship and the us open . the world no 1 is now 103 places above woods in the world rankings . the clip features a number of young actors portraying him as a kid and into his teenage years .
former manchester united midfielder quinton fortune claims neymar looked a shadow of his former self during barcelona 's 1-0 win over celta vigo . barcelona ensured they remained four points clear of title rivals real madrid by scrapping to a hard-fought victory over mid-table outfit . however , despite the win , fortune insists barcelona boss luis enrique should be concerned by ney mar 's body language during the la liga encounter .
charlie adam scored the goal of his career during stoke city 's defeat to chelsea . the scotland international picked the ball up inside his own half . courtois scrambled back towards goal but was unable to deny the 29-year-old former liverpool man the goal .
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 in the premier league on sunday . john terry hailed eden hazard as one of the world 's best players . the belgian scored a 66-yard equaliser for the visitors . but loic remy was on hand to turn home hazard 's square pass .
raheem sterling first came to the attention of the wider world in a tv documentary charting brendan rodgers ' early days in charge of liverpool in the summer of 2012 . in footage from a pre-season training session , the liverpool manager is seen rebuking sterling -- then a talented but largely untried teenager -- for answering him back . a little more than two-and-a-half years on and much has changed . now sterling is a 20-year-old
paul casey has returned to the world 's top 50 after leaving the european tour in time to earn qualifying points this season . the englishman will struggle to play the 13 events required for membership . casey last played in the 2008 defeat by usa at valhalla in 2006 .
odion ighalo opened the scoring after 15 minutes to go to slip a weighted pass to watford team-mate adlene guedioura . the final act was heurelho gomes producing a fingertip save from richard keogh 's header . troy deeney made the score 2-2 on friday night .
dundee united lost 2-0 to dens park on wednesday night . the scottish premiership outfit have failed to win any of their last 10 games . the loss at dens park saw jackie mcnamara 's team make it 10 matches without a win . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
edinson cavani has rejected rumours that he does not get on with zlatan ibrahimovic . reports suggested a breakdown in the pair 's relationship and earlier in the season coach laurent blanc even said they must improve their partnership on the pitch . former napoli forward cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with the sweden international .
nick abendanon was man of the match for the third time against premiership opposition this year . former bath full back ran amok as the premiership champions were thrashed 37-5 , scoring one try from long range . the 28-year-old is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad .
a video posted online by youtube user ratbag nomad shows tourists how it 's done . emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of australia . as the tour guide started peddling his legs slowly in the air , he looks like something between an up-side down bicycle rider and a dead cockroach .
tottenham have registered their interest in marseille star andre ayew . the forward is out of contract this summer and will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season . inter milan are primarily targeting players who are 26 and under this summer , and ayew falls into that category .
tim sherwood would sit for hours with his coaches chris ramsey and les ferdinand in the staff canteen . they were always together , forming an alliance after tottenham chairman daniel levy made sherwood responsible for the club 's youth and under 21 programmes in 2008 . on tuesday evening they will be in opposing dug-outs at villa park .
harry kane believes tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the champions league this season . the 21-year-old became the youngest premier league captain this season during the drab goalless draw against burnley on easter sunday . kane has 29 club goals under pochettino this season and is the main reason to have lasted the pace until now .
raheem sterling should focus on his football rather than his pay-packet . harry redknapp insists sterling is not ready to move to the likes of real madrid . the 68-year-old also conceded that if he wants to force a move , there is very little liverpool can do to stop him .
raheem sterling gave an interview last week in which he suggested he was considering his future at the club . but rodgers insisted that he has no worries about sterling leaving in the summer , and that he will continue to play throughout the rest of the season . the forward has not yet signed a new contract .
michael owen has warned raheem sterling that life after liverpool may not be all he hopes it would be . the 20-year-old started his senior career at liverpool but eventually moved on to real madrid in 2004 . owen feels that sterling is in a great place to develop .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has fanned the flames of raheem sterling 's contract stand-off with liverpool . the 20-year-old has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week deal with the club . brendan rodgers insists sterling is not for sale this summer .
olivier giroud scored five goals in four games for arsenal in march . france striker thwarting harry kane 's bid for third award in a row . wenger inspired arsenal to four wins from four games in the premier league . the gunners are now a point behind second-placed manchester city .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool until the summer . the 20-year-old gave an interview to the bbc on wednesday giving his reasons for his decision . it is not as if he will be able to forget about the decision in the coming weeks , particularly as his stance appears to have damaged his relationship with supporters .
raheem sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself , according to roy keane . the manchester united manager did n't mention in the same conversation that his son , jason , stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal .
the women filled in a notebook each , and handed it back to dove . unbeknownst to the women , those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script . what happened next , shocked them all . dove recruited two undercover actresses to read the script , created using the notes each of the women made about themselves .
twin 18-month-old boys were pronounced dead at a hospital in yuma , arizona . police search lasted more than an hour , the brothers were pulled from the water . the area along the canal is used by families for walks and by joggers and a family member was nearby .
former us president george h.w. bush , 90 , fell ill in december and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath . bush is a fan of associated tennis professionals -lrb- atp -rrb- world tour 250 events and lives in the houston area with his wife barbara .
abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was found slumped in a volkswagen passat on wednesday morning in wembley . the imam described as ` the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet ' . he was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace .
gang of fly-tippers dumped 40 tonnes of industrial waste at side of road . mounds of rubbish described by one police officer as the worst he has seen in 30 years . it is believed the gang used three tractors and trailers to dump the waste . police , the national farmers ' union and the country land .
the leaflet told stratford-upon-avon residents what items could go in them . earlier this year , residents in the stratford district were named as among the best recyclers in england . the recycling rate of just over 59 per cent for 2013/14 put stratford eighth out of 352 authorities nationwide .
cody got stuck in the bog in belvedere , south-east london . crew members climbed into watery ditch as they tried to ease animal to safety . but despite being shaken by ordeal , cody was otherwise unharmed . borough commander for bexley richard welch said crews worked hard to save the horse .
mark o'meara was one over after the first round but five birdies in his second , including three in four holes on the front nine , saw him card a 68 and ensure he will still be in the running at the weekend . the 1998 champion is the third oldest man in the field in 2015 .
paul sturrock suffered a baptism of fire at yeovil on thursday . the 58-year-old spent four days as an advisor to conference side torquay . the glovers were tipped for promotion this season but instead , despite stopping a run of six consecutive losses , become the first league one side to be relegated .
the premier league champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the bank holiday evening clash at selhurst park . palace 's south london home is notoriously difficult to get to and the club acted after the game was scheduled for an 8pm start . some complained that summerbee 's send-off had gone on for too long and was responsible for their late arrival .
robbie fowler is one of the best premier league strikers of all time . the former liverpool , leeds and manchester city hitman broke on to the scene as a goalscoring sensation at anfield in 1993 . fowler could n't resist naming an ultimate starting xi from players who featured during his era .
perth glory fans set off flares during a 3-0 defeat to sydney fc . a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg at around 7.10 pm in friday 's clash at nib stadium in perth . he will appear before the perth children 's court on may 6 .
advertising entrepreneur john singleton bought 80 beach drive for a suburb record of $ 4.25 million in late 2007 . the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the pacific ocean . the master suite offers a study , dressing room , bathroom and private deck overlooking a small waterfall and landscaped bushland .
mcc cricket photograph of the year 2014 was won by getty images photographer matthew lewis . his image of dwayne bravo shows the player taking a full-length catch for the west indies to dismiss australia 's james faulkner during last year 's icc world twenty20 competition in bangladesh . intrepid players take part in the ` world 's highest game of cricket ' in the icy summit crater of mount kilimanjaro in
 eagle scout brian gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his brooklyn , new york , home on february 17 , but did n't come back . but police said friday his body had been discovered at marine park golf club , just two miles from his home .
sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta , canada , switching on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes . instead of classical music , she appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature . after a confident start , the pup takes a pause and looks towards the camera .
darron gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage . everton boss roberto martinez expects gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape . cleverley , who has spent the season on loan at aston villa , will become a free agent in july when his manchester united contract expires .
darron gibson was hurt in the 2-1 win over queens park rangers last month . but roberto martinez was hopeful gibson would be able to play some part in the final seven matches of the campaign . the everton boss expects gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape .
long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway as a stretch of the motorway between junctions four and five in ortford , kent was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist . kent police received reports that people started kicking a ball about .
bradley neil won the scottish boys championship in 2013 and then the british amateur championship last year . the 19-year-old is being tipped for huge things when he does turn pro by no less a star than world no 1 rory mcilroy . but three putts later on the first of augusta 's lightning fast greens .
bradley neil missed the cut on his masters debut at augusta national . the 19-year-old scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par . the scot admitted he needed to ` give himself a kick up the a *** ' after struggling on the professional tour .
danny willett carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round at augusta . englishman was left frustrated with a rules official for getting in his line-of-sight . the 27-year-old is playing in his first masters at the masters on thursday .
rory mcilroy and phil mickelson go out in penultimate group on friday . world no 1 recovered from a shaky start to card a one-under-par 71 . mcil roy must hope for the early runners to drop shots as he 's scheduled to go out . group 1 , 12:45 pm : ian woosnam , erik compton .
andy murray will face novak djokovic in the miami open final on sunday . the british no1 will be heading straight to the airport to get back and focus on what lies ahead next weekend . murray has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against the serb .
toto wolff sees no reason to go cap in hand to powers that be within the german giant and demand extra revenue to fight off new threat of ferrari . sebastian vettel saw off the challenge from mercedes drivers lewis hamilton and nico rosberg in malaysia .
sebastian vettel won the second race of the season with victory in malaysia last month . the maranello marque 's first success for almost two years and at least offered hope to neutrals that reigning champion lewis hamilton and team-mate nico rosberg will not have it all their own way .
tom croft has signed a new deal with leicester which keeps him with the tigers . croft suffered a dislocated shoulder in the tigers ' victory over newcastle . the 29-year-old suffered a broken neck and he missed most of last season with a knee injury while this latest setback has almost certainly ruled him out of the world cup .
lawrence dallaglio views poor performance of english clubs in europe as a ` crisis ' for french rugby . saracens are the nation 's solitary representative in the semi-finals after bath , northampton and wasps tumbled out of the champions cup . clermont 's spellbinding 37-5 rout of reigning premiership champions and runaway leaders saints .
richie gray will be sold to the highest bidder if castres are relegated from the top 14 . gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should the club go down . the 45-times capped second row was ruled out for the rest of the season in february after suffering an upper-arm injury in the six nations defeat by wales .
tom poynton missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father keith died last april . the 25-year-old had to undergo an ankle operation but made his playing comeback during derbyshire 's pre-season tour of abu dhabi .
reports emerged on social media on thursday afternoon suggesting the newcastle united owner was now the official owner of the light blues trademarks . reports emerged on twitter suggesting the owner was the officialowner of the lights blues trademarks - including the ` ready ' badge and mascot broxi bear . sports direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the # 5million loan handed to the previous gers board in january .
cristiano ronaldo was booked during real madrid 's 2-0 win against rayo vallecano on wednesday . the portuguese was booked after being brought down by antonio amaya inside the box , incurring a one-game suspension in the process . but his yellow card has now been rescinded .
manchester united sit above ` noisy neighbours ' manchester city in the premier league . the red devils now trail louis van gaal 's side by a point ahead of sunday 's derby at old trafford . the last time united sat sixth on 20 points , one ahead of then ninth-placed city after 11 games during the 2013-14 campaign .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored for paris saint-germain in their semi-final . the 33-year-old added another two to make it a hat-trick on the night . he now trails only former portugal forward pedro pauleta in all-time record books .
sergio aguero says scoring against manchester united is enough to give him shivers . the argentine forward has scored six goals in derby meetings with united . the two sides meet at old trafford on sunday at the etihad . click here for all the latest manchester derby news .
the roman outfit clinched a spot in the final of the coppa italia on wednesday with 1-0 victory over napoli . senad lulic , the lazio midfielder who scored the winning goal , said to gazzetta dello sport : ` it was important to reach the final ' .
real madrid midfielder james rodriguez is ` worth his weight in gold ' . the 23-year-old is also described as ` the jewel in real madrid 's crown ' . la gazzetta dello sport reveal roberto mancini 's targets as tuttosport .
eden hazard believes chelsea have the premier league title in their grasp . hazard scored a penalty and set up loic remy 's winner in saturday 's 2-1 win over stoke . jose mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games .
bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen 5-3 in the german cup semi-final . pep guardiola is concerned about his team without arjen robben and franck ribery . thiago scored the winning penalty for munich in the 1-0 win .
hector bellerin has been linked with a move back to la liga leaders barcelona . the 20-year-old left the catalan giants four years ago as he pursued a faster route to first-team football . but barca fans are keen for the spaniard to return to the nou camp .
david luiz is out for at least four weeks after scans revealed the injury . the paris saint-germain defender tore a hamstring at marseille on sunday . the 27-year-old will miss both legs of their quarter-final tie against barcelona in europe .
the 2015 indian premier league will take place at eden gardens in kolkata on may 24 . virat kohli leads the royal challengers bangalore to their first title . chennai super kings are the most successful team in ipl history . the super kings have probably the best pool of indian talent in the tournament .
christian benteke 's hat-trick secured a vital point for aston villa in a thrilling game against relegation rivals qpr . sportsmail 's laurie whitwell takes us through the player ratings from tuesday night 's match at villa park . brad guzan 6 could not have done much with any of the goals and caught most that came his way .
tim sherwood has branded aston villa 's stars ` icing on the cake players ' . the 25-year-old believes his star names must dig deep to avert their relegation crisis . qpr will be without striker eduardo vargas on tuesday evening . click here for all the latest queens park rangers news .
jack wilshere , mikel arteta and abou diaby have all been handed starts for the club 's under 21s game on tuesday night . steve gatting 's young gunners take on stoke city at the emirates stadium . teenage winger serge gnabry is also in the starting line-up .
jack wilshere , mikel arteta and abou diaby are set to feature for arsenal under 21s on tuesday night . the gunners take on stoke city at the emirates stadium in a u21 premier league clash . teenage winger serge gnabry is also set to take part alongside a talented crop of youngsters .
liam treadwell won the race on venetia williams-trained 100-1 shot mon mome in 2009 . the ride on former welsh national winner monbeg dude was available because his two regular jockeys , tom scudamore and paul carberry have already got rides .
alastair cook has had a taste already of what is to come , first of all in three caribbean tests this month and then a awkward assignment at home to new zealand . england lost 5-0 under his captaincy in 2013-14 . cook insists he is ` refreshed ' by this winter 's enforced sabbatical .
kevin pietersen has lashed out at graham gooch for commenting on his attempted england comeback . gooch appeared on bbc radio five live on sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of the former england captain . the 34-year-old has re-signed for surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely test return .
kevin pietersen has re-signed for surrey this summer . the batsman has not played in the lv = county championship since 2013 . the 34-year-old has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against oxford mccu on april 12 .
nabil fekir 's father believes a move to arsenal would benefit the lyon star . the 21-year-old has been attracting interest from premier league clubs . he recently split with his agents after his family were ` disappointed ' with their insistence on pursuing a deal with city . the frontman scored the opener in lyon 's 3-1 win over guingamp .
barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0 in la liga on sunday evening . fabian orellana grabbed a lump of grass from the ground before throwing it towards sergio busquets . referee inaki vicandi garrido brandishes a straight red card following the incident .
manchester city have been limited to a net spend of # 49million in the last two transfer windows . they spent # 25m bringing wilfried bony in from swansea in january . manuel pellegrini hopes financial restrictions will be lifted at the end of the 2015/16 season .
diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval . the striker was required to stop chelsea squandering the opportunity to open a seven-point advantage over their title rivals . but all they got was 11 minutes before costa was forced off with recurrence of the hamstring injury that ruled him out of the international break with spain .
brittany lincicome beat stacy lewis in a play-off round in california . the former champion looked set to finish in the chasing pack until she carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 . the 29-year-old took a jump into poppie 's pond for the second time having also won this tournament in 2009 .
burnley host tottenham on sunday still fighting for top-flight survival . sean dyche has won admirers for his plain speaking and organising a competitive team on a restricted budget . derby have been impressed with dyche 's work in the premier league . mcclaren has been linked with a move to newcastle at the end of the season .
jordan henderson scored a penalty at the emirates on saturday . liverpool fell to a 4-1 thrashing at the hands of arsenal to leave their top-four hopes in tatters . the 24-year-old is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league .
tim sherwood and chris ramsey could be shaped by 90 minutes on tuesday . the pair will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in birmingham . a match of this magnitude is what these two english coaches craved during years working together at tottenham hotspur .
darren bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for derby since joining the championship promotion hopefuls . bent was out of favour with paul lambert and rams boss steve mcclaren . the 31-year-old is keeping his options open until the end of the campaign .
tim sherwood has urged aston villa to man up as he labelled their clash with relegation rivals qpr the club 's ` biggest game ' for years . victory would move villa five points clear of the barclays premier league drop zone but they will return to the bottom three if qpr , three points behind with a better goal difference .
sean dyche has been tipped to replace former england manager steve mcclaren at derby . dyche says he remains committed to the task in hand at turf moor . the clarets earned a point in a goalless draw with tottenham but remain fixed in the relegation zone .
gary cahill backs captain john terry to shrug off hostile reception . it was on the same ground in 2011 that terry was caught up in a race controversy with ex-qpr defender anton ferdinand in 2011 . the football association fined terry for ` using abusive language related to colour ' .
clint hill scored his first barclays premier league goal in tuesday 's 3-3 draw at aston villa . qpr remain two points adrift of safety in the premier league table . christian benteke scored a hat-trick to keep villa ahead of sunday 's visit of chelsea .
chris ramsey believes his friend and neighbour tim sherwood will keep aston villa in the premier league . but the qpr boss will be pulling no punches when he clashes with his former tottenham colleague on tuesday . ramsey will be doing his utmost to extend villa 's top-flight uncertainty .
tony fernandes watched the scenes at villa park from afar on his iphone . christian benteke 's hat-trick earned a draw for villa . matt phillips had earlier given qpr the lead in the first half but taking all three points was n't to be for the relegation-threatened visitors .
nemanja matic and cesc fabregas will start against qpr on sunday . chelsea boss jose mourinho is unwilling to look beyond sunday 's london derby at loftus road . loic remy is mobbed by his team-mates after scoring a vital vital vital goal .
the 20-year-old has been loaned out to fluminense and inter milan since he signed for chelsea in january 2013 . he was with vitesse 's squad for their trip to excelsior and fined by the dutch club . wallace will be out of the team and will receive a maximum fine .
bournemouth beat middlesbrough on monday in a crucial clash in the championship . the scotland international 's # 400,000 move to bournemouth from swindon in january 2013 triggered paolo di canio 's dramatic resignation at the county ground . there have been some stellar individual performances this season that will no doubt have attracted top flight attention .
melissa wilson and her team-mates are on the brink of making history . on saturday , at the 161st oxford-cambridge boat race , the women 's crews will battle the same thames course as the men . after decades of campaigning and 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators , they get equal billing . wilson 's grandfather , 85-year-old richard cowell , from east kilbride , it will be a
the oxford university women 's boat race team were training for the boat race which takes place on saturday , april 11 . after the rowers were returned safely to putney , the sunken eight was recovered and returned to oxford 's base . the rnli alternative boat race fundraising event on april 10 takes place the day before the bny mellon boat race on the same famous stretch of river .
wasps will appeal against the three-week ban issued to nathan hughes . the incident left george north unconscious and resulted in a red card . the hearing scheduled to be held next friday , it means hughes can not be reprieved in time to face the reigning european champions in toulon .
george north suffered a third confirmed concussion in just four months . north was knocked out following a collision with the knee of wasps back-row nathan hughes . the wales and lions wing will be reassessed at the end of april . saints medics will monitor his progress throughout the stand-down period .
northampton have ruled out winger george north for the game against clermont auvergne on saturday . the wales and lions wing has been removed from the firing line by his club ahead of the biggest game of their season to date . northampton have taken an encouraging step in response to fears about north 's long-term health .
tom lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick . the 22-year-old winger showed good opportunism and no little speed on two occasions to pluck passes out of the air and race over 90 metres to add to his early opener . jamie shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for hull .
leeds beat castleford 26-12 at the mend-a-hose jungle on friday . the rhinos had beaten wigan and catalans dragons in sinfield 's absence . ryan hall was sent to the sin-bin for the first time in his career in a frenetic opening but castleford failed to take advantage .
jacob fairbank fractured his ankle and suffering ligament damage . the 25-year-old was injured in halifax 's win over hunslet on easter monday . giants managing director richard thewlis told giantsrl.com : ` it 's another bad blow for bobby who remains one of our most popular squad members ' .
jonathan trott prepared for his first test appearance since leaving ashes tour in turmoil 18 months ago with back-to-back failures in st kitts . trott failed twice with the bat during england 's warm-up for the first test against west indies in antigua on monday . england completed four days of low-key , uncompetitive warm up action in basseterre on thursday .
england dominated against a modest st kitts & nevis xi , dismissing them for a paltry 59 inside 27 overs . the quality of the home batsmen made the first innings seem like little more than a glorified net session , though stokes still impressed with a lively spell .
richie benaud spent a lifetime in the sun and in his final years he ruefully admitted that he was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head . the 84-year-old , who died on friday , spoke about his cancer and the treatment he was undergoing with typical candour . benaud had been driving his beloved car back from hitting practice golf balls at the australian golf club in sydney when he lost control and hit
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 in the premier league on saturday . loic remy scored his second consecutive winner against stoke . jose mourinho praised the professionalism and scoring ability . remy also netted the decisive strike when eden recovered the ball from a loose throw from asmir begovic .
cameron thomas philp was passing a crime scene at highgate hill in brisbane on may 3 , 2013 when he graffitied and spat on the side of the vehicle . he was fined $ 300 but avoided a conviction , reports courier mail . mr philp claimed he had no recollection of vandalising the car and that it was out of character for him .
louis smith , 25 , is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies on instagram . the strictly come dancing star shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 london olympic games . most taken between pine door of his stone wall bathroom and what can only be an impressively large mirror , louis ' selfies have become something of a phenomenon .
cressida bonas , 26 , says she is more than happy being single following her split from prince harry . mulberry buttercup dress delphinium broderie anglaise . buy now . to the golden globes party last year , cressida rocked this black mulberry dress . just days after she worked the exact same pick in white at the baftas .
will stack , a 22-year-old u.s. army national guardsman , has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects ` on the basis of their color ' . in the video , will stack recounts his own experience with a ` caucasian officer ' in the state 's lexington county courthouse on wednesday , to make a left turn , when he decided to use the empty median lane to access the left turn lane , which was full . mr
kevin pietersen believes michael vaughan is the right man to lead england cricket . the 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role with the ecb . the former england batsman is the hot favourite to be appointed as director of england .
chris tremlett has backed his surrey team-mate kevin pietersen to make an international comeback . the 34-year-old is determined to restart his test career after he was sacked in february 2014 . the south africa-born batsman is gearing up for his first county championship action since june 2013 .
alec stewart has not yet been approached by the ecb . the former england captain is close to the incoming ecb chairman colin graves . stewart said : ` when england come calling , you should n't say no ' . he is currently director of cricket at surrey .
kyle walker sustained the injury following a heavy collision with burnley defender kieran trippier at turf moor on sunday . the 24-year-old will continue to be assessed by spurs ' medical team in the coming days as the club determine the full extent of the injury .
arsenal manager arsene wenger is march 's winner of the premier league manager of the month award - his 14th accolade . wenger has quite a few of the gongs now - 14 to be exact - but he matches the 27 monthly prizes of sir alex ferguson .
francis coquelin has thrived in the centre of arsenal 's midfield since returning from loan at championship side charlton earlier in the season to earn plaudits for his robust performances . the frenchman is determined to prove himself at arsenal and hold down his place in the starting xi .
tim sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at villa park . the pair forged a close bond during their time together at tottenham . ramsey took over as qpr manager until the end of the season following the departure of harry redknapp in february .
jeanetta riley , 35 , a mother-of-three daughters was killed last july after brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in sandpoint on the evening of july 8 , 2014 . the troubled native american woman , who was addicted to meth and alcohol , had been taken to the hospital by her husband , 44-year-old shane . while parked outside of the emergency room of bonner general hospital , she pulled a knife from under the car seat
dina talaat put on spectacular show at confederation of african football 's -lrb- caf -rrb- ordinary general assembly in cairo . delegates from the country including khaled abdel aziz , egyptian minister of youth and sports stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance .
georgina rojas-medina , 41 , was shot and killed by her common-law husband , gerardo tovar , 44 . neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple 's 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on saturday . the couple had been together for 13 years .
todd phillips was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel . the pit crew member was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg . many cars struggled with traction during the race after rain had fallen for hours leading up to the green flag .
dr seuss fans flock to alaska to visit the 12-cabin-high structure . the structure was once a two-story home , built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees . the owner refused to relinquish his idyllic view of the mountains so they built up .
children who share ipads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who do n't , researchers claim . the findings come after the general secretary of the national association of head teachers said he was dubious about using technology as a teaching aid in non-it classes . however , research into effects of the devices on literacy levels suggests the best outcome comes from youngsters sharing devices .
john axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the rockies game on sunday . his son jameson , 2 , was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment . axford celebrated h is birthday on april 1 by enjoying cake with his sons .
the four-seater plane is believed to have come down near hatten , oldenburg . the male pilot was killed in the crash , and three passengers have been taken to a nearby hospital . the small plane crash-landed between a wildlife fence and a guardrail , just feet away from passing cars .
manchester city captain vincent kompany has slammed ffp regulations . the belgian international was fined # 50million and ordered to operate with a # 49m transfer kitty this season . the premier league champions are debt-free , mainly thanks to the vast wealth of owner sheikh mansour 's heavy personal investment .
secret cameras at east london boozer showed men are more likely to discuss sexual problems than the weekend 's football matches . they did n't pick up a single mention of football , while women were discussed only occasionally . one man in the lord nelson pub was heard telling his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman .
lewis moody , danny grewcock and josh lewsey went to the north pole . poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the russian operated camp barneo first caused an aborted landing . the experienced pilots were forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway .
daphne benaud passed away peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne and family . he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice on thursday . prime minister tony abbott offered his family a state funeral , calling benaud 's death the ` greatest loss for cricket since the loss of don bradman ' .
louis van gaal blamed himself for manchester united finishing the game with 10 men . michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf . it was aguero 's first goal since he scored for city against barcelona at the etihad back in february .
sergio aguero opened the scoring for manchester city but ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling all struck . the big win in the manchester derby inspired twitter users to produce a series of viral images which tended to pick fun at city 's expense .
alan stubbs saw his side hold on to second place in the championship . the hibs beat hearts 2-0 in the scottish cup semi-final on saturday . stubbs said his players had answered those who asked if they had the bottle to win at the business end of the season .
diane blankenship , 45 , is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle while her friend drove them about town in december last year . in a later incident , the ` clerical worker ' at dayspring academy allegedly had sex with the student at his house before school .
police received complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area on mcpherson street in botany . one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head after having a bottle thrown at him . a 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer .
four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station in tecomba , melbourne . the group of men , all wearing hooded jumpers , gloves and masking their faces , broke into the service station on burwood highway , tecoma in melbourne 's outer east on april 2 . they are all wanted by victoria police for a series of break-ins on at least five different establishments in the area .
clare verrall , 31 , was out with her french bulldog dutchy on wednesday evening near her home in prahran , in melbourne , when a man jumped out at her from behind some bins . he attacked her and she was left with a black eye , broken nose and broken toe from the altercation . during the fight she kneed the man in the groin and kicked him before she fled . she said kickboxing classes she had taken at the gym helped her respond to the
the 65-year-old was named as the recipient on saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world . the jury recognised gittoes ` for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world ' and for ` enlisting the arts to subdue aggression ' .
troy slezak from huntington beach , california , filmed his daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home . footage shows the pair rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs . at one point stella places one hand by boo 's mouth - but the friendly dog does n't bite and calmly gives the tot a loving lick back .
the lions at orana wildlife park approach the metal cage and begin interacting with the people inside . standing with its paws against the cage , a lion is introduced as sakura who is around 11-years-old . as the keeper speaks , the lion licks at a piece of meat that is held up against the bars as another lion walks across the roof of the cage .
the crash occurred at moorabin airport , near melbourne , shortly before noon on saturday . it is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane . the three , including a man and a woman in their twenties , were taken to hospital with minor injuries .
jose mourinho has been trialling a formation with ramires and nemanja matic in front of the back four . the chelsea boss has stuck with the team that it is likely to mean a more advanced role for cesc fabregas in the ` no10 ' position behind didier drogba up front . willian will start on the right and his brazilian team-mate oscar may drop out of the starting line up for the clash at qpr
sebastian vettel won the malaysian grand prix 11 days ago . the win allowed ferrari to revive a tradition not seen at their base for almost two years since their previous triumph in may 2013 . the four-time world champion shares a friendly discussion with mclaren star jenson button .
police arrested david powell after the pensioner 's body was discovered at her home in doncaster lane , penkhull , stoke-on-trent . but the body has not yet been formally identified , she is understood to be his mother celilia powell . mr powell is due to appear before magistrates at newcastle-under-lyme today .
dave doggett believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games . he said violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to watching their team play in their retirement .
the ladies of liverpool did n't disappoint with fashion and drunken frolics once again taking centre stage . trotting into aintree in a collection of floral , flamboyant and eye-catching numbers , thousands of female race-goers displayed their indomitable spirit for the occasion .
alassan gobitaca , known as al the jumper , is a swedish guinness world record holder who has jumped over everything from a lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph . he then lines up before the daredevil and accelerates hard in the opel speedster so as to get to the desired speed .
a u.s. rc-135u reconnaissance aircraft was flying near the baltic sea in international airspace when a russian su-27 flanker cut into its path . pentagon officials have slammed the move as ` unprofessional ' and ` unsafe ' . russia has rubbished claims it was a deliberate and aggressive interception .
alan gordon scored a first-half winner for la galaxy against seattle sounders . robbie keane and clint dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury . the irish designated player was sat in the stands alongside david beckham . gordon found the net with just his second goal of the season .
eden hazard scored a fine individual goal in chelsea 's 3-2 win against hull in march . eden hazard is reaching the incredible standards of lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo . sky sports pundit graeme souness believes hazard should claim pfa player of the year .
jordan spieth will continue his quest for masters glory when he tees off his third round at augusta at 2:45 pm local time . the 21-year-old american holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage after a record 14 under par opening two rounds .
aljaz bedene has won his first match since becoming a british citizen . the slovenian-born player won in the opening round of qualifying . bedene will now face either michael linzer of austria or france 's maxime texeira in the next round .
lewis hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend 's chinese grand prix . the mercedes driver set the pace as he bids to win his fourth race in china . he was over half-a-second clear of mercedes team-mate nico rosberg in opening practice .
keanu reeves has starred in blockbusters such as the matrix trilogy . the 50-year-old grilled red bull 's chief technical officer adrian newey . he also checked out pitstops and more at the red bull factory with sky sports . he said his love for the sport comes partly from its similarity to the film business .
fernando alonso says he will retire from formula one once his deal with mclaren-honda comes to an end . the 33-year-old has struggled for pace and reliability during the first two grand prix of the season . alonso left ferrari in 2007 after a bitter year but says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season .
sergio perez fears ' a very painful year ' lies ahead if force india 's roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud . build-time pressure over the winter resulted in the silverstone-based marque starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace . the additional knock-on effect means a delay in the introduction of the team 's b-spec model , which is now not due to be unveiled until the austrian grand prix in
daniel ricciardo takes the fight to lewis hamilton and nico rosberg at the sharp end of the grid . the australian met a martial artist at guyi garden for a pr event before he starts putting friday free practice laps around the shanghai circuit .
tony mccoy rode jezki to a thumping victory in the grade one aintree hurdle . the jessica harrington-trained gelding took a crashing fall at the final flight when poised to challenge him . the former champion was able to savour the latest big victory of his glittering career .
saracens flanker jacques burger has been cited for alleged foul play . burger is alleged to have struck racing scrum-half maxime machenaud midway through the match at stade yves-du-manoir . namibia international burger will face a disciplinary hearing on thursday .
tim swiel , 21 , spent four months on loan with quins earlier this term . swiel will return to the club next season on a full-time basis . somerset-born swiel made 10 appearances during his loan spell . the 21-year-old made a real impact with us on loan earlier in the season .
charlie hemphrey has finally secured the professional cricket contract . the 25-year-old former folkestone grammar school pupil suffered habitual rejection in his attempts to breakthrough into the english system . the feat was accomplished in queensland 's final match of the 2014-15 season , a victory over south australia at the gabba .
sheldon cottrell , shane dowrich , shannon gabriel , leon johnson and veerasammy permaul have all been stood down for the opening game of the three-match series . devendra bishoo , who played his 11th and last test three years ago , has also been handed a recall .
steven finn hit back at critics who say he should be hitting 90mph mark . the middlesex seamer was one of the few pluses of a dismal world cup run . finn is now intent on forcing his way into reckoning for next summer 's test challenges against new zealand and australia .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found hiding in a boat and had written notes inside suggesting the bombing was an act of retribution for u.s. military campaigns in muslim-dominated countries . he kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table in the boston courtroom as the guilty verdicts were read . the jury will now decide if he gets the death penalty .
sir bradley wiggins and geraint thomas avoided being caught up in a major crash in the final kilometre of scheldeprijs race . the italian was vying for position ahead of the expected sprint finish in the cobbled classic , hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground .
tim sherwood believes tottenham need to keep pace with harry kane 's progression or risk losing his academy star . kane has scored 29 goals so far this season . villa striker christian benteke scored a hat trick in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers .
sunderland host crystal palace at the stadium of light on saturday . sebastian larsson suspended for crystal palace 's barclays premier league trip . jack rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem . mile jedinak likely to return after four-match suspension .
jonas gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at newcastle . the 31-year-old was the only man to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend 's 1-0 defeat at sunderland . the argentine has said he will never forgive newcastle for their handling of his illness .
sam allardyce has outlined his ambitions to qualify for the europa league next season . the hammers sit first in the premier league rankings with 999 points - eight ahead of burnley . the 60-year-old wants his side to do so via fair play - with the club currently first in premier league .
stuart mccall urged rangers to show an immediate response to the first defeat of his tenure . ibrox side crashed to a second championship defeat of the season at palmerston as derek lyle , gavin reilly and a lee wallace own goal gave queen of the south 's play-off hopes a massive boost .
neymar has the skills to pay the bills and his latest instagram offering certainly proves that his footballing brain never stops . the former santos ace showed off his skills ahead of barcelona 's trip to sevilla on saturday . barcelona are currently four points clear at the top of la liga .
wayne rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick as manchester united beat manchester city 2-1 in 2011 . united sit above city in the premier league table for the first time in 16 months after having played the same amount of matches . the chilean has decided to be more candid ahead of the derby .
manuel pellegrini is relishing the prospect of taking on manchester united . manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace on monday . sergio aguero blocked out by damien delaney and james mcarthur . city have held the edge over united in recent contests .
frederic thiriez has been asked to resign by bastia president pierre-marie geronimi . the french league president did not come down to the pitch to shake the players ' hands ahead of saturday 's league cup final . thiago silva holds the trophy aloft after psg beat bastia 4-0 in the stade de france in paris .
vincent nogueira scored in stoppage time and philadelphia beat new york city fc 2-1 for the union 's first major league soccer victory of the season . nyc goalkeeper josh saunders collided with conor casey inside the 6-yard box defending a cross . zach pfeffer started the scoring in the 27th minute for philadelphia . sebastien le toux beat his defender , dribbled to the goal-line and fed it across
stefano pioli has told his players to keep their feet on the ground ahead of sunday 's home game against empoli . the biancoceleste are riding a seven-game winning streak in serie a . lazio are one point adrift of city rivals roma with nine games remaining .
roberto vitiello feels his side need to start winning away from home . palermo have not tasted victory away since november 2 when they won 2-0 . mired in a three-game losing streak following last weekend 's 2-1 defeat at home to milan .
glenn murray put crystal palace 1-0 up against manchester city on monday night . the cumbrian scored a hat-trick against him in carlisle colours . murray now boasts fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in europe 's top five leagues .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 in the premier league on monday . glenn murray opened the scoring in the first half . scott dann appeared to be offside and jason puncheon crashed in a superb second to deal what looks to be a fatal blow to city 's already slim hopes of retaining their crown .
real madrid face rayo vallecano in the la liga on wednesday . cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in real 's 9-1 rout of granada . isco and james rodriguez are available for the first time since james broke a bone in his foot .
carlo ancelotti 's men meet city rivals atletico madrid in the quarter-finals . fernando hierro believes the current squad can go on a successful european run like we did in the late 1990s and early 2000s . hierro won the champions league three times as captain during his playing career at the bernabeu .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid beat granada 9-1 . carlo ancelotti 's men beat struggling granada to keep title hopes alive . barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0 courtesy of jeremy mathieu 's diving header .
gareth bale opened the scoring in real madrid 's 9-1 victory against granada . the welsh winger kept up his scoring form with a goal against the bernabeu . cristiano ronaldo 's five goals included an eight-minute hat-trick .
west ham have picked up just 11 points in the barclays premier league since the turn of the year . the club have already beaten last year 's total by two points with seven games to spare . sam allardyce told the co-owner not to judge his side on 2015 's results .
manchester united host manchester city at old trafford on sunday . chris smalling back in contention after illness but luke shaw will not feature . robin van persie will not be risked after ankle trouble . andreas pereira is on brazil under 20 duty .
chris smalling took a trip down memory lane as the 25-year-old went back to his old judo club . photos of the visit were posted on the international judo federation 's official twitter account alongside a flashback picture of smalling as a youngster . the england international was named national champion for his age group , before football took precedence at 15 .
manchester united manager louis van gaal has praised the resurrection of marouane fellaini . the belgian was jeered by both city and united fans as he was substituted in a 3-0 defeat that proved the deathknell to the manager who signed him , david moyes .
manchester united striker wayne rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the manchester derby . the two sides are locked in a battle with arsenal for the second automatic champions league qualification place . rooney 's overhead kick cemented his place in united folklore when it flew into the top corner past joe hart .
queens park rangers host chelsea at loftus road on sunday . richard dunne close to return but will not be considered with rio ferdinand . yun suk-young still out alongside eduardo vargas , leroy fer and alejandro faurlin .
chelsea have topped the premier league since the opening day of the season . blues captain john terry has been a pivotal figure in keeping the west londoners in consistent form . jose mourinho believes the top team can lose four , five , six , seven matches to play . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
chris ramsey believes sunday 's west london derby is more crucial to his side than it is to title-chasing chelsea . jose mourinho 's blues visit loftus road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the premier league crown .
kaka has not found the back of the net since scoring in the first game of the season against new york city fc . the brazilian hit the gym to prepare for sunday 's trip to portland timbers . the former ac milan midfielder complains to the referee after a challenge with davy arnaud .
bristol city will become the first football league club to win promotion this season should they beat bradford on tuesday night . the league one leaders managed to come away from second-placed preston north end unscathed , drawing 1-1 thanks to aaron wilbraham 's equaliser after jermaine beckford had opened the scoring just before the hour .
steve cotterill needs just two more wins to achieve fourth promotion of a career that has been mostly spent rescuing clubs from relegation . kieran agard , joe bryan and aaron wilbraham clinched a local derby victory . swindon town 's michael smith shields the ball from the challenge of the oncoming luke ayling .
david sharpe is confident he has made the right appointment in gary caldwell . mackay left the club languishing in the sky bet championship relegation zone after taking just 19 points from a possible 72 . the wigan chairman has been officially unveiled as the new wigan athletic manager at the dw stadium .
jason cummings and farid el alagui sealed a 2-0 win over hearts . the leith outfit were rewarded for a dominant first-half performance . hearts improved after the break but hibs sealed the win in the first minute of injury time with a cool finish . the win meant hearts went into this match with only derby bragging rights at stake .
dani alves has enjoyed seven successful years at barcelona . the 31-year-old has been unable to agree a new deal with the catalan club . alves will leave the nou camp this summer after his representative confirmed the right-back had rejected the club 's final contract offer .
dani alves has been linked with a move away from the nou camp . the full-back 's contract expires in the summer with manchester united and liverpool among a number of europe 's top clubs keeping tabs on the brazil international 's availability . alves ' agent dinorah santana has revealed there is a deal on the table from the spanish giants offering to extend the 31-year-old 's deal .
norwegian alexander kristoff took victory in a sprint finish . tom boonen and fabian cancellara winners of six of the last 10 races here . thomas was one of the favourites to claim the title following his recent victory in e3 harelbeke and third-place finish at the gent-wevelgem sprint classic .
glenn murray missed the majority of last season after rupturing cruciate knee ligament as palace won promotion to the premier league via the play-offs . the 31-year-old has scored five goals in five games since returning from a serious knee injury . alan pardew believes murray is reaping rewards from a loan spell with reading .
dashem tesfamichael , 30 , is seen in the 50-second clip captured on a banned mobile phone . he clutches a glass of the homemade illegal brew in the clip , which also shows a stash of drink bottles , biscuits and crisps on a window ledge . prison officers reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying , which happened in the run-up to christmas in december last year .
pensioners are seven times more likely to develop serious skin cancer today than they were 40 years ago . around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the uk compared with just 600 a year four decades ago . many of the patients being diagnosed today suffered cancer-causing sunburn when they were young .
dave tyler , 72 , built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system . the amateur snapper is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena from his own home near high wycombe , including sunspots , solar prominences , coronal loops and solar flares .
a video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in europe , the jungfrau . the time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track , which leads from kleine scheidegg to jungraujoch . opening in a tunnel built into a swiss mountain , the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes to race alongside the many skiers .
the monkey approaches the woman , who holds a banana , with its outstretched hands . grabbing it in both hands , the monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin , which he leaves with the lady . moving in for a closer look , the woman leans forward and the monkey copies her by lunging forward itself .
steve harmison takes on ashington afc in the ninth tier of english football . the local lad has now won seven on the spin with his club side . the 36-year-old has supported his former england team-mate , posting a tongue-in-cheek tweet on tuesday night .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . louis van gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of returning man united into champions league . the first season , he said , would see him deliver united back into their rightful place in the premier league .
paul casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the masters . the englishman was at home in arizona when the matter was decided last sunday and admitted he went through all sorts of agonies as his augusta fate swung back and forth .
padraig harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the masters . the irishman had fallen outside the world 's top 300 when he accepted an invitation to play in the honda classic in florida . he ended up winning his first tournament in america since the 2008 uspga championship .
chris martin 's goal gave derby the lead in the second half . steve mcclaren was all smiles as he took his place in the stands before the game . wigan -lrb- 4-4-2 -rrb- , maguire , pearce , bong ; bo-kyung , kvist , perch mcclean ; clarke .
the game presented both rotherham and brighton with an opportunity to pull away from the trouble they currently find themselves in at the wrong end of the sky bet championship table . matt derbyshire 's early finish proved to be the difference between the two teams at the aes seal new york stadium .
eduardo vargas has been ruled out for 10-12 weeks with a knee ligament injury . the 25-year-old opened the scoring in saturday 's 4-1 win over west brom . scans have revealed he sustained a grade two medial collateral ligaments injury . he is the third qpr player to sustain an mcl injury since the turn of the year .
ander herrera has come through a testing first six months in english football . the spaniard has now started the last eight matches and scored twice in saturday 's 3-1 win over aston villa . the 25-year-old has been linked with a move to old trafford .
kenny jackett 's team moved into sixth place in the championship with a fourth successive victory . wolves substitute david edwards headed home two minutes from the end of an unpredictable and thrilling game . pre-match results had offered wolves a prospective route into the play-off zone , with brentford and ipswich town dropping points unexpectedly .
liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup quarter-final on wednesday . brendan rodgers has claimed there is no crisis at anfield despite successive morale-sapping defeats by rivals manchester united and arsenal . the reds boss insists his side are not in crisis despite two successive defeats against their rivals .
chelsea drew 0-0 with wheatsheaf park in their premier league clash . ruben loftus-cheek played for chelsea under 21s having already starred in the champions league this term . tottenham went into the game at staines town sitting sixth in the league .
mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for florida-based franchise . orlando have a huge latin-american fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal . louis st germain , juventus , psv eindhoven and feyenoord have all made contact with the midfielder 's father marcos .
arsenal 's daniel valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area . but the decision was overturned after linesman ivan nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman 's monitor and informed delfino via his earpiece . the striker was given a penalty and a man advantage .
bournemouth were down to fourth in the championship at one stage . charlie daniels fires home from the edge of the box to seal the win . yann kermorgant slots home a penalty to cap a remarkable comeback . the south coast club had not conceded the first goal at dean court this campaign .
norwich beat sheffield wednesday 2-0 in the sky bet championship . bradley johnson scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season late in the first half . the midfielder scored his second for the canaries as they maintain their automatic promotion hopes with victory . alex neil 's side had an early shout for a penalty waved away .
real madrid beat granada 9-1 at the santiago bernabeu . iker casillas was hit by a wayward shot during the half-time interval . the veteran custodian alerted the attention of stewards and medical staff shortly after the incident before going over to see the spectator .
ben cousins left court with a smug smirk on his face following a morning spent in handcuffs and in police custody before he finally fronted court . cousins was supposed to appear in court to face reckless driving charges on wednesday morning but he failed to show up . the former afl star surrendered himself at fremantle police station .
manchester city face crystal palace at selhurst park on monday . the champions have shelled out for six coaches to transport 3,000 people . the move was made after tv scheduling for the 8pm kick-off made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night .
ashley young watched his brother lewis in action for crawley against oldham . the england international 's younger sibling plays for the home side . crawley are scrambling to avoid relegation from league one but young was a good omen for the club as they were 2-0 up at half-time .
jordan henderson is seeking a new # 100,000-a-week contract . liverpool vice-captain has already rejected a five-year deal worth # 80,000 per week . the midfielder has developed into an integral part of liverpool and england 's midfield plans .
malky mackay was sacked by wigan athletic on monday night . the 43-year-old was told of the decision during a brief meeting with new chairman david sharpe after the latics lost 2-0 at home against derby county . the scot remains under investigation by the fa and monday 's developments will not alter the speed in which his case is dealt with .
ipswich lost 4-4-2 to dent ipswich in the play-off places . the tractor boys were caught cold by goals in the opening 30 minutes . nahki wells and james vaughan were rewarded when luke varney reduced arrears earlier in the second period .
francis coquelin has played a vital role in arsenal 's late push for the premier league title . spanish full-back bellerin scored his second arsenal goal against liverpool on saturday . he was also responsible for keeping raheem sterling under control when daniel sturridge came off the bench at half-time and liverpool reshuffled .
odion ighalo 's shot flies into the top corner of dimi konstantopoulos ' net on 65 minutes . watford 's paredes , guedioura , layun , watson , tozser , anya ; deeney , pudil , munari , abdi .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid beat granada 9-1 . gareth bale broke the deadlock and carlo ancelotti 's team were 4-0 up before half-time as they put memories of their clasico defeat to barcelona . the huge gulf in class showed in the midday sunshine at the bernabeu .
manchester city face crystal palace in the premier league on monday . manuel pellegrini believes the club may need to splash out again this summer . the chilean has failed to build on a title success . city are currently fourth in the league after sheikh mansour 's 2008 takeover .
turkish aviation officials in the country 's civilian aviation directorate said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight back from luxembourg city . the shgm criticised the flight crew 's decision to ignore the standard safety regulations in several tweets it posted on its official twitter account .
jeremy mathieu opened the scoring in the 73rd minute to hand barcelona a 1-0 lead against celta vigo . alvarez conde , mallo novegil , cabral , fontas , castro otto , hernandez , fernandez , krohn-dehli -lrb- radoja -rrb- , orellana , larrivey , lopez sanchez , blanco , bongonda , gomez
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 rout of granada . the portuguese superstar was irresistible as real ran riot at the bernabeu . he scored four goals , including a 12-minute hat-trick , in another 6-2 win in seville back in may 2011 .
brendan rodgers admits defeat in his quest for the top four will damage liverpool in the transfer market . rodgers knows he must work harder to sell anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a champions league campaign . arsenal have won 17 of their 20 games since christmas in all competitions .
kevin pietersen returned to nets at surrey on monday for the first time since re-signing for the county last month . he tweeted a picture of the pitch with the caption : ` in the office today . # oval ' before team-mates such as gareth batty and jade dernbach followed him in .
juan arango bitten by jesus zavela in mexico 's 4-3 defeat by monterrey . the club tijuana star had earlier curled in a magnificent free kick . arango spent 10 years playing in europe , spending five seasons each at real mallorca in spain and borussia monchengladbach in germany .
neymar , dani alves and adriano looked delighted with their victory over celta vigo . the flamboyant brazilians all played their part in helping the catalonian side return home with all three points . jeremy mathieu 's winning goal after 73 minutes despite their poor display .
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal in the premier league on saturday . mamadou sakho posted a picture of him alongside club captain steven gerrard . the liverpool pair face blackburn in the champions league on wednesday . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
ander herrera scored his side 's opening goal against aston villa on saturday . the spanish midfielder appears to have a history of shooting with his eyes closed . his eyes were wide open when he struck an impressive first-time shot against yeovil in the third round of the fa cup back in january .
borussia dortmund are not consistently good enough to make der klassiker a regular spectacle . english football 's closest equivalent , liverpool taking on manchester united , is now merely a battle for the top four . but on easter sunday , marseille and paris st germain played out a game that not only had a huge bearing on the ligue 1 title race .
isis fighters can be seen hammering and drilling away at sculptures and stone slabs believed to be 3,000 years old in the ruins of the ancient assyrian city of nimrud . the seven-minute expertly edited video , purportedly shows islamic state destroying the relics before bulldozing and blowing up the ruins . the destruction took place last month , follows other attacks on cultural heritage sites carried out by the islamic"""""""""""
nik wallenda says he 'll walk untethered on top of a 400-foot observation wheel in orlando , florida , this month . the orlando eye , part of a new entertainment complex , will offer views from inside 30 enclosed , air-conditioned glass capsules when it opens to the public on may 4 .
footage shows man get into a dispute with bartenders in port st lucie , miami . man had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card . but he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer .
the unnamed child from medina , ohio , gave out $ 100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend 's house after school , where he also showered adults with cash . the group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway , which began last wednesday .
the newborn cubs were discovered by a woman passing the car park . when she peeped inside she saw seven baby foxes - thought to be only 10 days old -- sitting together . the seven cubs weighed around six ounces each when they were taken in by the pocono wildlife rehabilitation and educational center .
the club 's stadium redevelopment is now well under way , and the latest look at anfield shows that builders are pressing ahead with their task of expanding the main stand . the new main stand will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season with 9,000 seats to be added . liverpool supporters can start getting used seeing a different look to their stadium for every match .
camilla , 26 , showed off more than she bargained for in her revealing floor-length gown . despite being accompanied by robshaw , who played for harlequins in their 29-26 premiership victory over gloucester 24 hours earlier , the cameras were firmly trained on the singer .
ac milan drew 0-0 with sampdoria at the san siro on sunday night . former samuel eto'o provided the deft pass to nutmeg philippe mexes and find roberto soriano to open the scoring just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box .
jury selection has begun in oklahoma for the murder trial of teenager chancey luna accused of shooting dead australian baseball player chris lane . if found guilty , 17-year-old luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release . in a tedious process that could last four days , district court judge ken graham , prosecutors and luna 's legal team have begun questioning a jury pool of 170 stephens county residents .
celebrity chef matt kemp was so enraged he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife lela radojkovic , who was carrying their first child , while filming at sydney 's restaurant balzac in 2004 . the extent of the chef 's rage is seen during an episode of sbs 's heat in the kitchen . he said he regrets treating his ex-wife that way . ` it really makes you feel proud of the human i was
a 75-year-old man reportedly believes he stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball near the 11th hole at the palmer sea reef golf course . the victim received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf . palmer united party leader clive palmer gave the victim some potentially unwelcome advice on how to avoid a similar injury in future .
real sociedad beat deportivo la coruna 1-0 in san sebastian . gonzalo castro scored one of the goals of the season but it was n't enough . david moyes ' side had to settle for a share of the spoils in the game .
the clip , created by hln 's the daily share , illustrates the prevalence of this ` women 's tax ' to shocking affect by directly comparinga variety of different products and services aimed at men and women . even more disappointing is that this practice of ` invisible tax ' is not only found almost everywhere , but it is entirely legal in almost every state in the us .
josi harrison , laura lefebvre and hailey walden were all in eighth grade when they claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones . after sending one , they were blackmailed into sending more . but when they sought help from principal and clatskanie district police chief , they would be charged with creating and distributing child pornography .
jordan spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round of the masters . the american will partner rose in the last round armed with a useful advantage . the three biggest names in the sport combined with justin rose to throw the veritable kitchen sink at the cool 21 year old .
eric harris , 44 , was shot dead by a 73-year-old reserve deputy in tulsa , oklahoma , on april 2 after he fled during a sting operation in a nearby parking lot . in the footage , deputies are filmed chasing after him , first by car then on foot . once they catch up to him , they tackle him to the ground and order him to lie on his stomach . the fatally-wounded man , who is being held down by his neck by his
didier drogba is yet to be offered an extension on his current 12-month deal at stamford bridge . the ivorian made a shock return to chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012 . but the 37-year-old insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season .
martin tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years . he confessing himself as a ` chief witness ' of football it 's no surprise . tyler is of course referring to the seven goal thriller at anfield on april , 1996 . the game still firmly holds a place in tyler 's personal archive .
inter milan have opened talks with manchester city over a deal for stevan jovetic . the serie a club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward . city are willing to listen to offers if they can recoup a significant amount of the # 22million they paid fiorentina for him in 2013 .
wolfsburg are showing an interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . the mexico international has endured a frustrating season on loan at real madrid . southampton , lazio , stoke city and west ham are also interested in signing him in the summer but the prospect of champions league football could prove tempting .
santi cazorla has said he is happy to stay at arsenal despite interest from atletico madrid . spanish midfielder has scored seven goals and provided eight assists in 29 premier league appearances this season for arsenal . the 30-year-old admits he has heard about interest from the spanish capital .
mario gomez has been linked with a move to the nou camp . the 29-year-old insists even the lure of playing alongside lionel messi and neymar could not tempt him away from the stadio artemio franchi . gomez joined fiorentina in july 2013 for a fee believed to be in the region of # 17.2 million .
barcelona forward pedro has started only 12 league games for barcelona this season . the 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from barcelona . the spain international admits it is difficult not playing an important part for the club . pedro insists there is talk of him leaving the nou camp .
celtic manager ronny deila will try to persuade jason denayer and manchester city to extend the centre-back 's loan deal next season . denayer made his full international debut in belgium 's 1-0 european championship qualifying victory in israel on tuesday night .
raymond billam , 40 , claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres . grandfather-of-four admitted benefit fraud and was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years . but between september 2008 and april 2014 he pulled on green and black shirt of ingsfield lane football club and two other teams in the mexborough and district sunday league .
the council will now offer up to # 200,000 to candidates rather than the # 160,000 enjoyed by former chief boss martin kimber . he left in december after a council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16-year period . the rest of the cabinet resigned in february after a government report said the council was ` not fit for purpose ' and ` in denial ' about exploitation .
brett anthony o'connor has been free on bail since march . the 52-year-old has been charged with four counts of indecent assault involving a child under the age of 16 . he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two boys at schools in sydney more than 25 years ago .
liz the bearded dragon , who lives with owner shannen hussein , 21 , on her hobby farm in melbourne , is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime . to which the reptile responds with a definite nod of her scaly head . liz is then rewarded for her conversational skills with a superworm treat , which she ` absolutely loves ' .
arsenal won their eighth premier league game in a row on saturday . the gunners have n't won the league since 2004 and their first eight-game winning run since then has propelled them to second . ivan gazidis says the club will ` keep pushing ' chelsea again .
chelsea could move for atletico madrid centre back miranda in the summer . the 31-year-old has one year left on his contract and atletico are reportedly keen to cash in this summer . miranda has also been offered to manchester united and manchester city . atletico held talks over miranda last summer when jose mourinho 's side moved to sign diego costa and felipe luis .
a handful of manchester city fans were ejected from old trafford for allegedly mocking the munich air disaster . stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in sick reference to the 1958 tragedy . a total of 23 people perished after a plane carrying matt busby 's talented young side crashed during a take-off attempt from munich .
chelsea beat queens park rangers 3-2 in their premier league clash . thibault courtois was exceptional for the blues in their win . the belgian has struggled in previous weeks and his error led to a goal for hull on march 22 . he says his confidence levels have not waned as a result .
zarina diyas and heather watson were seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the family circle cup in charleston . the 11th seed from kazakhstan won the first set against czech qualifier lucie hradecka . british number one watson lost her serve seven times en route to a 6-3 4-6 7-5 defeat to croatian teen donna vekic in a hard-fought match lasting
novak djokovic beat andy murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the miami open final . the scot has lost his last seven matches to the serb this one . the 27-year-old scot pushed him hard and had enough early chances to have won it in straight sets .
lewis hamilton leads the way in both practice sessions for sunday 's chinese grand prix . hamilton suggested mercedes will be back in control for this race after ferrari and sebastian vettel conjured one of surprises for many a season with the team 's first victory for almost two years at the last race in malaysia .
glasgow warriors have confirmed that experienced duo al kellock and dougie hall will both start friday night 's guinness pro12 match with cardiff blues at scotstoun . the pair have played nearly 300 matches between them for the club - are to retire come the end of may .
stephen curry hit eight three-pointers to eclipse golden state warriors . he hit six before halftime and eight overall , teaming with klay thompson . pau gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds and chicago bulls easily wiped out 19-point halftime deficit . miami missed first 12 shots after halftime , and freefall never stopped .
san antonio stretched its streak of double-digit victories to nine with a 110-98 win against houston on wednesday . defending champion spurs moved onto the tail of houston and also memphis , which drew level with the rockets atop the division by inflicting new orleans ' heaviest defeat of the season .
reanne evans , the 10-time ladies ' snooker world champion , begins her bid to make history and reach the world championship finals . the 29-year-old from dudley would be the first woman ever to reach the crucible should she win three qualifiers , but she faces a tough start in the form of 1997 world champion ken doherty .
cleveland cavaliers forward lebron james says he would pick himself for mvp if he could when a new set of nba awards are presented this summer . players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time . james scored 21 points with nine rebounds and eight assists for the cavs .
liam stewart was set to make his senior great britain debut at the world championships . the 20-year-old forward sustained a shoulder injury during spokane chiefs ' western hockey league play-off series against everett . stewart 's mother and former model rachel hunter watches from the stands .
kyle naughton has been ruled out for the rest of the season . the hull midfielder was shown a straight red for the hefty challenge . david meyler suffered ligament damage and the right-back will face a six-week lay-off . angel rangel will return to the side to face everton on saturday .
stuart armstrong admits taking receipt of his first scottish premiership title would help finalise the process of feeling like a celtic player . for the young midfielder , a parkhead title party next month would also help make up for the hurt he suffered at the very same venue 12 months previously .
the statue will be positioned on the recently opened celtic way . it will represent a man who is synonymous with the club and someone who represented them with true distinction as both a player and manager . mcneill won nine consecutive league championship titles , seven scottish cups , six league cups and , of course .
newcastle face liverpool in the premier league on monday night . john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove . the trip to anfield is newcastle 's first outing since losing a fifth straight tyne-wear derby and they have now won just twice in 2015 .
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves . the magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form . carver has promised to invest in the squad this summer and a major overhaul is expected .
geoffrey kondogbia has impressed liverpool scouts in europe and ligue 1 . the france international was key to monaco 's champions league win over arsenal . the 22-year-old has made 23 appearances for monaco this season . liverpool remain keen on bringing danny ings to anfield .
real sociedad still hopeful of singing burnley striker danny ings . liverpool , manchester city and manchester united have all shown interest in the england under 21 international . ings has interest from borussia monchengladbach among others . england coach roy hodgson will get the money he wants .
gareth bale returns to madrid on the back of a vital double for wales against israel as they claimed top spot in euro 2016 qualifying 's group b . the welshman joined cristiano ronaldo and co for their second day back at training as they prepared for their first match back .
atletico madrid striker fernando torres believes coach diego simeone 's clear understanding of the team 's weaknesses has been key to their success . atletico have belied their economic inferiority to become one of the most dangerous sides in europe and now the la liga champions take on real aiming once again .
sergio aguero opened the scoring after just eight minutes . the argentine scored his 100th goal for manchester city in the 89th minute . city fans thought in fairy tales when he feigned a shot to open up space before firing home probably the biggest goal in the club 's long history .
lazio beat empoli 4-0 at the stadio olimpico . biancocelesti took a fourth-minute lead through captain stefano mauri . antonio candreva and felipe anderson plundered further goals to ensure an eighth straight league win for the coppa italia finalists .
mike brown has not played since the final round of the rbs 6 nations on march 21 . the 29-year-old is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in dubai and no closer to being declared symptom-free . the episode raises questions about whether brown was brought back too early for england 's title-decider against france .
jamie peacock scored a try double for leeds in their win over salford . the 37-year-old rhinos prop had not scored a tries for almost 12 months . the rhinos were a 21-12 regal trophy victory at the willows in november 1993 .
the wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats . the rout saw a hat-trick of tries by richie myler and a 28-point haul for stefan ratchford . gene ormsby claimed two tries along with toby king and ben currie .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford . goals from ashley young , marouane fellaini , mata and chris smalling gave the red devils their biggest derby win for six years . sergio aguero opened the scoring and also netted late on for his 100th city goal .
rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week . the northern irishman heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career . only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era .
diego costa limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury in chelsea 's 2-1 win over stoke city on saturday . costa has been told he will miss just over two weeks following his latest hamstring setback . the spain international could return within two weeks .
jack nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at the masters on wednesday , as camilo villegas fired two in the space of five holes but still could not win the traditional par-three contest . kevin streelman only to find water on the eighth when he played it again as the third play-off hole .
tiger woods was spotted dancing at augusta national on monday . the former world no 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music . woods shared a warm greeting with miguel angel jimenez on wednesday . the ryder cup captain is an old pal of tiger 's so that was unusual .
marc leishman has withdrawn from this year 's competition to be with his wife . masters chairman billy payne has ruled out starting a women 's masters . bubba watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour by his fellow professionals . the australian finished tied fourth behind countryman adam scott .
manuel pellegrini leaves manchester city at the end of this season . the chilean has always provided a welcome contrast to the emotional stresses of life epitomised by his predecessor roberto mancini . there is no particular desire at the club to sack him , but any decision regarding the manager will be motivated much more by what happens next rather than what happened over the past eight months .
eliaquim mangala joined from porto in august last year and is contracted to city until june 2019 . glenn murray delivered city their final blow with a goal from a finely executed free-kick . yaya toure got his team back in the game with 12 minutes left .
barcelona signed 31-year-old jeremy mathieu from valencia for # 14.5 m . thomas vermaelen from arsenal for # 15m but influential voices at the catalan club urged then sporting director andoni zubizarreta . barcelona were desperate for reinforcements and stones ' performances caught the eye of the catalans .
everton beat southampton 1-0 at goodison park on saturday . james mccarthy believes ross barkley is more than capable of handling the pressure on him . the everton midfielder said he thought barkley was ` different class ' despite a mistake with an ambitious pass . the midfielder was withdrawn with 20 minutes to go .
everton manager roberto martinez has rejected claims stubbornness prevents him from adapting his tactical approach . the spaniard has come in for criticism for persisting with trying to get his side to play out from the back . there were even suggestions the players had gone to him asking to play a more direct style .
romelu lukaku was absent injured as phil jagielka 's goal settled this match to give everton a third straight victory . but the win came in the wake of new agent mino raiola saying he would never have signed for everton had he been his representative earlier .
harry kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for tottenham so far this season . kane broke into the england squad and scored 79 seconds into his debut against lithuania . eden hazard has been chelsea 's outstanding performer , scoring 17 times in 44 matches . hazard has scored 17 goals in the premier league since the turn of the year .
harry kane could miss the under 21 european championship due to tottenham playing a friendly in malaysia . kane scored just 79 seconds into his england debut after coming off the bench to head home during last month 's 4-0 win over lithuania at wembley .
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday . jose mourinho 's side are seven points clear at the top of the table . willian believes the blues must continue in the same vein if they are to stay at the summit . the brazilian wants his team-mates to remain focused in their final eight games of the season .
cesc fabregas showed off the result of a nasty-looking clash with charlie adam 's flailing arm during chelsea 's win against stoke city on saturday . the blues extended their lead at the top of barclays premier league to seven points with a 2-1 win at stamford bridge .
bafetimbi gomis scored twice in swansea 's 3-1 win over hull on saturday . the frenchman has scored four goals in his last six premier league games . the ea sports ppi is the official player rating index of the premier league . it measures a player 's contribution to the success of his team .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on january 10 . louis van gaal believes manchester city 's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth spot . the dutchman 's strike inspired by two goals from the excellent ander herrera and crowned by wayne rooney 's magnificent strike .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at lisbon on easter sunday . marcos rojo uploaded an image of himself posing alongside argentina international di maria and their families while sitting on a private plane . the manchester united defender is said to have bombarded her with explicit messages and naked photos .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on saturday . wayne rooney put united 2-0 ahead on 79 minutes as he crashed home the red devils ' second with his right-footed strike . his sixth goal in eight games for the club since being moved back up front .
philippe coutinho started liverpool 's 4-1 thumping at top four rivals arsenal on saturday afternoon . the reds go into their fa cup quarter-final replay at blackburn on wednesday night off the back of damaging league losses at home to manchester united in march . coutinho says winning the fa cup would save their season .
alan pardew 's crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night . the english manager 's ninth win in south london since leaving his role at newcastle at the end of december . his former club have since plummeted in the premier league .
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal at the emirates on saturday . brendan rodgers is ready to recall dejan lovren for the fa cup . lovren has made only 16 league starts since he was signed last summer . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
raheem sterling made the claim before brendan rodgers ' men lost 4-1 at the emirates on saturday - a game in which ozil netted his side 's second goal . the ex-england man has refused to back down , even after sterling 's disappointing display in north london .
bastian schweinsteiger limped off with an ankle injury in their 1-0 win over borussia dortmund in the bundesliga on saturday . the midfielder missed the opening four months of the season with a knee injury , only making his first start in december .
bayern munich face porto in the german cup quarter-final on wednesday . the bavarians beat borussia dortmund 1-0 at signal iduna park . manuel neuer made a spectacular save in stoppage time from a marco reus free kick to ensure the three points .
robert lewandowski returned to haunt his former club as bayern munich beat borussia dortmund . the poland international scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer . pep guardiola 's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the bundesliga .
gary hooper came off the bench to snatch a stoppage-time winner against bolton . former celtic striker hooper 's goal sparked jubilant scenes on the canaries bench . hooper had been a transfer target for lennon earlier in the season so his winning goal was a double blow for the ulsterman .
alex pritchard scored his 10th goal for the rams in stoppage time . the bees controlled the game for long periods after going ahead . tom ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes . the on-loan hull winger was caught by toumani diagouraga in the fifth minute .
gary caldwell admits his first taste of management was ` crazy ' following wigan 's battling 2-2 draw against fulham . the latics may be heading for relegation but they proved they are ready to go down fighting after twice coming from behind to snatch a point at craven cottage .
troy deeney has scored 64 goals in 123 league games at an average of over a goal every other game . watford are currently just one point behind championship leaders bournemouth with five games left to play . the next logical step for the birmingham-born striker is the top flight .
saido berahino is likely to be away with gareth southgate 's england under 21 side in the czech republic until late june so pulis has begun his preparations early . the 21-year-old has said he would leave to fulfil his desire to play in champions league football .
tony pulis has held conversations with peace and is adamant the chairman wants to ensure his legacy is maintained . peace is open to selling west brom for # 150million as long as a suitable custodian can be found by july . peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in america , china and australia with some parties already having a tour of the club 's training ground facilities .
the foxes go to west brom on saturday bottom of the barclays premier league and six points adrift from the survival line . a 2-1 win over west ham last weekend gave them a first victory in nine league games and ended a run of just two points from a possible 24 .
neymar was substituted during the 2-2 draw at sevilla on saturday . barcelona still top of la liga with only ivan rakitic and andres iniesta being substituted more . marca claims the game is ` like a final ' , with real defender pepe calls for intensity and humility .
arsenal midfielder santi cazorla is among a number of players to have offered support to villarreal defender mateo musacchio following his gruesome leg injury . the argentinian fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side 's 1-1 draw at getafe in the primera division on sunday .
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has admitted his academy players are not ready to step into his first-team squad . liverpool 's raheem sterling spoke about his unwillingness to agree a new contract at anfield . fa chairman greg dyke is pushing for the figure to be raised to 12 .
tracey neville is phil neville 's twin and i ask her which of them , back on january 21 , 1977 , emerged first . england coach and sky sports pundit gary neville takes england 's netball team to this summer 's world cup in australia .
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal 's side took a firm grip on third place as they skipped four points clear of their arch rivals in fourth after going behind to an early goal from sergio aguero . neville was impressed by his former club 's performance as a whole ahead of next week 's clash with premier league leaders chelsea .
kenny miller fears rangers ' promotion bid could be derailed by the ibrox side 's rollercoaster run of form . gers suffered the first defeat of new boss stuart mccall 's six-game reign on thursday night as they slumped 3-0 at queen of the south .
england beat championship leaders south africa 21-14 in the final of the tokyo tournament on sunday . phil burgess , charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored the tries . the english bounced back from a thumping group stage defeat to fiji on saturday to win a first title since the wellington sevens in feb. 2013 .
jake drage sang a children 's song for reporters as he left a west java jail nine months after he was put behind bars . the 23-year-old surfer , who was taken into custody in june last year , said he can not wait to get back in the water .
the restaurant 's owner , mr wing himself , is rarely short of a manchester united star or two . the class of '92 -- gary and phil neville , ryan giggs , paul scholes and nicky butt , minus david beckham -- previously dined there .
fernando torres opened the scoring for atletico madrid in the first half . antoine griezmann doubled the lead after just 10 minutes . mikel gonzalez diverts a corner past his own goalkeeper geronimo rulli who fails to punch it away .
cristiano ronaldo scored 300th goal for real madrid in 2-0 win at rayo vallecano . the 30-year-old becomes only the third player in madrid 's history to achieve the feat . he has scored 15 times each against atletico madrid and barcelona .
tennis champion novak djokovic started shouting at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the miami open to murray . he grabbed a towel from the shocked youngster who was caught up in the crossfire . he then extended his apology to the boy 's parents .
arsenal beat liverpool 3-0 in the premier league on saturday . the gunners have boasted since the dying embers of the invincibles side of more than a decade ago . they have pace , power , energy and invention in attack , and that is just alexis sanchez . arsene wenger 's side are title challengers until the arrival of spring .
jennifer aniston , 46 , works out three times a week with long-term trainer mandy ingber . sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning , followed by 45 minutes of yoga . on other days , she might do anything from 40 minutes cycling to ten minutes each of core work , spinning and running .
the bizarre incident was caught on cctv and shows an unidentified man trying to lift the exit barrier at nottingham train station 's multi-storey car park . it is not clear if the wanted man was attempting to avoid a parking payment or merely indulging in an unusual form of vandalism .
sepp blatter has received the full backing of african football 's president . africa is expected to be a strong base of support for blatter . blatter was also present , and made a speech to the africa football leaders in his role as fifa president . hayatou , a fifa vice president and now an ally of blatter after failing to unseat him in 2002 .
gary mabbutt was left with a 30inch scar after his diabetes caused an artery to be clogged requiring emergency surgery to save his leg . the 53-year-old was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find that the leg had gone cold back in 2013 . doctors warned him it was ` touch and go ' on whether the leg would have to be amputated .
gary barlow stopped by the couple 's wedding reception in berkshire and sung the band 's song ' a million love songs ' as a wedding gift . the singer had promised to go along to the reception at the beaumont estate in old windsor after orchestrating the surprise over twitter .
andy murray received his obe in 2013 . she is renowned for championing british designers and has the ability to sell out items immediately after she 's worn them . the super-stylish silhouette puts a bold spin on the traditional evening dress . kim 's style is from a previous wardrobe and flatters all sizes .
deanna robinson , of quinlan , texas , was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents ' home . she said deputies and state workers from child protective services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect following a fight between her and her husband .
woods , 39 , was pictured hugging sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , during the second day of practice at the augusta national golf club , georgia . the 14-time major winner certainly needs all the support he can get after he recently dropped out of the world 's top 100 rankings for the first time since september 1996 .
amanda peake glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who 'd only one month before had completed the myrtle beach marathon with her brother . she was also a co-owner of an elgin fitness center , leaving her mourning friends and family all the more shocked at her sudden death following saturday 's race .
cara lee-fanus was rushed to st peter 's hospital in chertsey , surrey , but died from a head injury the next day despite the best effort of medical teams . doctors treating the little girl discovered bruises all over her body as well as burn marks on her head . her mother , heathrow airport worker kirsty lee , 25 , appeared at guildford magistrates ' court today alongside her then boyfriend alistair wayne bowen , 35 .
the 84-year-old former test captain was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife , daphne . he kept the details of where and when his funeral service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they did n't know the location . despite an offer by the prime minister to hold a state funeral , the cricketing legend was respected with a quiet , dignified ceremony attended only by immediate family .
dzhd tv , an independent network , fears the video launching clinton 's white house bid may fall foul of putin 's ` gay propaganda ' laws . it allows the imposition heavy fines for promoting homosexuality to people under the age of 18 . democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , holding hands , but talking about their up-coming wedding .
atletico madrid and real madrid could n't be separated in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final clash on tuesday . the two giants from the spanish capital played out a goalless draw , meaning all is left to play for in the second leg at the santiago bernabeu . here , sportsmail rates the players in the champions league semi-final at the vicente calderon .
atletico madrid beat rivals atletico at the vicente calderon on tuesday . jan oblak made a string of excellent saves to keep out a shot from james rodriguez in the second half . carlo ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance at the bernabeu next week .
huddersfield drew 2-2 with brighton at the amex stadium on tuesday night . demarai gray was on target for the second successive game as the hosts go on the attack . blackburn captain matt kilgallon put rovers ahead after just eight minutes with his first goal in over a year .
sheffield wednesday beat championship play-off hopefuls brentford 1-0 . kieran lee opened the scoring for the home side with the only goal for the game . both sides managed to work themselves into good areas but could not produce the final pass to create clear-cut scoring opportunities .
jake hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench to keep the pilgrims on course for a place in the conference north play-offs . it put a smile on the face of lewis , his on-off girlfriend in the popular essex-based itv show .
luis enrique has played down neymar 's petulant reaction to be substituted against sevilla . the brazil forward was clearly furious at being replaced by xavi with around 20 minutes left . barcelona face chelsea 's conquerors paris saint-germain on wednesday .
newcastle midfielder rolando aarons has suffered another injury setback . the 19-year-old was in contention to play for the magpies ' under 21s against derby on wednesday . but it is understood he has succumbed to injury once again . moussa sissoko was sent off during monday 's loss at liverpool .
the 44-year-old , named by locals as donna christie , slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday afternoon . she was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children , aged 12 and 13 , when she dropped her phone at the lookout , which is almost 1,100 metres above sea level .
the 38-year-old , who starred in the bbc comedy limmy 's show , revolted his many followers after he uploaded the seven-second clip . during the clip , limmy keeps a manic grin on his face as the spider walks out of his mouth and along his cheek .
dane bouris , 33 , was a contender for 2013 's cleo bachelor of the year . he was arrested at his watsons bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend , alexandra dankwa . he is the son of australian businessman and the apprentice host mark bouris .
in a survey conducted by direct line , 2,005 adults in the uk were questioned on what common events make them feel stressed . almost half -lrb- 46 % -rrb- of brits cited that this causes anxiety . most people would have had to deal with at one point in time .
rose devereux , 49 , was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment . pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row . now faces a bill of # 30,000 to get her smile back .
the images are thanks to revolutionary technology that allows medics to record the microscopic miracle of life - from fertilisation to the division of cells . hundreds of parents are now the proud owners of these embryoscope images , which are also helping scientists learn more about the ivf process . while the couple were undergoing ivf , the embryoscope technology was introduced at the midland fertility clinic .
the 18-year-old played an integral part in chelsea 's 4-0 demolition of roma to earn a place in the uefa youth league final . on friday , he heard news that jose mourinho required his services . so back he went to london , sitting amongst the substitutes on the loftus road bench , the no 37 on his back .
officer clarence habersham , 37 , was the second officer to arrive at the dead man 's body after shooter michael slager should be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report . the call comes after slager , who has been fired from the north charleston police and charged with murder last week , is thought to have falsified reports on the circumstances that led to scott 's death .
jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , said they were surprised to find out their same-sex wedding plans were featured on sunday 's video announcing clinton 's 2016 bid . the pair were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year .
lebron james posted an emotional farewell letter to lauren hill via twitter on friday , just hours after she passed away from her rare tumor . in the letter , the basketball star , dubbed king james , praised the 19-year-old for the ` leadership ' , ` courage ' and ` strength ' . she had shown while suffering from diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma -lrb- dipg -rrb- . james had never actually met lauren , wrote :
cleveland fire officials are trying to determine what caused bricks to fall nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in downtown cleveland . bricks along the top of the former national city bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. monday but no one was injured .
raheem sterling has rejected a contract worth # 100,000-a-week . arsenal have a genuine interest in the liverpool wonderkid . but when push comes to shove , can they emerge victorious in what could turn out to be an auction . manchester city are always in the market for the best british talent .
kevin wimmer is a # 4.4 million target for tottenham this summer . the 22-year-old has impressed the manager of his national team as well as scouts at white hart lane this season . wimmer said it would be a ` dream ' to join a top club like spurs .
manchester city midfielder yaya toure is a dream target for inter milan . the italian giants are keen to sign the 31-year-old this summer . inter are prepared to submit an offer of 60million euros -lrb- # 43m -rrb- for the ivory coast international .
arsenal and southampton have checked on caen midfielder n'golo kante . paris-born kante is a defensive minded player who has impressed for caen this season . marseille have been in constant contact with caen over signing the 24-year-old who has similarities .
paul scholes has told raheem sterling to stay at liverpool . former manchester united midfielder says he is not ready to sign a new # 100,000-a-week deal . scholes says sterling should focus on playing every week rather than move to a bigger club and not play .
chelsea and manchester city are keen to snap jose luis gaya up . the 19-year-old spaniard is real madrid 's first choice to fill the left side . gaya is a key player for valencia , having played 27 league matches this season .
the 41-year-old singer has ditched the proposal for a two-storey basement extension under the garden and glass studio . the take that singer angered the veteran led zeppelin rocker with ambitious proposals for the 46-room mansion . williams responded by withdrawing the blueprints but has now returned with a fresh set of plans .
erica leeder , 26 , has been granted bail after spending almost three weeks behind bars for allegedly squirted her breast milk at a police officer . the mother of three was arrested on march 25 when she was taken to the station on an outstanding warrant , reportedly during a strip search . she has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence .
girl was outside shops with older sister in brighton , east sussex . she suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip following the incident . dog was off the lead with two similar dogs - two were black and one was white . police are hunting the owner of a ` staffy-type ' dog .
miracle godson , from marsh green in wigan , was reported missing on friday afternoon after he jumped into deep waters at east quarry in appley bridge . friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers at about 5pm that day . lancashire police say his death is not being treated as suspicious .
 mogi mirim announced on tuesday that edson cholbi do nascimento , known as edinho , will be the team 's coach in the second division of the brazilian league this year . edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang .
bruno labbadia will return to his post as sports director . the 49-year-old has coached bayer leverkusen and vfb stuttgart . hamburg are the only club with a perfect bundesliga record , having played every season in the top division since the league 's creation in 1963 .
hibs chairman rod petrie has garnered support from hearts and motherwell for a resolution to slash profits levied from play-off finalists from 50 per cent to 25 per cent . the issue will go to the vote at the spfl agm next thursday . hibernian face a battle over potentially lucrative gate revenues with lower league clubs .
newcastle slipped to a fifth successive barclays premier league defeat at liverpool on monday . newcastle remain in relative safety of 13th place with 35 points but the sides below them have been eating into their cushion . they are nine points above the relegation zone but with some awkward-looking games in their run-in .
siem de jong has started just one premier league game since arriving from ajax and he was only days away from a return to action following a five-month layoff with a torn thigh muscle . the 26-year-old returned to training earlier this month and will now feature for united 's reserves .
england 's justin rose produced a fabulous round on saturday to earn himself a place in the final pair with masters leader jordan spieth . the 2013 champion adam scott is paired with englishman lee westwood and will go out at 17.20 , while bubba watson is in the next pair off with austrian bernd wiesberger .
greg rusedski has supported aljaz bedene 's bid to overturn the itf 's ruling that he ca n't play for great britain in the davis cup . bedene secured a british passport last month but can not currently represent his new nation in the competition having played twice for slovenia in 2010 and 2011 .
novak djokovic lost his cool at the end of the second set as murray came back to take the match to a decider . the world no 1 grabbed a towel from the shocked youngster before umpire damien dumusois gave him a code violation for the outburst . he then extended his apology to the boy 's parents .
lewis hamilton was four-hundredths of a second ahead of his team-mate nico rosberg - ` the blink of an eyelid ' . the german will start second . hamilton holds off the challenge from his team . sebastian vettel won last time out in malaysia .
lewis hamilton has a record five poles to his name at the track . the briton finished 0.042 secs ahead of his mercedes team-mate nico rosberg . sebastian vettel will start third , albeit down by nine tenths of a second on hamilton .
daniel ricciardo has called for a back-to-basics approach for red bull . the australian driver has struggled at the start of this year . the main gripe has centred on power-unit supplier renault . lewis hamilton finished third quickest in practice .
the omens are looking good after taking the big race on the opening day of the grand national festival . ap mccoy rode don cossack to victory as he prepares for his final grand national on saturday . there may have been some fortune attached to jezki 's victory as favourite arctic fire fell at the last flight when poised to challenge .
ian bell scored 143 on the first day of the first test against west indies . the 33-year-old said that thoughts of him losing his place in 2009 was a big motivating factor . bell put on 177 for the fourth wicket with joe root and added 130 for the fifth wicket .
jimmy anderson was given a silver cap by mike atherton to mark his 100th test . the list of fast bowling centurions is a short one and anderson finds himself in good company with courtney walsh , glenn mcgrath , chaminda vaas -lrb- 111 -rrb- . richie remembered in a week when cricket lost one of its most revered voices , respectful tributes were paid before play began in antigua .
jonathan trott last played a test for his country in november 2013 . trott was over almost before it had begun when he nicked jerome taylor to darren bravo . the wicket left england one for one after just five balls after being put into bat .
gary neville , phil neville and paul scholes joined manchester thunder netball team to promote the superleague semi-finals . the neville brothers put in a brief appearance , first throwing a netball to each other , and then somewhat awkwardly , clicking along to the music . undefeated all season , the thunder are coached by gary and phil 's sister tracey neville .
jonathan brownlee took the gold coast triathlon in the itu world series on saturday . the yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim , remained at the front during the cycle and then broke clear in the run . the series next moves to south africa and cape town , where alistair brownlee is expected to start while brother jonathan will not .
roberto martinez will hold talks with kevin mirallas over his future at the end of the season . mirallas was one of everton 's top performers in the first half of the campaign . the belgian attacker has made no secret of his ambition to play in the champions league and will speak to him after the final game about what his intentions are moving forward .
former manchester city goalkeeper costel pantilimon scored four goals in 45 minutes . the 28-year-old was dropped in the wake of october 's 8-0 defeat at southampton . the dutch boss was booed from the field at half-time before fans streamed for the exits .
celtic lost 1-0 at tulloch caledonian stadium in november . celtic were held to a draw by caley thistle on saturday . the treble has been left to third-placed aberdeen in the race for treble . the scottish side are now third in the championship table .
celtic face inverness caledonian thistle in the scottish cup semi-final . leigh griffiths fired celtic into an early lead in the first half . the northern irish international scored his third minute goal with his team-mates . but the lead did not last long .
stuart armstrong has backed under-fire dundee united boss jackie mcnamara . the celtic midfielder has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results allied to the revelation that he receives a cut of transfer fees for united players sales . armstrong yesterday backed his old boss to ride out the most testing period of his managerial career .
stuart mccall has warned rangers to be on their guard against livingston in mid-table safety . the ibrox side recovered from their defeat against queen of the south . nicky law and haris vuckic swamped raith rovers in a 4-0 victory . rangers travel to face a livingston side fighting for survival .
nicky clark and haris vuckic put rangers 1-0 up against raith rovers . the win means rangers remain level on 61 points , albeit the leith side have the better goal difference . stuart mccall had suffered his first defeat as rangers manager against queens last week .
john carver labelled moussa sissoko 's tackle as ` indefensible ' . the newcastle boss refused to make excuses for his captain . the 25-year-old was sent off for a second bookable offence at anfield . newcastle lost 2-0 at liverpool on sunday night .
jordan henderson and simon mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night . the england midfielder believes that after finding winning form again following poor results against manchester united and arsenal , liverpool can pile the pressure on to city .
david ospina has the highest win ratio of any premier league player to make more than 10 appearances . colombia international took his tally to 11 wins from 12 games since he displaced wojciech szczesny as no 1 in january . former manchester city defender stefan savic won 10 of his 11 games in the league before being sold to fiorentina .
sandro has defended former manager harry redknapp , saying he is not at fault for qpr 's predicament near the foot of the premier league . the brazilian midfielder accused ` people with their agendas ' of working against him before he left the club in february citing knee problems .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in their fifth final in six seasons . izzy brown and brown are the defending under 21 premier league champions . the blues are officially the best team in europe after their free-scoring attack found the net 36 times in 10 matches en route to victory .
chelsea will play shakhtar donetsk in the final of the uefa youth league on monday afternoon . adi viveash 's team will start as favourites in nyon , switzerland after their resounding 4-0 win over roma in the semi-finals on friday .
paul downton paid the price for their woeful world cup by being sacked as managing director . the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of a figure who has endured a traumatic time since replacing hugh morris in the aftermath of the ashes whitewash .
paul downton lost his job as the england and wales cricket board 's managing director of cricket on wednesday . ecb chief executive tom harrison is keen to have downton 's replacement focus solely on performances , rather than administration duties . ashes 2005 winning skipper vaughan is among the early frontrunners .
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board . it was downton who made the big call to sack kevin pietersen and reappoint peter moores as england coach . the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of downton . october 2013 .
sir bradley wiggins , geraint thomas or ian stannard , ireland 's classics king sean kelly believes the time has come for team sky to break their duck in one of cycling 's monuments . kelly , whose record of nine monument wins puts him in a tie for third all-time , likes what he sees from team sky as the big races approach .
jordan spieth leads the masters at augusta on tuesday . the 21-year-old is the youngest ever masters champion . spieth finished joint second with sweden 's jonas blixt . he is the first player to win on their tournament debut since fuzzy zoeller in 1979 .
the masters 2015 is almost here for the first major of the year . rory mcilroy , ian poulter , graeme mcdowell and justin rose , plus past masters champions nick faldo and charl schwartzel . click on the graphic below to get a closer look at what the biggest names in the game will face when they tee off on thursday .
rory mcilroy will tee off his bid to become just the sixth man to win golf 's grand slam alongside phil mickelson and ryan moore at augusta national on thursday . the northern irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time masters champion mickeson and another mercurial american in moore . but all eyes will be trained on tiger woods among the later starters , as the four-time green jacket winner returns to action
players endured rainy spells during practice on tuesday with forecasts that the wet weather is set continue once the tournament gets underway . typically warm and humid georgia weather is expected to be unsettled by a cold front heading into augusta for the weekend , which is likely to bring more showers and thunderstorms .
brooklyn nets beat portland trail blazers on monday in the only game on the nba schedule . brook lopez dominated twin brother robin with 32 points and nine rebounds . deron williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the nets , who closed in on a play-off spot in the eastern conference by winning for the ninth time in 11 games .
dikembe mutombo was an nba all-star who was famous for swatting away opponents ' shots and wagging his finger at them . mutombo played in the nba from 1991 until 2009 , recording 11,729 points , 12,359 rebounds , and 3,289 blocks during 18 seasons spent mostly with denver , atlanta and houston . three-times college coach of the year john calipari , longtime nba referee dick bavetta , four-times
the san antonio spurs beat golden state 107-92 on sunday . kawhi leonard scored a career-high 26 points in the win . tim duncan had 19 points and danny green added 18 points for the spurs . klay thompson was held to six points for golden state .
al horford and demarre carroll scored 20 points each to help atlanta win . the hawks lost forward paul millsap to a right shoulder injury in a collision with brooklyn 's earl clark with 1:52 left in the first half . there was no foul called on the play which left millsap sprawled on the floor .
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace in the premier league on monday . gary neville said the champions have a ` mentality problem ' . the former manchester united and england defender saw city lose to chelsea at the top of the barclays premier league . manuel pellegirni is under pressure as manchester city fell nine points behind leaders .
chelsea beat qpr 1-0 in their premier league clash at loftus road . the game looked to be heading for a stalemate before fabregas ' 88th minute shot . the win moved jose mourinho 's men seven points clear at the top of the table . the midfielder also paid tribute to the performance of qpr .
jolyon palmer is determined to claim a place in formula one next year . the enstone-based marque are providing their test and reserve driver with a number of outings in friday 's first practice session ahead of grand prix weekends . he will drive in every friday practice session for lotus this season .
fernando torres has hailed manager diego simeone as the reason behind atletico madrid 's recent success . the reigning la liga champions have surpassed expectations with the former argentina midfielder in charge to become one of the most respected sides in europe . atletico have not been beaten by cristiano ronaldo and co in six matches with victories in this season 's super cup and both league clashes .
real madrid face diego simeone 's side at vicente calderon on tuesday . marcelo and cristiano ronaldo looked relaxed in training on monday ahead of tuesday 's champions league quarter-final tie . the brazil international says he and his team-mates are not thinking about their recent form against atletico .
roberto carlos claims to find coaching ` very easy ' after pressures he faced as a player . the 42-year-old guided sivasspor to sixth place in the 2013-14 turkish super lig . carlos has not had his confidence shaken and aims to eventually lead brazil .
this week we 've started a fresh debate based on football . we have assembled two dream teams - one featuring players from the premier league clubs in the south of england and the other featuring northern-based stars . rob draper revealed who he 'd select in the southern xi and on tuesday , joe bernstein did likewise for the north . we then sent the all-star teams to our friends at football manager , who have simulated the match .
barcelona players put through their paces ahead of the champions league quarter-final clash with french giants psg . the first-leg of the highly anticipated tie will take place at the parc des princes on wednesday . barcelona have already encountered psg twice during this year 's champions league campaign .
thiago silva is gearing up to play barcelona in the champions league quarter-final this week . the paris saint-germain defender believes he will face an attack possessing the three best players in the world . the spanish league leaders can unleash a front three of lionel messi , luis suarez and neymar upon the french champions .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday . carlo ancelotti said he did n't see barcelona 's slip on saturday night against sevilla because he was at the cinema ` enjoying a film ' and when he was asked about atletico 's threat from set-pieces he responded . atletico are unbeaten in six derbies this season .
chelsea have been looking for alternatives to vitesse arnhem . french side lille cut their ties with mouscron and chelsea . cheslea are in talks over a partnership with the belgian club . the pair are also aware that regulations governing non-eu players are more lenient in belgium .
lucas moura has praised lionel messi ahead of his side 's champions league encounter against barcelona . the psg play host to barcelona on wednesday night before facing the la liga giants at the nou camp . click here for all the latest paris saint-germain news .
zlatan ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot after sebastien squillaci was sent off . thiago silva holds the french league cup aloft after psg beat bastia 4-0 in the stade de france on saturday . psg have now won their first trophy of the season .
medhi benatia could miss both legs of bayern munich 's champions league quarter-final against porto . the 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties over bayer leverkusen in the german cup last eight on wednesday .
nikile mbalula met with the chairman of the ethics committee 's investigatory chamber , cornel borbely , in zurich this week . fifa said as far back as 2011 that it had strong suspicions that some of the south african national team 's warm-up games were fixed .
ajasthan royals player in india 's lucrative domestic cricket league was offered money to influence a game last month . the player immediately reported the incident to the indian cricket board 's -lrb- bcci -rrb- anti-corruption and security unit . action from the 2012 indian premier league between kolkata knight riders and delhi daredevils .
nikola karabatic , a multiple world and olympic gold medalist , and his younger brother luka were among a group of players banned by the french league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their montpellier club . the trial will likely take place within months .
stuart mccall admits being wowed by murray park in the days after he replaced kenny mcdowall . the former celtic youth coach was forced to make do with during his steelmen stint . the ibrox side lost 3-0 to queen of the south on thursday .
stuart mccall has sent a warning to bilel mohsni about his discipline . the defender extended his questionable disciplinary record by picking up a booking for reacting to opposition fans during thursday 's 3-0 defeat from queen of the south . the rangers boss believes the ibrox side can not risk unnecessary suspensions as they attempt to land a premiership place via the play-offs .
ally mccoist led the ibrox side here on the day it emerged he had handed in his notice of resignation . nine days later , mccaist was out on gardening leave . rangers arrived here in far more ebullient spirits with a new boardroom regime installed and three successive victories under mccall 's command .
tim visser wants to end his edinburgh career lifting silverware at the ground he will call home from next season . scotland face alan solomons in the european challenge cup semi-final at bt murrayfield in a fortnight . the scottish winger signed a two-year deal this month .
al kellock will retire at the end of the season after a career that truly boasted blood , sweat and toil for both club and country . at 33 and had amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for glasgow and edinburgh . the pair clashed at allan glen 's rfc home on thursday .
kerry hamilton was diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma , a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50 . at just 34 , she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children . she spent seven days in hospital with stomach cramps , bleeding and irregular periods for two years .
friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video . the app was created by london-based developers through facebook 's creative labs . it is available for free on ios and android . for example , one tagged #balancingact features six clips in total . each video has a counter that shows how many clips are attached .
swindon beat preston 63rd minute at deepdale on tuesday night . aaron wilbraham opened the scoring for the hosts in the second half . preston 's win meant steve cotterill will have to wait until tuesday to finish the job of returning to the championship .
new indie music was first piped into the cabin during boarding and disembarking - a few months ago and has quickly become a hit with passengers . in fact , many have taken to twitter to share their approval of the new on board playlists , which feature rockers such as the xx , haim , phantogram and hozier .
manchester united are monitoring edinson cavani 's situation at paris saint-germain . cavani was furious about being taken off against marseille at the weekend . the 28-year-old 's agent claudio anelucci says a stint in the premier league is most likely in the current climate .
gregory van der wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave paris saint-germain in the summer . the dutchman recently had a falling out with laurent blanc after the decision to drop the full back for the champions league clash against chelsea . but van derwiel insists he 's happy in paris and is making no plans to leave the ligue 1 side .
the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle . his plan ? to get the all important ` selfie ' - and make an appearance on the street view map . he then uploaded the picture to his instagram account - where he describes himself as ' a tourist of the world ' .
jordon ibe took to instagram to show off his ability to perform the dance move . the 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury but is expected to return in the next few weeks . liverpool face a struggling newcastle in their next premier league outing as they look to close the gap on fourth .
brendan rodgers believes recent defeats are down to his players ' own failings . the reds ' 3-4-2-1 formation helped produce a 13-match unbeaten run . but rodgers insists a drop-off in results is more to do with their own performances than those of their opponents .
england dominated the second day of a farcical match in st kitts . jos buttler looked lively in his early spell after he was brought in for his first bowl for england . the match was drawn , just about , and it should also have been hung and quartered .
bayern munich beat borussia monchengladbach 2-0 on saturday . pep guardiola put his players through their paces as they carried out rondo passing drills in training . xabi alonso was left stretching for a pass with his team-mates watching on and ending up falling over .
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at selhurst park on monday . samir nasri dined out with girlfriend anara atanes on tuesday night . manuel pellegrini 's side are nine points behind premier league leaders chelsea and nasri could be leaving this summer .
the 11-time all star brushed off rough treatment from the chicago bulls as his cavs won on sunday . the self-titled king james ' talk was n't so tough as he paid a second visit to the dentist 's chair in a fortnight . hahaha but seriously what 's up .
kevin davies injured his left hand during preston 's fa cup fifth round replay 3-1 defeat to manchester united on february 16 . the 38-year-old has been through the wars during his 22 years in the beautiful game - being bumped and bruised by many an opposition defence .
ander herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons following a good spell at athletic bilbao . the manchester united midfielder says he wears both his forename and surname in order to carry on his form that earned him the move to the english giants last summer .
danny welbeck and several of the liverpool squad appear to share a mutual fondness for nicki minaj . the gunners forward was spotted arriving at the manchester arena on monday night to watch the pop star perform . enrique was also in attendance at the concert along with team-mates alberto moreno and mamadou sakho .
marcos rojo went away during a week off for his club side in portugal . the argentina international is impressing in defence under louis van gaal . fitness instructor sarah watson claims rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the united star .
jack wilshere completed 90 minutes in arsenal 's 4-1 win over stoke city . the england midfielder injured his ankle during the loss to manchester united in november . the midfielder has set his sights on the fa cup semi-final with reading and the premier league clash with man united .
the most dangerous serve their time in level iv maximum-security facilities . it is estimated as much as 97 per cent are gang affiliated . the gangs rule life behind the cement walls the same way as out on the streets . the california department of corrections offers a chance at a different way of living on the inside .
roy keane , 43 , is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie fateh kerar , 44 , near traffic lights in ashley road , altrincham , on january 30 . he did not attend a brief hearing at trafford magistrates ' court on wednesday but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf by his lawyer .
liverpool have lost ground in the race for the champions league places . brendan rodgers will not go so far as to say the fa cup could save this campaign for liverpool . the reds host blackburn in the premier league on wednesday night . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
carlos colina , 32 , is being held on $ 1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and improper disposal of a human body in cambridge , massachusetts on monday . the remains of jonathan camilien , 26 , including a torso and limbs , were found in colina 's apartment building across the street . now the boston herald has unearthed police reports and witness accounts showing colina had intimidated fellow gym users and even fought them before being thrown out .
kim min hyeok is ninth in the j-league and furious claims have been made that the 23-year-old deliberately committed the horrific foul . the south korean defender only received a yellow card and was allowed to play on , much to the fans ' uproar is not so much the act itself .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid thrashed granada 9-1 . the portuguese star has not been at his best this year , but turned things around with a stunning display on sunday . he tweeted for his many fans to join him in using excercise as a way of feeling better .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with qpr . the belgium international has seven goals in seven games under tim sherwood . villa are three points above the barclays premier league drop zone . click here for all the latest villa news .
the 22-second clip shows the two-time grand national winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it as the bookmaker gears up for saturday 's big race at aintree . irish jockey walsh , who is riding ballycasey in the race , starts the clip by saying : ` this is how i 've been getting ready for this year 's grand national ' .
gary mabbutt was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold back in 2013 . the 53-year-old was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes at 17 . he will not be able to play football again , leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters .
chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from charlie adam on saturday . jose mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of barclays premier league to seven points with a 2-1 win . the former arsenal and barcelona ace was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with adam .
arsenal lost 6-0 to chelsea in the fa cup last season . the gunners are now in fine form and beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday . arsene wenger 's team were heavily criticised after throwing away the title . the north london side have exactly the same record as they did at this stage .
jack wilshere has n't played for the first team since injuring his ankle against manchester united in november . the gunners are now ahead of city in the table and appear to be a club on the up . if # 30million or more is truly on the table , arsenal must consider it .
rio ferdinand has made 700 professional club appearances and won 81 caps for england , six premier league titles , the fa cup and the champions league . the 36-year-old was forced to watch on from the sidelines as rangers claimed a potentially crucial point away to aston villa on tuesday night .
matt phillips has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest in europe 's top five leagues . the hoops winger has been in sensational form since the turn of the year . lionel messi is level with wolfsburg playmaker kevin de bruyne . the ex-chelsea midfielder has made an incredible 17 assists in the bundesliga this season .
tim sherwood 's jacket did not survive beyond the first 10 minutes and after this astonishing contest it remains to be seen if either of these sides fare much better . when he saw benteke convert the second of his three goals after 33 minutes , he may have felt his damning critique on monday had provoked exactly the response he was looking for . but the grit , desire and determination his forwards had demonstrated was lacking at the opposite end of the field and a qpr side every bit as desperate to
jack wilshere moved a step closer to recovery from the serious ankle injury . the england midfielder came through the 4-1 win over stoke city . he was joined by mikel arteta and abou diaby in the under 21 premier league fixture at the emirates stadium .
crystal palace co-chairman steve parish described a ` great moment ' as he basked in the glory of his club 's 2-1 win over manchester city . parish posed for a picture at selhurst park with palace manager alan pardew , england boss roy hodgson and bill wyman .
didier drogba took a stroll through the capital on tuesday afternoon . the chelsea striker was spotted talking on his mobile phone in london . the 37-year-old replaced diego costa during the second half of blues ' 2-1 win over stoke on saturday .
franck ribery worked under louis van gaal at bayern munich . the french winger claims the dutchman is a ` bad man ' who lost players ' trust . van gaals took charge of the bavarians in 2009 but only lasted two years . he also claimed real madrid tried to sign him in 2009 .
aston villa drew 3-3 with fellow relegation battlers qpr at villa park on tuesday night . christian benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go . tim sherwood gave qpr a 2-1 lead in the second half of the evening . villa have six more games to achieve premier league survival .
reigning masters champion bubba watson admits he must ` improve as a man ' after fellow professionals appeared to choose him as the most unpopular player on the pga tour . an espn.com survey of 103 tour professionals - 21 of whom were major champions - anonymously answered questions on a wide range of topics . watson has won two green jackets but not a popularity contest among his peers .
tim sherwood and chris ramsey met at villa park on tuesday night . it was good to see two english coaches who have come up through the ranks against each other in a match of this importance . they have been for pints this season and will do so again in the future no doubt .
leeds rhinos have sent full back zak hardaker on an anger management course . hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in leeds . leeds said hardaker 's punishment is far stronger ` given his previous misconduct ' .
jenson button believes mclaren have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix . button and fernando alonso retired during the race at the sepang international circuit in malaysia . the duo at least discovered the car was competitive alongside other midfield runners .
stan collymore watched his boyhood club claw back a vital point against qpr . sporting a claret and blue scarf in the press box at villa park . the former striker could not contain himself as christian benteke fired home to make it 2-1 to the home side .
the image was taken at sebastian inlet state park near vero beach by john bailey , wptv reported . bailey told the television station that the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water . however , bailey said the bobcats might have been scared by his presence .
manchester derby is now one of the biggest match-ups in world football . millions across the globe cram around tv screens to catch a glimpse of the fixture . but just how manchester is the clash between city and united ? sportsmail takes a look at everything local between the two giants . martin edwards , son of a salford butcher , ruled the roost at old trafford .
kolo toure found the net in liverpool 's fa cup clash with blackburn . brendan rodgers faces one of those defining moments in a season that has not lacked them . he wanted to save his best resources for chelsea and lost that game . but his effort was ruled out .
wisden editor lawrence booth has launched a stinging attack on the ecb . he says the national team have lost touch with the game 's public . the former england batsman will ply his trade for surrey in a bid to reclaim his spot in the england test team .
youssouf mulumbu has picked harry kane and eden hazard for the main prizes . the west brom midfielder posted an image of his voting slip to twitter on wednesday and asked his followers : ` what do u -lrb- sic -rrb- think ?! ' .
arsenal beat monaco 3-1 in the champions league quarter-finals . geoffrey kondogbia has amassed over 100 league appearances for lens , monaco , and even sevilla . the central midfielder was a key player for france alongside paul pogba at the under 20 world cup in 2013 .
tyrone mings posted a screengrab of a text message conversation on his instagram account . his mother thanked him for wiping ` all my debt away for the first time ever in my life ' . the 22-year-old has been linked with a move to premier league side arsenal following impressive performances .
manchester united beat real madrid in michigan last summer in front of 109,000 fans . the club have agreed once again to rake part in the international champions cup that they won last summer by beating liverpool in a final in miami . united have turned down offers from asia and australia .
christian benteke 's hat-trick earned villa a point against qpr . the 24-year-old 's treble accounted for the 46th , 47th and 48th goals . spain have the likes of diego costa and david silva . eden hazard has helped belgium 's cause with 12 goals for chelsea .
stuart broad slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle on the floor . broad had complained about the state of the crease , which was damp after overnight rain , after bowling just three balls of his first over of the day at warner park . england face west indies on monday in antigua .
nike replaced umbro as united 's kit supplier in 2002 while adidas are about to start their second stint with united . the away and third strip is predominately white with the iconic three adidas stripes running down the sleeves in manchester united red and accompanied with a v-neck collar in the same colour .
pep guardiola has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016 . the former barcelona boss led bayern to the bundesliga title and german cup in his first season in charge . chairman karl-heinz rummenigge revealed earlier this year that negotiations over a new deal will take place this summer .
phil jagielka was on hand to visit chaophraya restaurant in liverpool . toffees skipper tucks into plate of pad thai after learning to cook dish himself . roberto martinez 's men travel to liberty stadium on saturday looking for fourth premier league win in succession .
harry dowd , 76 , played 181 games in nine years at maine road . the salford-born keeper once famously scored for city against bury . he joined the club as an amateur at the age of 20 in 1958 . former city player fred eyre paid tribute to dowd .
robin van persie has missed manchester united 's last six games . louis van gaal said last week he did not expect the striker to be fit enough to return for sunday 's game against manchester city . the 31-year-old tweeted : ` back to training with the group today ' .
fc chern sophomorets are struggling financially due to lack of funding and sponsorship . they are offering their players luxury houses by the sea in exchange for wages . the houses are valued at around # 67,000 , according to sergey kernitskiy . the club are currently 11th in the 14-team league .
ander herrera and juan mata have been in scintillating form in recent games with both bagging braces in manchester united 's last two victories . mata completed his brace against liverpool with a stunning volley on the hour mark . the pair are currently fifth in the premier league table .
the unidentified restaurant owner was attacked by the would-be rapist as she was closing the empty shop in the eastern province of shandong , china . she let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet . the unidentified woman then raced out of the restaurant - but was followed by her attacker .
cesc fabregas suffered the break during chelsea 's win over stoke city . the spaniard has since travelled to milan to see a specialist . the mask was made by the orthopedic centre and craftsmen stefano duchini and lucilla pezzoni . fabrega will wear a special protective face mask for the blues .
manchester city stars joined around 100 local schoolchildren for the unveiling of a 64metre mural depicting ` the football effect ' . players including vincent kompany and gael clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the design . the mural has been inspired by young city fans around the world to reflect the positive influence that the game has brought to their lives .
newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club 's next home game against tottenham on sunday , april 19 and turn up the heat on owner mike ashley . a social media campaign has been launched for the match , which will be shown live on sky sports , in a bid to ensure they are watched by their lowest ever premier league crowd . fans who do n't want to turn their back on the players with newcastle just above the relegation zone have been encouraged to take part
senad lulic scored a late goal to give lazio a 1-0 win at napoli . lazio drew 1-1 away in the first leg of the semi-final but were knocked out . napoli boss benitez was under pressure after his side slipped from third to sixth in serie a .
paul downton was fired by new ecb chief executive tom harrison . the decision to sack a man who has endured a traumatic 14 months since succeeding hugh morris after england 's ashes whitewash was unanimous . it was downton who took huge call to sack kevin pietersen and then re-appointed peter moores .
ernest goult , 72 , is accused of making the gesture at a middlesbrough home game against blackburn in the championship in november . blackburn players markus olsson , rudy gestede and lee williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial .
cristiano ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career . portugal forward netted in the 68th minute to move within four points of barcelona . the portugal international is the third player in the club 's history to reach the landmark alongside alfredo di stefano and raul .
gary bowyer watched his goalkeeper simon eastwood almost snatch a last-gasp draw for his side against liverpool . philippe coutinho 's 70th-minute strike gave liverpool the lead with 20 minutes to play . jordan henderson believes liverpool 's 1-0 fa cup quarter-final victory at blackburn will give his team-mates a much-needed lift heading into the barclays premier league run-in .
steven gerrard 's dream of featuring in fa cup final remains a reality . liverpool saw off blackburn rovers at wembley on wednesday night . the red card for a stamp on manchester united 's ander herrera at anfield . philippe coutinho came to the rescue for liverpool by scoring the game 's only goal at ewood park to book their place in the semi-final with aston villa .
philippe coutinho broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes across the two games . blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time . sportsmail 's oliver todd rated the player 's performances at ewood park . the skipper was unfazed by the challenge of daniel sturridge .
jack nicklaus was playing alongside gary player and ben crenshaw as the first roar of masters week filled the skies in a sunswept georgia . nicklaus became the youngest person to wear a green jacket in 1963 . he is one of five men to complete the career grand slam , an accolade which favourite rory mcilroy can achieve if he wins his third major in succession .
philippe coutinho struck the only goal of the game as liverpool advanced to the fa cup semi-finals . the 25-year-old had not slept the night before the game . liverpool boss brendan rodgers revealed henderson told him there was no chance he was missing the fixture once the baby had arrived .
steven gerrard , daniel sturridge , philippe coutinho and raheem sterling would all have been worthy recipients . luis suarez was clearly liverpool 's player of the season after the striker scored 31 goals in the campaign . martin skrtel was a big presence .
mamadou sakho limped off early on in liverpool 's 1-0 fa cup sixth round replay win over blackburn rovers . the french defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area . brendan rodgers will be hoping for a quick recovery .
hector bellerin has emerged as a star player after filling in for mathieu debuchy . the spaniard scored his second premier league goal , cutting inside and curling left-footed past simon mignolet , in the 4-1 win over liverpool last weekend .
real madrid manager carlo ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to cristiano ronaldo for diving in the area during their 2-0 win over rayo vallecano . the decision means he could be suspended for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday .
celtic retained their seven-point lead at the top of the scottish premiership with an easy 2-0 win over 10-man partick at parkhead . the home side laid siege to the thistle defence at the start of the match but had to rely on a kris commons penalty a minute before the break to give them the interval lead .
thiago alcantara scored the winning penalty as bayern munich beat leverkusen to reach the german cup semi-final . the spaniard challenged for the ball but followed through with a nasty kick into stefan kiessling 's chest . the match deadlocked at 0-0 at the end of extra time , thiago then converted the decisive penalty in the shootout .
manchester city beat leicester 3-0 at the king power stadium on wednesday . isaac buckley and brandon barker struck to kill that dream off . leicester will face chelsea in the first leg on april 20 before travelling to stamford bridge a week later .
delonte ' martistee , 22 , of georgia and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , of alabama were charged on friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators relating to the incident that occurred between march 10-12 . the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details , panama city news reports . calhoun of mobile , alabama was suspended along with martistee
nina moric , 38 , posted photos of heavy bruising on her arms on her instagram account which has more than 40,000 users . italian media reported ms moric tried to take her own life and was found by her mother in the luxury apartment she shares with her boyfriend in milan .
burnell ` bernie ' mitchell has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . the 61-year-old changed his name to khalid rashad after converting to islam . his sister is the singer of the 1970s band boney m and whose hits include rasputin and daddy cool .
storm prediction center upgraded to second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - while stressing that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern oklahoma to central missouri . strong storms swamped indianapolis , cincinnati and charleston , west virginia , at midday wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of west texas .
the banyan tree in guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk , but a whole web of roots . it has captured the attention of locals , who say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure . the roots then became the trunk of the tree , leading to its strange appearance .
fabio capello claims england would be in stronger position if they still had chelsea star at their disposal . capello resigned as england manager in february 2012 just two days after publicly criticising the fa 's decision . he believes terry should have kept his role under the presumption of innocence until guilt is proven .
alain robert climbed dubai 's 1,007 ft cayan tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk , which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist . hundreds of spectators looked on as the 52-year-old free-climber scaled the 75-storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees .
a new book by author martin fletcher has revealed a series of blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham . the official inquiry into the blaze , led by mr justice oliver popplewell , concluded that the fire was an accident , probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish . today sir oliver was asked about the new allegations in an interview on bbc radio leeds , where he rubbished mr fletcher 's claims
the man who has been named as jose luis by spanish daily el pais yelled ` enter if you have the balls ' before an intense firefight ensued . the 50-year-old man is in a serious condition at hospital clinico in zaragoza after being shot twice in the shoulder with a shotgun .
the canal and river trust in bath are carrying out the dredging operation . divers had already located and harnessed the dumped items before the barge was used lift to the obstructions , including mopeds , on to the riverbank . it came after the abandoned cars and other objects were identified by the environment agency during a recent survey of flood defences in bath .
the first lady of north korea has appeared in public for the first time since december . a grinning ri sol-ju , wearing what appeared to be a wedding ring on her left hand , was pictured clapping next to her smiling husband kim jong-un . the pictures of the couple at a podium flanked by top party officials were published in state media .
andrew odell tweeted the company a picture of the rodent crawling around inside the packaging of his sliced white . when aldi replied he wrote that his heavily pregnant wife had already been in touch and that the couple were ` extremely upset ' about the incident . twitter users began responding to the original tweet .
the ferocious feline was chasing what was sure to be dinner when it slipped on the icy surface and lost its footing . as the tiger raced towards the bird , it flew directly upwards forcing the mammal to try and stop dead in its tracks . at first all was well , with the tiger homing straight in on an airborne feathery meal .
jordan morris scored early in the second half and juan agudelo added his first international goal in four years as the united states beat mexico . the 20-year-old thought to be the first university student to make the us side in at least two decades , pounced on a ball that ricocheted off defender mario osuna in the 49th minute .
bob shannon , 59 , helped prepare hatton for his comeback fight against vyacheslav senchenko in november 2012 . the manchester-based trainer 's stable includes hatton 's brother , matthew , the european welterweight champion . shannon has been charged with a sexual assault on an underage girl after police received a complaint last year .
manchester united players hung a fake bird above ashley young 's peg in the dressing room after a bird pooed in his mouth during a top-flight match against swansea . luke shaw says young is the biggest joker in the manchester united dressing room . shaw admits he picks up tips from goalkeeper david de gea .
sir bobby robson 's title-chasing side were found dumped in a skip . framed squad photographs of sir bobby alongside alan shearer , gary speed , nobby solano and shay given have been found discarded alongside grass cuttings , cardboard boxes and bin bags .
jurgen klopp has announced he is to quit borussia dortmund at the end of the season . dortmund were bundesliga champions in 2011 and 2012 before they reached the final of the champions league in 2013 . but the signings of mario gotze and robert lewandowski helped bayern munich re-establish their dominance .
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille in the summer . ghana international wants to join anfield club who he supported as a boy . everton , newcastle and swansea have all shown interest . ayew , 25 , was born in france but followed his father abedi pele .
dagenham midfielder joss labadie has been banned for six months . the 24-year-old was last month charged with violent conduct by the fa . it came just 12 months after he was banned for 10 matches and fined # 2,000 for biting chesterfield 's ollie banks while playing for torquay .
mohamed yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute and ligue 1 top scorer lacazette took his tally to 25 minutes later . french champions paris saint-germain are second two points off the pace . lyon dominated throughout but were made to wait by bastia .
fa chairman dyke must find # 30million to fund masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3g pitches in urban coaching hubs . england c , which has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979 , is managed by former barnet boss paul fairclough . the team normally plays only three or four times a season .
bristol city beat bradford city 6-0 in the premier league on tuesday . aden flint scored his side 's fourth goal of the game as city earn an impressive 6-1 at valley parade . the robins stars shower each other in their isotonic drinks following victory .
paul mcgowan has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order . the 27-year-old was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer . he was sentenced to 130 hours of unpaid work and handed a one-year supervision order in january 2014 after admitting kicking two officers .
the panel of eight medical professionals will advise the fa on what can be done to make the game safer . head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since hugo lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with romelu lukaku in 2013 . new rules introduced at the start of the current barclays premier league season stating a player suffering a head injury must leave the pitch and only be allowed to return if cleared by a club doctor .
a touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at anz stadium in sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry canterbury fans . officials had penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute of the game . as officials left the field and tried to enter the tunnel a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them .
lionel messi and neymar have a special relationship , according to gerard pique . the spanish giants are in france ahead of their champions league quarter-final tie against paris saint-germain . pique took some time out to wax lyrical about his team-mates .
the family of lavall hall released the shocking video which calls into question the miami gardens police department 's account of the incident on february 15 . the clip captured from the police car at the scene shows shell cases flying as a police officer shot the 25-year-old schizophrenic . the police department said the officers were forced to shoot because hall ` attacked ' them with ` deadly force ' using the broom .
suma was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 where she was initially given daily medication to help relieve the pain . but on thursday , amazing photographs were captured of the primate 's thorough health examination by surgeons . doctors had to anaesthetise suma in order to check how her condition has progressed over the past two years .
the quake caused a ` sharp jolt ' to be felt in the san fernando valley . it was centered about four miles north of sanfernando near interstate 210 . the quake came three days after a magnitude 3.5 earthquake hit the west los angeles neighborhood of baldwin hills .
the ebay listing , posted friday , showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of hernandez , 25 , and identifying information , including his height , weight and birth date . the listing , which was deleted on saturday and had zero bids , was posted by a user who claimed he was in jail with her nandez .
ian drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain . but the 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at blackpool rangers fc . he also claimed he could only walk for two or three minutes at a slow pace . he was watched and was on his feet for three or four hours at a time .
terry richardson is one of the most famous and most controversial photographers in the fashion industry . known as much for his racy - often pornographic - photo shoots as he is for the sexual assault allegations that have been made against him . this week he faced accusations from the model kate upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission .
daniel agger has been accused of elbowing fc copenhagen 's mattias jorgensen . the incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials . agger is involved in another physical battle during brondby 's clash with fc midtjylland .
youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action . footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises . when her back is rubbed , she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds . in between her vocal outbursts , the cat manically licks her furry body . to date the clip of her singing has been watched more than 17,000 times .
quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake , indiana . when the pair caught a bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail . the sound of the fish making impact with the youngster 's face is not dissimilar to a sound effect used in a cartoon .
the curl-crested jay is native to south america and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds . with the ever-growing presence of human 's in their natural habitats , the bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song .
lewis hamilton has described his ongoing contract issues as ' a pain in the backside ' . the british sporting star was sporting two gold chains ahead of this week 's chinese grand prix . hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium on sunday .
robin van persie snr posted the video on his instagram account . the holland international performed a so-called scorpion kick . the youngster has his dad in stitches with what appears to be a goal celebration inspired by the film grease . meanwhile , manchester united forward will reportedly be offered # 5million to leave old trafford in the summer .
west indies took the four wickets he needed to become the most prolific bowler in england 's history in his 100th game with record holder sir ian botham . when anderson watched by his wife , two daughters and parents , strode out to bat england had lost five wickets for 20 runs .
watford beat millwall 2-0 in their premier league clash on friday . aiden o'brien was a constant menace for the hosts . adlene guedioura slotted a vital second goal shortly after the break . millwall keeper david forde was called into action in the first minute .
joao teixeira broke his leg during brighton 's goalless draw with huddersfield . the 22-year-old was taken to the royal sussex county hospital in brighton . the portuguese starlet has been ruled out for the rest of the season .
jason denayer is wanted back by manchester city for pre-season assessment . the 19-year-old defender is wanted by parent club man city . ronny deila confirmed that the defender would be missing for the champions league qualifers in july . denayer remains non-committal on the prospect of an extended loan deal .
a professor in new york invited her 11-year-old autistic son to one of her classes , during which he got up on a chair and drew the world map from memory . a student took the photos and her father posted them on the online community , reddit , as user bobitis . the map was highly accurate and included details such as political borders and tiny coastal islands .
borussia dortmund have offered a contract extension to mats hummels . the germany international has been on manchester united 's list of targets for some time but insists he has yet to make a decision . dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke is optimistic about extending his stay .
kehl fired a spectacular volley in extra time to give borussia dortmund a 3-2 victory over hoffenheim . earlier , ricardo rodriguez converted a second-half penalty to allow wolfsburg to advance with a 1-0 victory over freiburg . dortmund played without central defender mats hummels and forward star star marco reus .
jurgen klopp has conceded that bayern munich were the better team in their 1-0 victory over his former club . robert lewandowski condemned his former side to defeat in the bundesliga clash . the bavarians are now 10 points clear at the top of the table .
john terry made the short trip across london to face qpr in the derby . the chelsea skipper racially abused then qpr defender anton ferdinand in october 2011 . terry was injured for sunday 's match at loftus road . he played the full 90 minutes but how did he get on .
chelsea travel to loftus road marks chelsea 's 700th game under the ownership of roman abramovich . jose mourinho says the next 700 will see them supply more players for the english national team . the russian finally got his hands on the champions league trophy in 2012 .
england women 's european championships qualifier against norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake . the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at seaview stadium in belfast on thursday . the match resuming with england retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down .
the bbc has made light of disgraced presenter 's attack on a junior producer . the episode was apparently filmed last july but the narration has recently been tweaked . the commentary now explains to viewers : ` since the making of this documentary , certain events have happened as a result of which for technical reasons we are unable to mention certain people by name ' .
st. louis freshman men 's crew captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker benjamin rosenbaum . initially everything appears to be calm , until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water around the boat . suddenly all hell breaks loose and without any real warning hundreds of fish jump from the water .
the woman known only as goska has mixed with exotic animals . among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar , perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the polish volunteer . the large feline drinks from it with great enthusiasm before seamlessly moving onto another bottle .
new york state senator jeffrey klein said a staffer ` accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone ' with a link to google image results for ` susan del percio hot ' . the tweet included a series of seemingly random characters followed by a google search for images of the strategist , who has previously worked with former new york city mayor rudy giuliani .
the 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in pyongyang . footage shows the dictator waving and smiling to the crowds . doctors who have examined the photos say it is unlikely he has fractured his wrist . the state of kim jong-un resurfaced after six weeks of no appearances .
storm system stretches from texas up to the great lakes and down to north carolina , has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring . hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees . strong storms rumbled through the southern plains early on thursday , missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit chicago , detroit and other big cities in the midwest later in the day .
yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan . two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone . but her six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was all part of a plan to keep you 's pretty girlfriend by his side forever .
the dual carriageway was shut for an hour on monday afternoon . some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries . a car swerved out of the way and went completely into the barrier . about four cars must have crashed before she finally stopped .
gary neville believes manchester united have a good chance of beating chelsea . louis van gaal 's side have beaten tottenham , liverpool and manchester city in recent weeks to enhance their chances of finishing in the top four . the dutchman has answered his critics by finding a formation that suits the players at his disposal .
siem de jong has made just one premier league start since his # 6million arrival from ajax last summer . the 26-year-old made way at the break after coming through the first half of united 's 2-0 defeat to derby county at st james ' park . he tore his thigh muscle in september and underwent surgery .
moussa sissoko was sent off during liverpool 's 2-0 defeat at anfield . the france international was given a second yellow card for the offence . head coach john carver feels it should have been a straight red . newcastle are nine points clear of danger with six matches to play .
jack colback says newcastle fans are being left short-changed as club 's sorry season threatens to plunge new depths . the 25-year-old says he is already looking forward to next term given the slump in form . but before this season is out colback and his team-mates will have to endure planned protests with a boycott of sunday 's match against spurs .
andy lee will leave new york with his head held high and a burgeoning reputation firmly intact . the irishman vacated the wbo middleweight title lee won so gloriously in las vegas last december before the result was deemed a draw . it was the first time the reigning champion had gone the distance .
graeme mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par . the former us open champion is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year 's first major championship . the european tour chief referee was given a one-shot penalty .
rory mcilroy was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday . horan fell while caddying for the northern irish golfer in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta national . the irish singer will get some payback in september .
jermain defoe scored the winner for sunderland in their tyne/wear derby victory on sunday . the 32-year-old waved to the crowd at a wrestling event in newcastle . the striker was booed by some when he walked out at the wwe event on thursday evening .
martin montoya lines up a lofted pass during training at ciutat esportiva . the young spanish defender made his hoop dreams come true by netting pass from around 30 yards ` downtown ' straight into a basketball ring on the other side of the club 's training ground .
jose mourinho has won league titles in all four countries that he has managed - portugal , england , italy and spain . the 52-year-old insists he is improving in every aspect of his job . but mourourinho regularly finds himself in hot water with the football association .
jose mourinho believes the ballon d'or should be scrapped . real madrid superstar cristiano ronaldo is the current holder of the trophy which is voted for by national team managers and captains . the chelsea manager has previously won the compeition three times . wenger said he was ` totally against ' the ballons .
rory mcilroy was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71 . that left the world no 1 four shots off the clubhouse lead of justin rose and charley hoffman , but it could have been a lot worse as the 25-year-old was forced to scramble for par a number of times on the front nine .
kevin pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of the team photo shoot . the batsman joked with photographers at the kia oval for the photo session , with surrey set to begin their campaign at glamorgan on april 19 . the 34-year-old was axed by the former managing director in 2014 .
tiger woods had worked so hard on his short game , the other quality needed to take a safe passage through these parts had been forgotten . there has been so much yip yap these last few weeks it was forgotten that woods was becoming more erratic off the tee , long before his chipping went west .
arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old maxi romero from velez sarsfield . the deal has been held up by red-tape over the make-up of romero 's ownership rights . the premier league have strict rules regarding third-party ownership and the issue must be settled before he can play for the gunners .
sir alex ferguson and jose mourinho formed a firm friendship despite being fierce rivals . the portuguese sprinted down the touchline in celebration at porto 's last-gasp goal that sealed qualification and a seismic shock . the chelsea boss has attracted controversy like no other manager in the modern game .
england women 's under 19 replay against norway was truly bizarre . leah williamson held incredible nerve to retake a penalty which she ought to have taken on saturday . german referee marjia kurtes disallowed her penalty for encroachment from england players at the weekend .
rickie fowler has been dating bikini model alexis randock since last year . the american golfer was forced to defend the 24-year-old last week after she was accused of being a gold digger by an internet troll . dustin johnson is engaged to model and pop singer paulina gretzky .
the day after brendan rodgers ' side secured an fa cup semi-final berth brad jones , glen johnson and fabio borini were among the local celebrities to turn out as the sun shone in liverpool . the night before philippe coutinho 's 70th-minute strike in the replay with blackburn saw the reds through to the last four in their final chance for silverware for the season .
michael vaughan is in pole position to become the new director of cricket ahead of andrew strauss and alec stewart . the former england captain will demand almost unprecedented responsibility if he is to head up the revolution that harrison and chairman-elect colin graves have begun with wednesday 's sacking of downton .
reanne evans , 29 , was a winner on thursday night . she advanced the cause of women in sport no end and gave doherty the fright of his life in an enthralling match that wo n't be bettered in this year 's qualifying tournament . doherty took out the first frame 71-15 .
kell brook was introduced to the crowd in sheffield on thursday . the 28-year-old was a winner twice on the same evening to catapult himself onto 17 points in second place in the table after 10 weeks . brook is set to defend his title for a second time on may 30 against frankie gavin .
sergio aguero insists manchester city can retain the premier league despite defeat by crystal palace . the argentinian scored a 94th minute winner to wrest the title from united 's grasp in 2012 . manuel pellegrini 's team are nine points behind chelsea , who have a match in hand against bottom side leicester .
danny welbeck scored the winner as arsenal beat manchester united in the fa cup quarter-final in march . he posted a vile , racist rant under the username @angeisleftfoot which read : ` welbeck is dead to me , the f ****** c *** ... ' . the tweet continued with sickening references that are too offensive to publish here .
amelie mauresmo will be heavily pregnant as she guides murray through wimbledon . the openly gay 35-year-old broke the news on social media on thursday night . murray , 27 , marries long-time fiancee kim sears at dunblane cathedral .
british no 2 aljaz bedene has booked a quarter-final place at the grand prix hassan ii event in casablanca . world no 99 , who switched allegiance from slovenia to britain last month , knocked out fellow qualifier arthur de greef . bedene will now face third seed jiri vesely , who was given a far tougher test as he progressed to the last-eight .
arsenal are trying to find a cure for alex oxlade-chamberlain 's persistent groin problem . the england international has been struggling with an ongoing groin problem for several months . the 21-year-old should play again this season but the fear is that the problem could recur .
jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters . justin rose and ernie els tied charley hoffman , an american representative of the rank and file .
qpr drew 3-3 with aston villa at loftus park on monday night . rob green was forced to suffer even more humiliation at the hands of a ball boy . the cheeky lad decided to embarrass the former england stopper by rolling the ball through his legs . the 35-year-old then slipped over while retrieving the ball .
karen sharpe , the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager , defended her son in an interview . she also revealed that his wife , who is eight months pregnant , is devastated . this as she also expressed her sympathy for walter scott 's family , the man her son shot dead .
jenson button crashed into the back of pastor maldonado 's lotus . the pair were dicing for 13th place when button hit the back . button limped to finish 13th in the race , which dropped the british driver to 14th . button was given a five-second penalty after the race .
nico rosberg will start behind lewis hamilton with sebastian vettel third . the german has been out-qualified by hamilton at each of the three races this season . the briton was visibly angry after the mercedes pit-wall brains put him under unnecessary ` pressure ' .
philippe saint-andre has failed to impose himself , winning only 15 of his 37 games in charge . he has overseen poor results in the six nations , finishing no higher than fourth and even last in 2013 . he will remain in charge for the world cup in england from september 18 to october 31 .
the tigers tackle saracens at allianz park on saturday separated by just two points and two places with only four games left . northampton are clear at the top , it is a different story for the three remaining play-off positions . tigers rugby director richard cockerill believes the premiership title race will go to the wire .
sean maitland is leaving glasgow warriors to play in the aviva premiership with london irish next season . the 26-year-old will miss the rest of the season , national boss vern cotter will naturally be concerned he is fit in time for the world cup .
jason gillespie has been an influential figure at headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in november 2011 . he led them to the lv = county championship title last year . while his coaching position with the white rose is unaffected , he has signed a two-year deal with the south australian franchise .
england bowler jimmy anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first test in antigua . but pace attack colleague chris jordan believes the anderson family celebration party is ` just around the corner ' . anderson claimed only one early victim in west indies opener devon smith .
curtly ambrose took five for 58 in the morning session . alastair cook and co will be happy to see the big man beyond the boundary rope rather than thundering down the wicket towards them himself . england 's ninth man in chris jordan played out an interesting duel with former barbados team-mate justin holder .
ben stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd test wicket in antigua . durham all-rounder 's front foot crossed the line and the batsman earned a reprieve . stokes was denied the wicket of jermaine blackwood after overstepping the crease .
jonathan trott was out for a duck on his return to the test match side in antigua . alastair cook was clean bowled by kemar roach for 11 as england struggled on the first morning . former fast bowler bob willis said : ` england 's top three looked constipated and need a good dose of syrup of figs ' .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at turf moor in the premier league on saturday . arsene wenger has been praised by burnley boss sean dyche . the gunners are currently two points from safety but face three fellow strugglers hull city , leicester city and aston villa .
roberto martinez said seamus coleman should have been awarded a free-kick . the everton defender conceded the penalty that allowed swansea to pinch a 1-1 draw at the liberty stadium . martinez claimed referee michael oliver should have risen above the appeals from the swans faithful .
craig dawson is set to return for west brom after serving a one-match ban . the defender missed last saturday 's 4-1 defeat to qpr but youssouf mulumbu was sent off in the game and starts a three-game ban . ben foster is a long-term absentee with a knee injury .
harry panayiotou has scooped the barclays premier league player of the month award for march . the 20-year-old has been chosen ahead of all the players in division 1 and 2 based on his performance statistics . sportsmail held an exclusive q&a with the forward after he found out about the accolade .
newcastle united had more than # 34million sitting in the bank at the end of the last financial year . the club announced record profits last month of # 18.7 million for the 2013/14 season . the full accounts registered with companies house on monday show that # 38.6 million was transferred into newcastle 's bank account as a cash-flow sum . the revelation has infuriated newcastle fans who claim owner mike ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight .
chelsea beat queens park rangers 1-0 at loftus road on sunday . branislav ivanovic hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan . qpr manager chris ramsey condemned the behaviour . chelsea extended their lead over arsenal to seven points .
chelsea moved another step closer to securing the premier league title . cesc fabregas scored an 87 minute winner at loftus road . jose mourinho 's side struggled to get into their rhythm and had thibaut courtois to thank , following a series of impressive saves to deny charlie austin and matt phillips .
the baggies are commemorating the launch of the jeff astle foundation . astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59 . the disease is caused by damage to the brain that coroners ruled the west brom icon sustained through heading heavy leather footballs during his career in the 1960s and 1970s .
diafra sakho limps off against stoke after 58 minutes of saturday 's 1-1 draw at home to stoke with a thigh strain . the senegal international has scored 12 goals this season . enner valencia is also doubtful to face manchester city at the weekend .
rangers dropped two points against livingston in west lothian on saturday . rangers have only won once in their last five away matches . stuart mccall wants his side to put their away-day blues behind them . the ibrox boss watched his side drop two points at home .
shane ferguson has not played since his country 's 2-0 european qualifier win over greece in athens in october and the 23-year-old 's knee injury had been expected to keep him out for the season . the northern ireland international joined up with his ibrox team-mates this week .
shane ferguson was sent north by the magpies as part of a five-man package . but gers missed the fact he was carrying a long-term knee injury . the 23-year-old only checked in to the club 's murray park training base on monday .
the ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims mike ashley 's firm had taken ownership of intellectual property , including the club 's famous crests . however , they are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from sports direct accepted by the former regime in january .
real madrid return to la liga action on saturday as they welcome malaga to the bernabeu . cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and james rodriguez all played 90 minutes in the 0-0 draw at vicente calderon on tuesday . the fringe players took part in a session at the valdebebas complex .
thibaut courtois has established himself as one of the world 's best goalkeepers in recent years . chelsea sit seven points clear of arsenal at the top of the premier league table . the 22-year-old says he was part of a team who lost the champions league in the last minute .
petr cech has made just five premier league appearances this season . thibaut courtois remains manager jose mourinho 's first-choice goalkeeper . cudicini feels the 32-year-old czech republic international would be a good fit under arsene wenger instead of wojciech szczesny at arsenal .
laurent blanc admits barcelona were superior to his side ` in virtually every department ' as he saw his team slump to a 3-1 defeat in the first leg of the quarter-final at the parc des princes . an early strike from neymar and second-half brace from luis suarez sealed victory for barcelona .
liverpool players have paid their respects to the 96 people who lost their lives . philippe coutinho shared a picture on instagram on the 26th anniversary of the disaster . jamie carragher remembers the 96 who died . liverpool and england striker daniel sturridge paid tribute on his instagram account .
wales climb 15 positions in the fifa world rankings after beating israel 3-0 . chris coleman 's side have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by terry yorath 's men back in 1993 . england have climbed three places to 14 after beating lithuania in euro 2016 qualifying and drawing a friendly in italy last month .
sunderland beat newcastle 1-0 in tyne-wear derby on sunday . jermain defoe scored a stunning volley to earn his side victory . former tottenham striker set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat before taking the second part of the challenge .
lakenya hall , 35 , of kenner , lousiana , drove the children to a fight just after 5pm wednesday after a previous fight at a bus stop . it was at that second location that a 14-year-old was shot in the upper thigh . hall was booked on six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace .
luke shaw admits he does n't know what he would do if he scored against chelsea on saturday . the 19-year-old 's campaign has been beset by injuries since joining from southampton last summer . shaw has only made 17 appearances in all competitions for the red devils .
charlie adam scored the best goal of his career at stamford bridge . he lobbed thibaut courtois from 66 yards on the stroke of half-time . that levelled the scores up at 1-1 but adam 's wonder strike would end up counting for nothing as chelsea snatched a second-half winner to leave stoke nursing a third successive league loss .
charlie adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half against chelsea at stamford bridge . thibaut courtois went on to win 2-1 . david beckham celebrated the final goal in 3-0 win for united on the opening day of the 1996-97 season .
charlie adam picked the ball up inside his own half during a reserve match against accrington stanley . the stoke midfielder was in the opposition half this time though was out wide before hitting an effort that draws similarities with david beckham 's famous goal against wimbledon in 1996 .
charlie adam was 66 yards from goal but had the audacity to score what will surely be crowned the barclays premier league 's strike of the season . david beckham did it against wimbledon in august 1996 . there was xabi alonso in 2006 and maynor figueroa three years later , too .
west ham united host stoke city at upton park on saturday . enner valencia has shoulder surgery and hopes to be in contention again . andy carroll remains sidelined , along with canada defender doneil henry . marc wilson complained of a problem after last week 's clash with chelsea .
jose mourinho will persist with struggling midfield trio cesc fabregas , nemanja matic and oscar as he refuses to shuffle his squad so late in the season . eden hazard was chelsea 's best player , scoring a penalty before charlie adam stunned the hosts with an equaliser from his own half . loic remy sealed the points , after hazard laid the chance on a plate for him .
robin van persie has missed manchester united 's last six games . the holland international has scored 10 goals in 24 appearances and 1,993 minutes of top flight football so far . the 31-year-old arrived for united training on friday ahead of sunday 's home clash at old trafford .
dani alves is out of contract at the end of the campaign . barcelona had never planned to keep alves beyond this season . he 's served them brilliantly but he will be 32 next month and on # 85,000-a-week he is one of their top earning defenders along with gerard pique .
liverpool host newcastle united in the premier league on monday . mamadou sakho will miss monday 's visit of newcastle with a hamstring injury . martin skrtel and steven gerrard must serve the final match of their three-game bans . mario balotelli has recovered from illness .
luis suarez has revealed that he once sneaked into the nou camp for a photo . the uruguayan has signed for liverpool from liverpool for # 75million . suarez said he was already going with sofia and told her : ` let 's go ' . the striker said : ` you 're crazy ' .
mario balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against blackburn on wednesday night . liverpool 's manager had already gone cold on the italian , concluding some time ago that he has no future at anfield . rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about the striker .
liverpool beat blackburn 1-0 in the fa cup quarter-final on april 19 . lucas leiva is hoping to get his chance in the last-four encounter . the reds made three trips to the national stadium in 2012 . the brazil international missed all of them with a serious knee injury .
mario balotelli was not included in the liverpool squad to face arsenal or blackburn rovers this week . brendan rodgers revealed the # 16million striker travelled with the squad to blackburn . liverpool scraped through to a wembley date with aston villa in the fa cup semi-final thanks to philippe coutinho 's strike .
derry mathews was due to face mathews on april 18 in liverpool . the cuban may still fight for the title in his home city if the wba strip abril of his belt . mathews made light work of mezei jnr with a fifth round knockout at the echo arena .
newcastle lost 1-0 to sunderland at the stadium of light on sunday . magpies were beaten for the fifth successive time in tyne-wear derbies . head coach john carver admits the club need to look at the ` dna ' of their dressing-room this summer .
amir khan believes kell brook has called him out so that he can have the ` one big payday ' which has so far eluded him during his 10-and-a-half year career . the bolton-born boxer has instead agreed a bout on may 30 , with his opponent yet to be confirmed . khan has reiterated his intention to take on brook within the next 12 months .
barcelona beat almeria 4-0 at the nou camp on wednesday night . lionel messi opened the scoring for barcelona in the first half . luis suarez doubled barcelona 's lead with a header on 75minutes . marc bartra headed in either side of the two sides .
sevilla are fifth in la liga ahead of the visit of leaders barcelona . sevilla coach unai emery has guided the club to fifth in the table . emery is often seen gesturing on the touchline . midfielder vicente iborra said of emery on the club 's radio station .
rory mcilory was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday . the one direction singer caddied for the northern irish golfer in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta national . woods was joined on the course by girlfriend lindsey vonn .
rory mcilroy 's official coronation will come at augusta national on sunday if he wins the masters to complete the career grand slam and consign the tiger woods era to the history books . the heavy downpours drenched the country on tuesday would have been greeted by groans from soaked patrons and photographers hoping for snaps of glamourous wags .
fergal o'brien says alvarado is in better shape going into aintree . the 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season , finishing fifth at doncaster in february . limerick-born , 42 , believes that is preferable a preferable situation to 12 months ago .
supermodel models cindy crawford , yasmin le bon and christie brinkley are making their own names in the fashion world . now though , it 's time for their daughters to take the reigns . many of the moment have come from supermodel stock - the likes of georgia jagger and amber le bon .
liverpool and newcastle players took part in a minute silence in memory of 96 fans who died almost 26 years ago . the fixture at anfield took place two days before the 26th anniversary of the disaster . a period of silence from both teams and the 45,000 fans gathered . flowers were also laid at the club 's hillsborough memorial .
porto face bayern munich in their champions league quarter-final first leg . julen lopetegui has warned his side has plenty of room to improve . the former barcelona goalkeeper labels ' a winner ' at dragao . bayern beat shakhtar donetsk 7-0 after a 0-0 first leg on aggregate .
marc-andre ter stegen is keen to impress barcelona boss luis enrique . the 22-year-old arrived at the nou camp from german outfit borussia monchengladbach in may but has struggled to get ahead of fellow summer-singing claudio bravo .
chelsea quartet eden hazard , thibaut courtois , kurt zouma and izzy brown marked the start of the thai new year in a novel way by showcasing their skills . accompanied with club mascot stamford the lion , the foursome poured water over each other while enjoying a game of kick-ups .
tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world . woods was all smiles as he played a practice around ahead of his 20th appearance at the masters . the 39-year-old was asked where a win this week , from one ranking place lower than tomohiro kondo of japan .
rory mcilroy will spend the eve of the masters on wednesday with a member of the celebrated boy band of that name . the northern irishman will carry the bag in the par-three tournament but keen golfer niall horan will swap the bag . one direction released their debut album in 2011 .
gareth bale could miss out on real madrid 's game with rayo vallecano . carlo ancelotti 's side travel to the estadio de vallecas on wednesday . but bale scored real 's first goal in their 9-1 demolition of granada .
three players were diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease this week . players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions . brazil 's health ministry said there have been more than 460,000 cases of the disease in 2015 . the peruvian has been hospitalized since saturday and there is no word on when he will be released .
psg beat ligue 1 bitter rivals olympique de marseille 3-2 in the french cup semi-finals . psg will be without the suspended ibrahimovic and marco verratti . the injured david luiz and ludovic giuly say they are peaking .
gianluigi buffon says he is not thinking about retiring because he is still playing well . juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league on tuesday . the 37-year-old has helped juventus win three successive serie a titles . buffon joined juventus from parma in 2001 and stayed with them .
hibs , hearts and rangers will face champions hearts at tynecastle on may 3 . hibs and promotion rivals falkirk and queen of the south play . easter road chief executive leanne dempster and hearts chairwoman ann budge have lodged formal complaints with the league .
andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 . the scot confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list when he marries fiance kim sears in his hometown on saturday . there are believed to be well over 100 people attending .
ben flower has been urged to be ' a bit more aggressive ' when the prop sensationally sent off in last year 's super league derby with warrington . the welsh international forward completed his six-month ban for twice punching lance hohaia in the opening moments of october 's grand-final at old trafford . flower stunned 76,000 crowd with his attack on the st helens half-back .
ben flower admitted that he regrets his attack on lance hohaia in the super league grand final every day . the 27-year-old is coming to the end of a six-month ban and is preparing to return to rugby league , but he is mentally scarred by the events at old trafford in october .
the 37-year-old new zealander has not played since the super league leaders ' only defeat at warrington a month ago . coach brian mcdermott said his injury has now been properly diagnosed . kylie leuluai faces another six weeks out of action for the leeds rhinos .
manchester united will offer robin van persie # 5million to quit the club . the 31-year-old has 14 months left on his # 250,000-a-week contract at old trafford . italian giants juventus and inter milan have both been linked with a summer move .
liverpool moved within four points of the barclays premier league top four . raheem sterling and joe allen saw off struggling magpies at anfield . brendan rodgers vowed not to give up on champions league qualification after a convincing 2-0 win over newcastle .
cristiano ronaldo showed off his skills ahead of real madrid 's champions league quarter-final against city rivals atletico . the world player of the year pulled off a selection of back-heels and fancy flicks during monday 's training session . portuguese defender pepe claimed the success in the league will give real a boost ahead of tuesday 's first leg .
the hard-boiled egg is placed in a glass before it is filled quarter of the way with tap water . he then places his hand over the top of the glass , completely covering it . after approximately ten seconds of shaking , the youtuber lifts his hand to show the egg , which now has a cracked shell .
the new ` i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! franchise has taken a leap from the australian jungle to a theme park just off the a320 in chertsey , surrey . new technology and bush tucker trials invite both young and old ` non-celebrities ' to climb through ` pipe of peril ' , crawly corridors and dark caves .
the former england rugby star and husband of zara phillips bought the horse for # 12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner . after a whopping # 105,500 payday he tweeted ` holy s *** , i 'm lost for words and emotions . all i can say is yes the dude !!!!! ' .
cristiano ronaldo has scored 300 goals for real madrid in just six years . the portuguese forward has scored just seven goals shy of alfredo di stefano . the 30-year-old has scored 206 with his right foot , 52 with his left , even managing 41 with his head .
southampton have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches . graziano pelle has struggled to reproduce his form from the start of the season . ronald koeman wants his southampton team to rediscover their scoring form to make europe . click here for all the latest southampton news .
eden hazard is one of the world 's best players after flourishing at chelsea . hazard has proven himself as a goalscorer and a creator of chances . the pfa young player of the year had been fouled nine times . he has scored some special goals , 17 so far with nine assists .
john carver would walk away from newcastle if hierarchy had not given him reassurances . supporters are threatening to boycott the next home game against spurs . newcastle have lost the last five tyne-wear derbies and in the wake of sunday 's s 1-0 defeat at sunderland .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on saturday . alan pardew believes sunderland fans should concentrate on his in-form side . the newcastle boss says the eagles must stick to the characteristics which have seen them soar to 11th place in the table .
the legendary commentator died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne and family . he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november . news of his death threw the cricket world and beyond into mourning as tributes flowed in to a man remembered for his wry sense of humour , expertise and for simply being a ` true gentleman ' .
stoke city manager mark hughes plans to make the britannia stadium pitch bigger to suit his side 's passing style of play . the potters ' current playing surface is the joint smallest along with qpr 's loftus road and tottenham 's white hart lane . the premier league wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m . ten clubs currently meet the regulation size .
mark selby is gearing up for the defence of his world title later this month . ding , home favourite and reigning champion in beijing , had two breaks of 86 in a convincing 5-1 victory against mark davis . four-time world champion higgins had a single break over 50 as he beat scottish countryman graeme dott 5-2 .
the 24-year-old kosovan-born singer has launched a new adidas range . she has launched her own bold spin on the brand 's classics . femail caught up with the global star to find out her influences . she said : ` the dragon print is all about my love of travel and soaking up different cultures ' .
lauren hill , who was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday , had defied doctors ' expectations after they told her she would not live past december . instead , she played four games with her team at mount st. joseph university in cincinnati and raised more than $ 1.5 million for research into the cancer , diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma . but as her condition worsened , she became an honorary coach and earlier this year , she moved to
sergio ramos has been a star at the back for real madrid for 10 years . john terry has captained chelsea whenever jose mourinho has been in charge at the club . the brazilian beast was one of the fiercest defenders of the past decade .
a video from the philadelphia office of transportation shows characters in ` safety suits ' including bubbleman , a ` fashionista ' wrapped in the poppable material and a young man in flashing lights . the campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one 's phone , including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year . while other safety programs are directed at keeping motorists from hitting and killing pedestrians , the city of brotherly love 's is focused
vincent kompany has emerged as an injury doubt for manchester city 's clash against manchester united on sunday . the belgium centre-half will be assessed on saturday , 24 hours ahead of the clash at old trafford . the chilean also reinstated that he has no fears over his job amid mounting pressure .
chelsea beat roma 4-0 in the uefa youth league final on friday . dominic solanke opened the scoring with a tap in on 83 minutes . ruben loftus-cheek and charly musonda came into the line-up . ola aina and jay dasilva were paired with jake clarke-salter .
jonathan trott is set to make his 50th test appearance for england against west indies on monday . trott was forced to head home to an uncertain future after his ordeal at the hands of mitchell johnson in the first ashes test but has battled back to be on the brink of making his test appearance .
wayne rooney , ander herrera and all the other big-hitters were in action as louis van gaal oversaw their preparations for the huge derby on sunday . also back in action was striker robin van persie , who has returned to training after getting injured at swansea in february . manchester city have won on their last three visits to old trafford .
harry redknapp has described the club as ` like a bit of a soap opera ' . the 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave the barclays premier league strugglers in february . former west ham boss believes he would have helped qpr avoid relegation .
james mcclean 's reaction said it all . as scott carson 's long , hopeful punt downfield floated harmlessly out of play . wigan were 2-1 down at that point , two moments of genius from ross mccormack and matt smith the difference .
arsenal head to turf moor in search of what would be an eighth straight league victory , following on from last weekend 's 4-1 triumph over liverpool . despite their superb run , the title remains chelsea 's to lose , as the leaders currently hold a seven-point advantage and also a match in hand .
chris smalling posted a photo of himself and girlfriend sam cooke on twitter . the 25-year-old is establishing himself as one of the best defenders in the country . united are struggling and monday 's defeat to crystal palace was damning for morale . the winger has found game time under louis van gaal hard to come by .
gareth bale will be rested for saturday 's game at home to eibar . welshman joins toni kroos and james rodriguez on the sidelines . cristiano ronaldo is the la liga 's top scorer this season with 37 goals .
chris ramsey has revealed he will have no problem shaking john terry 's hand in light of the racist comments the former england captain directed at anton ferdinand four years ago . ramsey was banned for four games and fined # 220,000 for the remarks made in october 2011 during chelsea 's 1-0 defeat at loftus road .
arsenal players have returned from injury at the right time . olivier giroud selected coldplay 's ` every teardrop is a waterfall ' . david ospina will find time for colombian rap with j balvin 's track ` tranquila ' pre-game .
john terry revealed his pfa team of the year on instagram . the chelsea captain has not been on the losing side to liverpool in three games this season . terry has scored four league goals for spurs , scoring 19 league goals . ryan bertrand , laurent koscielny , nathanial clyne and sadio mane .
chelsea are on course to become the most dominant title-winners in a single season . jose mourinho 's side have led the way since beating everton 6-3 at goodison park on august 30 . the blues have been top for 230 days as of friday april 10 .
diego costa limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury . chelsea boss jose mourinho says costa will be fit enough to face the final four games of the season starting with the clash against crystal palace on may 3 . costa was already certain to miss the games against queens park rangers and manchester united .
gary neville believes manchester city need to be bold and take on uefa 's ffp regulations . the former manchester united defender believes his former club , chelsea and arsenal would be a preferable option now for a big star looking to switch to the premier league . neville wrote in his telegraph column that should a player such as paul pogba or mats hummels decide on a move to england .
ilkay gundogan expects to complete a # 15million move to old trafford . germany centre mats hummels has indicated he 's ready to become a united player . manchester united are believed to have responded to the signal from the midfielder and are confident of agreeing a fee with dortmund .
eden hazard has been in superb form for chelsea this season . the belgian will face stiff competition from harry kane . mourinho believes hazard should win the player of the year awards . hazard is likely to feature at queens park rangers on saturday but diego costa will miss four weeks after aggravating a hamstring injury against burnley last weekend .
the australian government offered a state funeral for the man who never lost a test series as his country 's captain , then became a commentator . david cameron said he had ` grown up listening to richie benaud 's wonderful cricket commentary ' . he retired as a player in 1964 .
niki lauda 's red cap stood out like a beacon on the dull , grey tarmac of the biggest , most soulless paddock in all formula one . the three-time world champion is colourful , candid and carefree . when your face is the charred remains of having nearly burned to death at the wheel of a ferrari , why not throw caution to the wind or , in shanghai 's case , the smog ? lauda aimed his first verbal grenade at
the 2013 us open champion ended the day on seven under . rose bogeyed three of the first four holes , finding himself playing from the trees as he recovered from wayward tee shots . rose is joint third , seven shots behind runaway leader jordan spieth . the 34-year-old believes the change of fortune can continue into the weekend .
padraig harrington hits a tee shot on the fourth hole during the second day of the masters on friday . the american amateur continues to impress at augusta . the par fives are the scoring holes and lived up to their billing since all of them had a scoring average under the regulation mark .
the masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices for its punters . shot of the day . lee westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot at the par-five second . after a perfect tee shot , he pinged a fairway wood 280 yards onto the green .
arsenal have confirmed they will travel to australia and malaysia at the end of the premier league season . chelsea are also set to travel abroad when the current campaign finishes . overseas tours are an important component of clubs pr strategies as they look to maximise their earning potential away from england .
kevin pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against oxford mccu . former england captains alec stewart and nasser hussain have since said on the 34-year-old 's chances of a return to the test arena . the pair met at the parks on sunday at the start of surrey 's three-day fixture .
alec stewart is yet to speak to anyone at the england and wales cricket board about the position . the surrey director of cricket insists his focus is on his role at the oval . the former england captains andrew strauss and michael vaughan have also been linked to the job .
chelsea 's eden hazard and santi cazorla are both set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend . the pair have been hugely influential since they moved to london in the summer of 2012 . sportsmail 's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action .
delone ' martistee , 22 , and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , have been arrested in connection with the alleged rape . the footage was uncovered on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in troy , alabama . hundreds of people are seen watching without attempting to intervene .
michael jacobs ' ninth-minute opener looked to have given the bottom-of-the-table seasiders their first success on the road since they beat wanderers ' neighbours wigan on april 26 . but bolton mustered an equaliser in the fifth minute of stoppage time when emile heskey , neil danns and gudjohnsen combined to leave the visitors crestfallen .
brandon wyne , 17 , was in the backseat of the car driven by his friend courtney griffith , 18 , on january 10 when they were pulled over for a broken tail light . when the officers approached their car they claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the vehicle . wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrives because he is a minor .
the women 's race was staged on the tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men . hot favourites oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against cambridge . ansastaia chitty lifted the trophy aloft after oxford won the boat race .
nico rosberg will start sunday 's race behind team-mate lewis hamilton . the german missed out on pole by just 0.042 secs in shanghai . he told he had been out-qualified by his championship rival for the third straight race .
arsenal beat burnley 4-1 in the premier league on saturday . olivier giroud scored in the first half of arsenal 's 2-0 win over everton . arsenal have won seven straight games since defeat against tottenham . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
arsenal beat a spirited burnley at turf moor on saturday . aaron ramsey 's early goal put them ahead and burnley ahead . sportsmail rated each player ... burnley . tom heaton saved well from ozil in the build-up to arsenal 's goal .
charlie adam celebrated his stunning goal against chelsea at stamford bridge . the 34-year-old front man gave an in-depth analysis on where it all went ` horribly wrong ' for potters team-mate charlie adam . crouch was a more than qualified judge for the verdict .
the unnamed woman , believed to be between 25 and 45 years old , was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in the gravesend section of brooklyn . paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening .
sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than # 1,300 . one of the uk 's busiest online golf retailers has also thrown in a dozen callaway chrome soft golf balls as part of this superb golf package .
steve mcclaren let 10-man watford beat watford 2-2 on friday . the result leaves derby without a win in seven games and six points off the top two . derby had been in control until matej vydra fired them ahead in the 23rd minute .
blackburn beat leeds united 3-0 at elland road on wednesday . rudi austin was sent off for elbowing ben marshall off the ball . tom cairney , jordan rhodes and jay spearing settled the match . blackburn extended their unbeaten away run to six matches .
patrick bamford scored his 17th goal of the season against chelsea . the on-loan striker struck his 15th of the campaign to match the tally of colombian hamilton ricard during the 1998-99 premier league season . no one has scored more in the 16 intervening years .
 wolves were fired on by a goal just 30 seconds into the second half from benik afobe , followed by a bakary sako penalty in the 72nd minute . wolves boss kenny jackett believes it is now just the top eight in the sky bet championship who are fighting it out for play-off places .
robin thomas , of jonesboro , arkansas , posted a sign on his truck that reads , ` looking for a date ? would you date a single father ? ' . the advertisement then shows his phone number and below reads , ' * ages 21 and up * ' . thomas has three kids , aged six to 11 , who he said that his kids think the sign is ` cute ' .
charles manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years . the iowa board of chiropractic released a report detailing charges against manuel , of lamoni . manuel also recommended that patients stop taking medication he prescribed to them .
charles and camilla , who are known as the duke and duchess of rothesay in scotland , were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the ballindalloch distillery in aberdeenshire . but they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature .
flamur ukshini , 23 , from kosovan capital of pristina , is in final year studying business informatics and also works as a part time model . but thanks to his similarity to the one direction singer , he boasts almost 40,000 followers on his instagram page .
sherlock star challenged to table tennis match by chinese ping pong legend deng . but despite using wooden spoon to give actor a fighting chance , deng still won the match . cumberbatch is a huge celebrity in china because of popularity of the sherlock tv series and his skit .
an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu and plunging into a pond . announcers could n't help but chuckle at the course-crasher 's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind . the drinks can was seen popping out of his pocket and floating away .
clint chadbourne , 71 , was headed back to portland from massachusetts with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop . when clint tried to get out the car , he could n't do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt . clint struggled against the confining strap and his wife bonnie watched , daughter kelly began filming .
manchester united mascot fred the red is among club megastore staff sweating over their futures with the club 's world-record # 750m kit deal . some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed , blaming the us sportswear giants for the issue .
jurgen klopp announced on wednesday that he would be leaving borussia dortmund at the end of the season after seven years in which the club won two bundesliga titles and reached the champions league final . arsene wenger was irritated that some might consider klopp a contender for his job when his side is making clear progress .
unnamed worker spotted on roof 30-feet above ground in greenwich , south east london . he was standing on roof with a power washer and seemed unfazed by it all . building expert said the workman should have at least had scaffolding up at the front of the property and a longer ladder with a harness .
inter milan face ac milan in the champions league quarter-final on sunday . the match was the first time the milan derby used to be italian football 's biggest attraction . it was the case in april 2005 when a hail of flares rained down from the stands on to the san siro pitch - flooding the stadium with smoke .
new york city fc 's mehdi ballouchy opened the scoring before his side were pegged back . the pressure has n't reached manuel pellegrini proportions . david villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time . the big apple sports fans have been quick to adopt city 's plans .
villarreal drew 1-1 with getafe at the cemtro clinic in madrid . mateo musacchio runs for the ball near the touchline with 13 minutes left to play . villarreal have failed to win in seven games in all competitions and are sixth on 51 points .
nac breda manager robert maaskant let his fists do the talking as his side did just that against fc dordrecht . after being two goals to the good at the interval , nac seemed to be heading towards three vital points against the team rooted to the bottom of the eredivisie .
the 1986 world cup winner scored the winner during an exhibition match in bogota to support the peace process in colombia . but maradona saw red with a steward trying to halt him whilst applauding fans . the hot headed argentine was n't finished there as the media swarm surrounding him .
callum wilson opened the scoring for bournemouth in the fourth minute . hector , obita , chalobah , mccleary , mackie , robson-kanu , aiyegbeni 81 -lrb- 81 -rrb- , ake , andersen , stacey . the cherries are n't choking , but as of yet , as of not yet .
arsenal will take on manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday . the gunners boss also branded rumours that he will be replaced by borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp as ` ridiculous ' . wenger admits a united win at chelsea could open up the title race again .
barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league semi-finals . luis suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games , six from six . the spanish striker has scored 13"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
zlatan ibrahimovic will miss his side 's matches against nice , lille , metz and nantes . the swede lost his temper and vented his anger on television at decisions which went against his side . he will also miss the first leg of his club 's champions league quarter-finals against barcelona .
simon mignolet insists liverpool 's players are not feeling the pressure of trying to give steven gerrard a dream send-off . victory over blackburn rovers enabled brendan rodgers ' squad to set up a date with aston villa in the fa cup semi-final next sunday .
wayne rooney has served under a number of big names for club and country during his career . the manchester united skipper has revealed he is captaining the team ` his own way ' and has to be his own person . rooney was catained by roy keane during his early years at old trafford .
binky , 24 , has opened up her closet to give wannabe sloane rangers a helping hand in achieving the polished , put-together look she is famed for . she has teamed up with phone case company otterbox as they launch their new mysymmetry customisable series .
boca juniors beat palestino 2-0 in copa libertadores last-16 . leandro marin headed argentinian giants into the lead in the final minute . jonatan calleri sealed all three points in the 11th minute of time added on . victory over chilean opponents ensured boca finish as the highest seeds of the competition .
molly hennessey-fiske , a reporter for the los angeles times who has been covering proceedings against durst , 71 , after his mid-march arrest in louisiana , received a letter purporting to have been written by the suspect in state prison . the letter , post-marked april 1st in baton rouge , specifically states that durst ` said nothing about charges , crimes or trials ' .
the driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl who is standing middle of the road before hitting into her with a horrifying thud . astonishingly , the 15-year-old girl suffered minor injuries and has already been released from shellharbour hospital . police have already spoken with the driver and are continuing their investigations .
the annual survey from deutsche bank has shown australians pay higher prices for a range of consumer goods and services than are paid in any other place . a luxurious hotel room in sydney will set you back around $ 1126 per night , $ 640 more than in new york . the united states remains the world 's cheapest developed country .
the two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia on april 3 . the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame and the men were charged .
denis suarez scored a late winner for sevilla as they came from behind to take control of the europa league quarter-final tie against zenit st petersburg . aleksandr ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half , scoring off his own rebound . carlos bacca drew the home side level with a close-range header from a set-piece .
amber alert issued after toddler ronnie tran and his mother were kidnapped by two women from their home in des moines , washington . police say the 40-year-old mother was stunned with a taser and bound with plastic ties before being driven with her son to a house in fife .
the miami-dade police department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft . this as it is revealed airline customers have reported $ 2.5 million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 . incidents of theft at that airport are far less however that new york 's john f. kennedy , which has more claims of lost property that anywhere else in the country .
shannen hussein lives on a 30-acre farm in rockbank , 34 kilometres north-west of melbourne . she has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes . but her pets are often captured behaving like humans , from her lamb winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon . thanks to this ms hussein 's collection of creatures have become somewhat of an internet sensation .
carmem dierks , 60 , was running the dodgy practice in west orange county , florida . she is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab . during a raid on her practice , authorities discovered hundreds of patient files , two dentist chairs , an x-ray machine and dental molds .
the duchess of cambridge 's younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in the sunshine . the royal sister topped off the chicness of her ensemble with a peek at a pink sports bra underneath her blue top . the playful kicks would also look great paired with skinny black jeans and a cozy oversized sweater for an off duty , street savvy look .
siem de jong is targeting newcastle 's home clash with swansea . the holland international played 45 minutes for the club 's under-21s team . the 26-year-old is hopeful of returning to the first-team before the end of the season . the dutchman has been plagued by injuries since arriving from ajax .
bianca gascoigne was mugged by a gang in central london on tuesday . the 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone . the attackers are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag , but ran away when she fought back .
parma 's players celebrate beating juventus 1-0 on saturday . the club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season . they were penalised earlier in the season , the italian football federation said . the decision means the club are rooted to the bottom of serie a .
piers morgan says arsenal should sack arsene wenger and replace him with jurgen klopp . the borussia dortmund boss has announced his intention to leave the german club in the summer . klopp will be available from june and outspoken gunners fan morgan .
jurgen klopp confirmed he will leave borussia dortmund this summer . klopp was immediately installed as the bookmakers ' favourite to replace manuel pellegrini at manchester city . the 47-year-old coach has been linked with several other english teams in the past , including liverpool and arsenal .
ashley young celebrated his prominent role in his side 's derby win . the 29-year-old scored united 's first goal , and created two more for marouane fellaini and chris smalling . young said louis van gaal 's side were focused on quieting the manchester city fans .
dani alves has rejected barca 's latest contract offer with the likes of manchester united and paris saint-germain are reportedly interested in signing alves . the 31-year-old 's agent revealed last week that alves is not thinking about leaving the catalan club .
gerard pique is set to play his 300th game for barcelona against paris saint-germain . the 28-year-old joined barcelona in 2008 from manchester united and mundo deportivo have dedicated their front page to the spaniard . pique has made 299 appearances for the club this week .
roberto martinez 's side have found a degree of freedom since their european travels came to an end and in winning three on the trot they started to resemble the side . jonjo shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point for swansea after seamus coleman handled in the penalty box .
tim howard is adamant the europa league is not to blame for everton 's poor season in the premier league . the merseyside outfit played 10 games in europe this season before being knocked out by dynamo kiev . aaron lennon scored for the swansea city but the game ended in a 1-1 draw at the liberty stadium .
the ukrainian pole vault great is battling with fellow iaaf vice-president coe for the top job at athletics ' world governing body . bubka launched his manifesto , entitled ` taking athletics to new heights ' in an internet broadcast and presented his plans for the future of the sport .
paul pogba is one of europe 's most in demand young talents . barcelona are the only two viable destinations for the 22-year-old frenchman . barca currently under the restrictions of a fifa-imposed transfer ban until the january window . sports say barcelona will make a # 50m bid from barcelona .
videoed in front room , dog named foxxy cleopatra and the reptile called ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table . standing perfectly still while looking in the other direction , the bearded dragon initially appears disinterested as the chihuahua jumps around excitedly .
a family in texas would be forgiven for being slightly put out about the fact that their home became infested with them . the video maker said that he initially thought the intruders were bats but now believes them to be sparrows . capturing them on camera as they fly around the room , the man remains very calm .
spencer gerlach , 20 , told police that he and his ex-wife keltsie gerlacht were having a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder . the topic of their argument is not yet known . chief mike nelsen , brigham city police department told fox that when police arrived , keltingie was found dead in the living room with stab wounds .
the match of the day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his ` podgy ' label but he still has some way to go back to his so-called ` glory days ' . he posted the photo on twitter saying : '12 weeks . 12.4 % bodyfat @joshmchale .
southampton have slipped out of the champions league places and into seventh . ronald koeman blames the slump on a lack of goals but rather than looking to his strikers for fault . the southampton striker has struggled to reproduce his form from the start of the season . click here for all the latest southampton news .
jordan spieth has hailed the ` most incredible week ' of his life after winning the masters at augusta in 39 years . the 21-year-old is the second youngest masters winner of all time and the first start-to-finish winner at the masters . spieth was greeted by his family at the 18th green .
justin rose admitted he lost to the better man as jordan spieth won his first masters title in emphatic fashion . the 21-year-old finished 18 under to beat rose and phil mickelson by four shots and become the second youngest masters winner . spieth became only the fourth player after jack nicklaus , ray floyd and tiger woods to reach 17 under .
british no 2 aljaz bedene was unable to sustain his strong run since switching allegiance from slovenia to great britain . the world no 99 had breezed past fellow-qualifier arthur de greef of belgium in a 70-minute , straight-sets victory to set up his quarter-final clash .
andy murray has shown nerves of steel on the tennis court . the former wimbledon champion is marrying his long-term girlfriend kim sears . the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open . they got back together after a brief split in 2010 before announcing their engagement last year .
andy murray will be heading to barcelona next week for a training block . the british no 1 is set to marry long-term girlfriend kim sears in dunblane . mauresmo has never made any secret of the fact that the travel is part of the job that least appeals to her .
england hooker tom youngs was sin-binned for a barge on chris ashton , who had passed the ball to richard wigglesworth and as he tried to return the favour tigers matt smith grabbed it . sarries no 8 billy vunipola makes a trademark bullocking run into the heart of the tigers defence .
marland yarde scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at the stoop . the 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn . the kiwi fly-half finished with 14 points before an eventful final quarter produced a flurry of yellow cards and three tries .
england finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day . captain cook also fell cheaply as he was out for 13 after edging a taylor delivery into the slips . james tredwell was the typical team man when pressed about the opening pair 's struggles so far .
sir ian botham was tempted to bet on jimmy anderson breaking his record on the third morning in antigua . the burnley express kept everyone waiting , and watching test cricket can be a hard slog for anyone -- let alone a four-year-old . anderson 's wife daniella and daughter ruby luxe .
alastair cook failed for the second time in the first test as his old failed against the full ball just outside off-stump was again exploited by west indies . jonathan trott has endured a nightmare return to the england team for his 50th test , 18 months after the trauma of leaving the ashes tour .
australia 's aaron finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for yorkshire again this summer . finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for mumbai indians . mumbai captain rohit sharma said finch 's injury ` looked bad ' .
golden state warriors ' steph curry has led the golden state warriors to the top of the western conference standings in the regular nba season . the 27-year-old showed why he is widely-regarded as one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history . he made 77 consecutive three-point attempts in a row during practice .
kawhi leonard , matt bonner , patty mills , aron baynes and official mascot the coyote all teamed up to form the band . the video shows the four players performing debut single ` spurs ! ' by taking part in a 1980s-style performance while showing off funky outfits and extravagant hairstyles .
c.j. miles scored 25 points and george hill added 24 to lead a 7-2 spurt . indiana kept their playoff hopes alive with a 99-95 victory over washington . the pacers have won six straight games and will make a fifth straight playoff appearance if they win at memphis .
aston villa are six points clear of queens park rangers in 18th . christian benteke scored his eighth goal in six games . the belgian striker believes his side must continue to stretch their lead over the drop zone . the gap could close this weekend with burnley and leicester .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at the emirates on saturday . aaron ramsey scored a 12th-minute strike for the gunners . the win was arsenal 's eighth win in a row , their best run since the invincibles team in 2004 . olivier giroud wants arsenal to continue their premier league winning streak and challenge for the title .
sunderland in 15th are a bad weekend away from falling into the relegation zone . hull got enough breathing room to survive what looks like the hardest run-in ? burnley have been dealt a reasonable hand but can they capitalise ? qpr improved enough away from home to take any confidence to leicester on the final day ?
jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side 's slim chance of premier league survival . vardy struck past west brom goalkeeper boaz myhill during the closing stages of the clash on saturday . leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months , cemented to the bottom of the table since november .
leicester beat west brom 3-2 in their premier league clash on saturday . andy king 's late goal secured a 2-1 win against west ham united . robert huth and jamie vardy sealed a dramatic victory against westbrom . the foxes have now just three points behind hull city .
nigel pearson scored an injury-time winner to improve his side 's chances . jamie vardy struck past boaz myhill during the closing stages of the premier league encounter at the hawthorns . leicester secured their second consecutive premier league win to bring safety into view for the first time in a long time .
branislav ivanovic struck on the head by a cigarette lighter . chelsea players celebrated the winning goal in sunday 's 1-0 victory . qpr are reviewing cctv footage and have promised to ban those involved . they have also appealed to witnesses to come forward .
chris ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders chelsea for 88 minutes at loftus road in the west london derby . ramsey then saw cesc fabregas ' late winner and the devastation was too much for the qpr boss , who turned away from the pitch to collect his thoughts .
stoke have opened talks with evian flyer daniel wass . the denmark international is available for around # 3.5 million . wass is quick and can play at right back , left back or either wing . stoke scouts have also been monitoring sporting lisbon pair islam slimani and andre carrillo .
marko arnautovic 's 95th minute equaliser saw west ham drop points . sam allardyce 's side had been on track for their first back-to-back home wins in almost four months . aaron cresswell had given the home side an early lead at upton park .
dick advocaat has signed a nine-game deal with sunderland . the 67-year-old has signed a""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
the annual showpiece will take place at dick 's sporting goods park . the home of the colorado rapids , on july 29 in what is the 20th edition of the all star match . the fixture will be the only pre-season fixture that tottenham will play outside of europe .
the fa and pfa promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia after a coroner found astle 's brain ` resembled that of a boxer 's ' . but a mail on sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out . the football association chairman has vowed there will be no repeat of the fa 's failure to deliver potentially life-saving research into links .
midfielder cheikhou kouyate has warned west ham must be ready to face a ` wounded animal ' at manchester city on sunday . the hammers have seen their title defence left in tatters following a run of four defeats in six matches . the result left the long-term future of manager pellegrini in doubt .
carlton cole 's contract expires at the end of the season . the west ham striker says he ca n't approach sam allardyce about a new contract . cole says he 's in no position to ask his boss about an extension . the 31-year-old has found first team opportunities limited .
lionel messi wants celtic back in the champions league next season . the scottish giants failed to qualify for europe 's elite club competition this campaign after losing 2-1 on aggregate to slovenian outfit maribor . messi has sampled this first hand with barcelona in 2008 , 2012 and 2013 would like a repeat scenario with the catalan club so he can collect more mementos and memories .
celtic face kilmarnockat parkhead on wednesday night . the scottish premiership leaders face aberdeen at pittodrie on may 10 . aberdeen will play st johnstone in their final home game against inverness caledonian thistle on may 24 .
the scottish professional football league has performed a u-turn by switching rangers ' final-day clash with hearts back to saturday , may 2 . the league found itself at the centre of a furious row on wednesday after announcing it had moved gers ' tynecastle fixture with the jambos to may 3 - 24 hours after their rivals for second place in the championship . the decision was made after tv broadcaster sky decided to screen the match live but hibs hit out at
the livvy attacker 's absolute cracker of a free-kick had sent home side into the lead just two minutes after the break . marius zaliukas raced up the park to restore parity with a clever back-header two minutes later . jamieson , fordyce , gallacher , cole , talbot , keaghan jacobs , o'brien , pitman , mullen 86 -lrb- boulding 89 -rrb- , hippolyte
barcelona beat psg 3-1 in the champions league semi-finals . the landmark has been achieved in 202 matches since 1992 . barcelona still have a way to go to match the 436 goals scored in the competition . lionel messi is way out in front in the breakdown of barcelona champions league scorers with 75 .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in champions league quarter-final . luis suarez scored his second goal of the night as barcelona go 3-0 ahead . gregory van der wiel pulled one back for the hosts with a deflected effort on 82 minutes . mundo deportivo leads with the headline ` oh la ! ' adding that ` barca are on their way to the semi-finals after putting on an exhibition at the parc des princes
daniel carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards mario mandzukic 's arm in an off-the-ball scrap on . referee milorad mazic was left bleeding following a clash with sergio ramos . atletico travel to galicia to face deportivo this weekend .
angel rangel is in line for his first swansea start for over two months . the full-back has not started since the end of january . jfferson montero could make the bench after suffering a hamstring injury . romelu lukaku is a major doubt for everton 's trip to swans .
everton host southampton at goodison park on saturday . romelu lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem . kevin mirallas and steven pienaar back in contention . steven davis fends off finland 's roman eremenko .
matt taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off against arsenal on saturday . dean marney and kevin long remain on long-term absentee list . jack wilshere , mikel arteta and abou diaby all back in contention .
raheem sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide . fresh pictures have emerged of him holding a shisha pipe , this time alongside young team-mate jordon ibe . the 20-year-old was spotted arriving at melwood on wednesday .
raheem sterling caught on video inhaling legal high nitrous oxide . the england international is expected to meet liverpool manager brendan rodgers on thursday . rodgers questioned sterling 's professionalism on monday after footage emerged of the 20-year-old unconscious in his house in southport .
the four-time olympic champion and 2012 tour de france winner will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark . wiggins finished his team sky career in the paris-roubaix 253.5 km one-day race on sunday .
matt prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire . prior will compete against the likes of team sky and sir bradley wiggins . the former england wicketkeeper is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by kevin pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of new zealand .
bradley wiggins failed to win his final race with team sky in the parsi-roubaix . the 2012 tour de france winner is quitting the team in order to ride for his own squad , ` wiggins ' , before a return to the track ahead of the rio olympics . but it was not to be as germany 's john degenkolb produced the perfect race to cross the line first at the end of a gruelling 151-
the 24-year-old was involved in a mass pile-up in the final kilometre of the race . he was taken to hospital after the crash in belgium on monday . the former netapp-endura racer was in contention to improve on his fifth-place finish in 2014 .
george bailey to join sussex for second half of natwest t20 blast campaign . australia batsman will also be available in royal london cup . bailey captained his country in both limited-overs formats this year . the 32-year-old previously played for hampshire for england .
manchester united and chelsea will take part in the international champions cup friendly tournament this summer . the pre-season tournament , which is now in its third year , is set to be played between july 11 and august 5 . the likes of diego costa , john terry and gary cahill will be representing cheliverpool in north america .
atletico madrid beat levante 3-0 in la liga on monday night . paco alcacer opened the scoring in the 16th minute before lucas orban crossed for sofiane feghouli . valencia are fourth on 65 points with atletico , who drew 2-2 at malaga on saturday .
inter milan are set to turn to lucas leiva and alex song if their pursuit of manchester city pair stevan jovetic and yaya toure fails . roberto mancini has liverpool midfielder leiva on loan at west ham . inter sporting director piero ausilio said : ` dreams are beautiful ' .
alberto bueno is set to face his former club real madrid on wednesday . bueno played for derby on loan five years ago , but with just five goals in 29 games he looked anything like champions league material . he has scored 17 goals for rayo vallecano this season and could soon move to porto .
daniel sturridge faces a fight to be fit for liverpool 's fa cup semi-final against aston villa on sunday . liverpool striker was left out of the squad entirely for monday night 's clash at anfield after picking up a knock against blackburn rovers last week . brendan rodgers has admitted that his star striker , who has missed much of the season through injury , will have his fitness monitored ahead of the wembley clash .
real madrid threw away a two-goal lead away to sevilla on tuesday . cristiano ronaldo inspired carlo ancelotti 's side to 3-0 win over eibar . mundo deportivo led on barcelona slipping-up , describing a ` magic ' first half .
barcelona threw away a two-goal lead against sevilla thanks to individual errors by claudio bravo and gerard pique . the result leaves them just two points ahead of real madrid at the top of la liga . barcelona have been outstanding in the second half of the season .
dirk kuyt signed a one-year contract with feyenoord . the former holland forward is currently third in the top-flight eredivisie . the 34-year-old grew into a favorite among fans during his first stint with the club from 2003-2006 .
utrecht drew 1-1 with ajax at the stadion galgenwaard on sunday . edouard duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half . the referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion utrecht had an extra man on the pitch and marched over to duplan .
chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with belgian club royal mouscron-peruwelz . the french side have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play-offs last summer . chelsea already have an agreement with vitesse arnhem in holland .
arsenal have won at sunderland , newcastle , manchester city and burnley . aaron ramsey fires arsenal into a 1-0 lead in front of a disappointing burnley crowd . arsene wenger 's side beat manchester united 3-2 at stoke .
jordan spieth leads charley hoffman by five strokes at a 14-under 130 . the formeruberance of youth was kicking in . spieth missed . for the first time around augusta , he made a mild mis-step . he jumped a little , almost coltish in his frustration .
dustin johnson is the first man ever to have three eagles in one round . the 21-year-old beat the old mark of 13 under set by ray floyd way back in 1976 . johnson will start third round seven behind fellow american charley hoffman two strokes nearer the lead .
derry mathews will take on ismael barroso for the interim wba world title . richar abril has been elevated to ` champion in recess ' with darleys perez . abril was initially forced to withdraw from his title defence against mathews in march after coming down with dengue fever from a mosquito bite .
josh warrington will be accompanied into the ring by vinnie jones on saturday . the featherweight is quickly becoming one of britain 's best-supported fighters . sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added sparkle to ring walks . bieber joins mayweather after the us fighter beat alvarez to retain his belts during the title fight .
manny pacquaio is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with floyd mayweather on may 2 . the philipine star took time out of his preparation to thank american film director spike lee and tito mikey for their support so far . the 36-year-old also posted a photo thanking nba legend karl malone for supporting team pacquiao .
danny garcia , who defeated amir khan in four rounds in 2012 , revealed he will carry an unusual advantage when he steps into the ring to face lamont peterson . garcia said he has an extra toe on his right foot before promptly removing his sock to show off his secret weapon . the puerto rican-born fighter has a 29-0 -lrb- 17 kos -rrb- record and currently holds the ring magazine , wbc and wba -lr
andy murray marries kim sears , his girlfriend of almost 10 years , in dunblane . murray was playing in only his second grand slam tournament , while sears was travelling with her tennis coach father nigel . the couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split and after having to field constant questions over the years on when he would propose .
the american television network showtime has released a short promotional video from within the mayweather camp as the build up to the may 2 bout at the mgm grand in las vegas . the clip takes inside the gym with the undefeated american as he prepares for the biggest fight the sport has ever witnessed .
xabi alonso faces porto in the quarter-finals starting wednesday night . the champions league first leg is the next step in his quest to win the title with three clubs . seedorf won the title a total of four times in his illustrious career - in 1995 with real madrid and twice with ac milan .
karim benzema says real madrid are capable of retaining the champions league . the la liga giants won their 10th european cup last season . the colombia international was speaking to adidas presenter layla anna-lee . james rodriguez has praised carlo ancelotti ahead of champions league clash with atletico .
diego simeone has turned atletico around since joining in december 2011 . the 44-year-old has been atletico madrid 's top scorer since joining atletico in 2011 . he has been linked with a move to the club until 2019 . the argentinian manager has imposed his work ethic on his players .
carlo ancelotti hails diego simeone as one of the world 's best coaches . real madrid travel to the vicente calderon for their champions league quarter-final first-leg match on tuesday . the italian boss oversees los blancos training ground on monday .
monaco coach leonardo jardim has reignited his feud with arsene wenger by claiming champions league quarter-final opponents juventus are by far the better team . arsenal have won their last eight games in the barclays premier league and there appears to be a growing feeling in the game that they could mount a title challenge next season .
carlos tevez is worshipped by juventus fans and has scored six champions league goals this season . the italian side are aiming to beat monaco in their champions league quarter-final first leg . massimiliano allegri is hoping to end 19 years of champions league hurt by taking juventus to glory .
mark clattenburg is the only english appointment for the first leg meetings of europe 's top eight clubs with fellow top ref martin atkinson not selected for this round of fixtures . the all-english officials team will be assistants simon beck and jake collin , additional assistants anthony taylor and andre marriner .
juventus face monaco in the champions league quarter-finals on tuesday . massimiliano allegri believes both sides will adopt a cautious approach . the french side have conceded only four goals in eight games on their way to the quarter-final . click here for all the latest juventus news .
carlos tevez believes it is harder to score goals in serie a than the premier league . the argentine has scored 36 goals in the italian top flight since leaving england for juventus in 2013 . the former manchester united and city striker believes his juventus team are more rounded than that side .
jose mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark . parma were declared bankrupt last month and players have not been paid all season . mauri is mobbed by his parma team-mates after breaking the deadlock . juventus host monaco in the champions league on tuesday .
nicky law scored twice in sunday 's 4-0 rout of raith rovers . law 's representatives have fielded calls from no fewer than ten english clubs . brighton , birmingham and reading are showing the strongest interest in a player who also the target of january interest from bolton boss neil lennon and huddersfield town .
bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the championship with a win against brighton . yann kermorgant hit a wonderful 25-yard free-kick which wrong-footed brighton goalkeeper david stockdale and flew into the left of goal . callum wilson doubled the cherries 2-0 ahead with a sublime finish in the 81st minute .
blackburn manager gary bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players from top-flight clubs . sky bet championship side rovers were eliminated from the competition on wednesday night by brendan rodgers ' liverpool . bowyer is no stranger to staving off interest in his prized assets .
luis suarez scored barcelona 's 1,000 th goal in european competition . the former liverpool star scored a brace as barcelona took charge of their champions league quarter-final tie against the french champions . the barcelona frontman cheekily nutmegged david luiz before curling the ball into the top corner to net his second .
pep guardiola is n't alone responsible for the decline of the premier league in europe , nor is it really down to st andrews , though the iconic town with its genteel ambience played its part in continental europe overhauling the english clubs . the new manager took the young argentinian under guardiola in his battle with the club to play for argentina in the beijing olympics .
reading beat bradford 3-0 in the fa cup semi-final on saturday . steve clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion . the royals face premier league giants arsenal in crunch clash . click here for all the latest arsenal news . read host arsenal at wembley on sunday .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave the club . the 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off . the club have called a press conference for wednesday at 12.30 pm .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers , chief executive ian ayre and entire liverpool squad attended , along with a host of former players including kenny dalglish , ian rush , phil thompson , robbie fowler , john aldridge . there was also significant representation from everton , with manager roberto martinez joining his captain jagielka and club ambassador graham stuart .
stephen dodd took a photograph of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield last month . liverpool fc are set to take action against a fan who said that two muslim men praying at the club 's stadium were a ` disgrace ' . after facing a huge online backlash he continued to defend himself .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-0 in their champions league tie . luis suarez has scored 10 in his last 11 games - including two crucial goals away at manchester city . lionel messi and neymar are the most in-form in world football .
bayer leverkusen defender emir spahic could face a lengthy ban . video footage shows him fighting and aiming a headbutt at stewards . the bosnian defender was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury . bayer lost 5-3 on penalties after 120 goalless minutes at the bayarena .
police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby . both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the premier league . but the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears . the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat trick as paris saint-germain thrashed saint-etienne 4-1 to reach the french cup final on wednesday . ezequiel lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet auxerre in the final . psg are also bidding to become the first french side to lift all three domestic trophies in a single season .
philippe coutinho scored the decisive goal for liverpool with 20 minutes to play in their fa cup quarter-final replay at ewood park . blackburn goalkeeper simon eastwood almost scored a late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage-time corner . liverpool beat blackburn 3-0 in the fa cup semi-finals .
raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days . luis suarez secured a move to barcelona despite being involved in a number of incidents on the pitch . english football would appear to have yet another flawed talent , another player seemingly lacking the wit to make best use of the ability he has been blessed with .
will stevens has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team in either qualifying or the race in the opening two formula one events of the year in australia and malaysia . manor have naturally had their teething problems since being rescued from administration , notably in melbourne .
justin carney dislocated his elbow in tigers ' 25-4 win over hull kr last saturday . the news could have been worse for carney , who did not suffer a break as first feared . james clare is expected to take carney 's place against widnes on sunday .
aaron cook , 24 , applied for citizenship after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici . he has now received his passport from the small eastern european state . cook has refused to fight for the great britain since may 2012 . the british taekwondo star has been granted citizenship by moldova .
nathan hughes ' knee collided with george north 's head on march 27 . the fiji-born forward missed his side 's champions cup quarter-final loss against toulon last sunday . he has since been advised to take a minimum of a month off from playing to counter-act his concussion symptoms .
carl hayman admits toulon ` have a lot of work to do ' to secure an unprecedented third consecutive european title . the cote d'azur outfit had frederic michalak 's unerring boot and ali williams ' late try to thank for a victory littered with error .
dai young 's side became the third of four english challengers to be dispatched from europe 's premier event over a punishing weekend . but this was no meek capitulation , despite the chronic inconvenience of losing nathan hughes to a contentious ban and christian wade to an untimely injury .
michael phelps will compete at the arena pro swim series event in mesa , arizona , from april 15-18 . phelps was suspended by usa swimming following his drink-driving arrest in september when police caught him travelling at 84mph in a 45mph zone in baltimore , maryland .
milinda gunasekera was flying home from a holiday in chile on october 29 . he was changing flights at auckland airport for the final leg of his trip . but after downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry . the west australian resident was originally accused of indecent assault and threatening to kill - offences carrying a maximum of seven years in jail .
william ` frankie ' dugan , 29 , and valerie ojo , 32 , were charged in march after they allegedly committed forcible sodomy , incest and exploitation against two children , aged 5 and 6 . they also took photographs of the abuse which took place between january 17 and march 21 .
caroline wozniacki was joined by houston texans star watt in the stands as the pair cheered on the players at a ncaa final four college basketball championship game on monday in indianapolis . the game between the duke blue devils and the university of wisconsin 's badgers took place at the lucas oil stadium in the city and world no 5 . woznisacki had spent the day before the game with us president barack obama plays tennis
world no 5 caroline wozniacki was invited to the white house on monday . the danish ace participated in this year 's themed #gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people . the event was broadcast on the popular talk show live ! with kelly and michael .
the 22-year-old was jogging along a street in duncan in august 2013 when he was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun . his parents , donna and peter lane listened to the frantic seven-minute 911 call made by oklahoma resident who witnessed their son collapsed on the side of the road . chancey luna , 17 , was charged with first-degree murder . the teen was riding in a ford focus with two teenage friends when he allegedly
pablo osvaldo has urged italian legends andrea pirlo and francisco totti to move continents . the 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from southampton and has become an instant hit . totti is one of the best midfielders in world football and is hugely popular .
the incident occurred at ben gurion international airport in israel . video shows passengers leaping from the plane before a fire engine races . officials are investigating how and why a fire broke out on a passenger jet . the small plane was scheduled to fly out to russia from the middle eastern country . six people on board were forced to jump onto the runway to escape the flames .
robin van persie will not return to the fray for manchester united against manchester city on sunday . van gaal wants his side to move towards that target by taking all three points against city . the united boss says he has been dreaming of beating rivals city in sunday 's derby at old trafford .
louis van gaal and manuel pellegrini have tinkered with their systems . sportsmail looks at how a composite xi of the sides might take shape . david de gea edges out joe hart for the goalkeeper slot . pablo zabaleta has n't been at his best but is the best right back either club can boast at the moment .
manchester derby is not a match to decide the title , as has been the case in earlier seasons . city have won the last four contests between the sides , as well as the previous three at old trafford . a number of intriguing strands run through this coming clash and could be pulled apart on full time .
manchester united will be looking to end a run of four successive derby defeats on sunday when city make the short trip across town . louis van gaal lost his first encounter with united 's closest rivals last november , when sergio aguero struck the only goal in a 1-0 win for the blues . but the united boss is confident of victory this weekend .
manuel pellegrini says he is not impressed by manchester united 's rise up the table . manchester city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions . city have not won away since mid-february and are fourth in the premier league . click here for all the latest man united news .
wayne rooney has gone on to become the most significant figure in united 's return to relevance . the 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield this season . rooney was on the verge of knocking on his manager 's door to ask for an explanation about his deployment in the centre of midfield .
jermain defoe 's wonder goal has set sunderland on their way to premier league survival . the holland international waited in the tunnel for defoe at half-time , seconds after he smashed the stunning 20-yard volley . sportsmail 's jamie carragher criticised krul for his actions .
jermain defoe scored twice for sunderland since arriving on # 80,000-per-week wages in january . but defoe was the hero on sunday as his 20-yard volley proved enough to secure a fifth straight victory for the black cats . the 32-year-old was overcome with emotion in the wake of his brilliant blast .
jermain defoe smashed home a missile of a left-footed volley to fire sunderland into a 1-0 lead at the stadium of light . the 32-year-old was unable to do anything about defoe 's 45th-minute strike . newcastle keeper tim krul said : ` it just happened so quickly ' .
jermain defoe scored a stunning volley for sunderland to secure a 1-0 victory . the magpies were desperately poor before the break and only marginally better after it to leave geordie carver red-faced . john carver admitted he was 'em barrassed ' by newcastle 's capitulation .
newcastle goalkeeper tim krul was unable to do anything about defoe 's 45th-minute strike as he watches it fly into the net . jermain defoe opened the scoring with a left-footed volley to fire sunderland into a 1-0 lead . the former tottenham striker then fell to the turf shortly after the half-time whistle was blown by mike dean .
boy , who can not be named , must stay in care of his local authority . details emerge about ruling at family court hearing in reading , berkshire . judge said boy 's parents accepted that their son had suffered from ` poor dental hygiene ' due to a diet high in sugar , which had caused tooth decay .
pekingese marley and mitzy disappeared from the front garden of their home in doncaster , south yorkshire . but they were snatched when they were n't looking - and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on cctv . they are offering a # 1,000 reward for information leading to their safe return .
the poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains . half of those interviewed said they had first suffered harassment under the age of 18 . harassment can range from `` insults to other intimidating behaviour , whistling , comments on appearance - to sex attacks or rape ' .
lady sasima srivikorn is in her 70s with an endearing laugh and a royal blue scarf she has knitted especially for saturday 's fa cup semi-final against arsenal . she has been a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the asian games .
liverpool striker mario balotelli subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages . liverpool team-mate daniel sturridge and arsenal striker danny welbeck have also received more than a thousand discriminatory messages . kick it out estimates there have been 134,000 discriminatory posts this season .
britain 's adam peaty has broken the men 's 100m breast stroke world record with a time of 57.92 seconds . the 20-year-old from uttoxeter 's gold-winning time on friday beat the previous record of 58.46 set by south african cameron van der burgh in 2012 .
dion dublin joined regular hosts martin roberts and lucy alexander . the former aston villa frontman looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in dartford . the presenters meet the buyers and make suggestions on how best to improve the property .
manchester united travel to chelsea in the premier league on saturday . louis van gaal faces a number of selection dilemmas ahead of the clash . michael carrick and daley blind were both ruled out due to injury . mata won three trophies in two-and-a-half successful seasons at the bridge .
manchester united face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . wayne rooney limped off against manchester city while marcos rojo picked up an injury too . louis van gaal 's side have won six straight premier league wins . the dutchman will miss the much-anticipated clash with the blues .
frank knight , a lifelong supporter of the seasiders , was ordered to make a public apology after posting disparaging status on his facebook page this time last year . knight currently has 34 friends on his private account and this is the third instance in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings with owner owen oyston and his son , chairman karl .
shay given will start against liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . the irishman has been selected each round of the competition . brad guzan , villa 's no 1 , suffered heartbreak in 2010 . tim sherwood said he would keep faith with his deputy goalkeeper .
luke shaw thought he had done ok against arsenal in the fa cup . but he felt invigorated all the same as the score was 1-1 and shaw returned to the team for the first time since united 's defeat at swansea city in february . shaw has not played since and was withdrawn from the england squad .
philippe coutinho arrived at anfield for just # 8.5 million in 2013 . the brazil playmaker has been nominated for the pfa player of the year . coutinho made his inter milan debut at 18 , but was underused at the san siro . the 18-year-old failed to establish himself at the club from vasco de gama .
newport county striker chris zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months . the 28-year-old admitted four charges relating to two incidents at swindon crown court . the former cheltenham , bristol rovers and millwall player crashed his bmw into a taxi in december and attacked another driver who attempted to film him .
john carver has replaced alan pardew as head coach at st james ' park . the 50-year-old has managed just two wins in 14 games in all competitions . carver says he 's enjoying his role at newcastle and believes he is getting the best out of the players .
wales climbed to 22 , their highest-ever position in football 's world order . chris coleman 's side are unbeaten in euro 2016 qualifying and would be within touching distance of the finals in france should they beat belgium in june . ramsey admits the banter with the likes of theo walcott , jack wilshere and danny welbeck is already flying on the arsenal training ground .
ash handley scored a hat-trick for leeds against st helens on friday . the rhinos have now played every other team in super league . the 19-year-old 's first try came against the run of play as he plucked out of the air and sprinted 90 metres to the other end of the pitch .
ramiul sheikh , 50 , was violently knocked to the ground after trying to outrun the animal in the murshidabad district of the country . he scrambles to his feet and survives a second charge from the angry elephant . locals were trying to coax the herd back into the forest when one suddenly became violent .
mesut ozil was off the pace at the beginning of this season , but says he is now back to his best since returning to fitness in january . the german star says his injury has actually helped him . the 26-year-old says he has come to terms with the premier league .
the pilot was trying to land the plane at fort lauderdale executive airport around 4.30 pm on sunday . the plane crashed shortly after in a wooded area close to the runway . the reason for the crash is not yet known . firefighters battled to put out the flames on the crash site .
author martin fletcher claims the fire was not an accident and has revealed a sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham . west yorkshire police today said they would review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy . fletcher spent 15 years researching the disaster in which his brother andrew , 11 , his uncle peter , 32 , and his grandfather eddie , 63 , were all killed .
the fire began around 11:30 a.m. sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo , wgrz reported . police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes , according to the television station . the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air .
the jury that voted wednesday to send former new england patriots star aaron hernandez to prison for life sat down for a group interview . on thursday , the jury and alternate jurors say down with cnn 's anderson cooper to talk about the trial that has consumed their lives for the past three months .
black cat rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in bydgoszcz , northern poland . he snuggles up to the dogs and cats that are brought in for help . the green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in october after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection and his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved .
statue of yu the great 's wife has been worn down and discolored by sightseers . statue stands in gardens in wuhan , the capital city of central china 's hubei province . it depicts yu and his wife were brought together by a nine-tailed fox . over years tourists have kept touching yu 's hand , the fox 's back , and wife 's chest .
the recorded cell phone conversation , which the company released to reporters , shows john hargrove using the n-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend . in the five-minute video , h argrove discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head .
video maker holds up two see-through plastic cups and a marker pen to create something truly unique . the video maker then stacks a third cup , which has outfits drawn on it , including a jacket , a t-shirt and a bikini . the filmmaker claims to be influenced by japanese comics .
the dog 's owner , stains is a sheep-herding breed and his thick coat , which is best suited for colder climates . it was at this point that its owner decided that what the dog really needed was a new look and opted to have half its coat shaved . capturing his artistic vision on camera , stains ' owner laughs hysterically while videoing his pet sitting alongside two other dogs at home .
brian the lar gibbon , 50 , was videoed by amanda dorman from south lanarkshire , scotland . the video shows the critter sneaking across its enclosure while looking back and forth at the filmmaker . it was then shared over 130,000 times before the lad bible page picked it up .
grandparents have pleaded for the safe return to australia of two young children whose mother took them from melbourne to the islamic state capital in syria . dullel kassab regularly boasts on twitter that her daughter and two-year-old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds and her daughter likes watching is videos of ` muslims killing bad ppl ' .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats . but in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix . immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable . she then proceeds to spit it out on the floor .
video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws . keeping her eyes fixed on the toy , she then proceeds to lift it into the air being careful not to drop it . after freezing still for several seconds , pakak lowers the ball slowly down .
aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since the start of last season . but his last one , the only goal of the game at burnley , meant the world . his grandmother would have been proud of young aaron as he took time out from preparations for today 's fa cup semi-final against reading .
jessica ennis-hill will return to the olympic stadium three years on to compete in the sainsbury 's anniversary games . the 29-year-old has not competed since the same event in 2013 . but her return to action sets up the prospect of a showdown against katarina johnson-thompson .
the 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from anderlecht 's youth set-up . belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies .
blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender thomas piermayr . the 25-year-old has been training with the championship club this week . pier mayr is a free agent and had been playing for colorado rapids . the former austria u21 international had a spell with inverness caledonian thistle in 2011 .
roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage . the fish first moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between the man 's fingers . later in the video the fish interacts further with the man by swimming up his arm and circling his fingers .
teacher aaron galloway , 23 , was on a half-term city break to prague when he left his expensive slr camera on the seat as he landed in the czech republic capital . ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the # 499 nikon .
manchester city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a # 24million deal for alvaro negredo to fund a move for radamel falcao . negredo joined valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the mestalla .
tottenham 's chances of qualifying for next season 's champions league look over following poor results against burnley and aston villa . but the white hart lane club could yet secure another season in the europa league . mauricio pochettino fears another year in the competition could have a detrimental impact on their hopes of entering europe 's elite club competition .
jon flanagan will speak to liverpool about a new contract at the end of the season . the full back was a revelation at anfield last season as liverpool came tantalisingly close to winning their first title since 1990 . the 22-year-old was named on roy hodgson 's standby list .
tiger woods and rory mcilroy were paired up in the final round of the 2015 masters at augusta national golf club . the world no 1 finished strongly , but the battle came too late to challenge long-time leader jordan spieth for the green jacket . the american held a four-shot lead heading into sunday .
maria sharapova pulled out of russia 's fed cup semi-final against germany . the russian tennis federation said she was looking forward to playing in sochi . the 27-year-old 's last appearance was in the miami open at the end of march .
sania mirza became the first indian to climb to the top of the wta doubles rankings . the 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with hingis , beating casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6-0 , 6-4 in just 57 minutes .
angelique kerber beat madison keys 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 in the family circle cup final . the german broke serve five times against an opponent who had n't lost serve all week . kerber had defeated friend , countrywoman and defending champion andrea petkovic in the final .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg have again been reminded of their responsibilities to mercedes after the team were forced to tackle head on the tension that rose between them in china on sunday . mercedes boss toto wolff is confident the matter has been laid to rest .
toby wolff says nico rosberg and lewis hamilton will have to deal with some ` unpopular calls ' . the british driver won the chinese grand prix but has come under fire from his mercedes team-mate niki lauda . the 30-year-old said he was merely looking after his tyres to ensure they lasted during the crucial middle stint of the race .
lewis hamilton claims mercedes team-mate hamilton deliberately compromising his race at last weekend 's chinese grand prix . mika hakkinen said british driver 's tactics were legitimate . hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in china .
lewis hamilton insists he is prepared for further criticism from mercedes team-mate nico rosberg . the german claimed hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race , drawing him back into a chasing sebastian vettel in his ferrari .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg had their say on sunday 's chinese grand prix . hamilton was particularly strident saying that the difference is that he is a ` racer ' . the pair had been ` selfish ' by slowing down while leading the race . the verbal spat played out at the press conference as the two protagonists sat side by side .
wasps beat london welsh 40-13 at the kassam stadium in aviva premiership . tom varndell helped himself to a hat-trick against the exiles . wasps ' hunt for automatic european rugby champions cup spot next season had stuttered after winning just one of their previous five fixtures in all competitions .
aaron cook has been granted moldovan citizenship british olympic association plans to fight for them in rio 2016 . the 24-year-old ranked no 2 in the world in the sub-80kg class . cook has not competed for gb since missing out on selection for london 2012 .
michael phelps will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by usa swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall . the 18-time olympic champion has already qualified in three events before being banned from the last major international meet before the rio de janeiro olympics .
leicester host swansea 3-2 in the premier league on saturday . jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west brom . but after their mini-revival pearson wants his side to remain focused on their own jobs . leicester boss nigel pearson has urged his players to focus on his own job .
raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season . in 2013 he was spotted outside a london nightclub with a cigarette in his mouth and was pictured smoking in a swimming pool in las vegas a year later . in 2011 he was given a police warning after spitting on a taxi driver who refused to take him home because he was too drunk .
leigh griffiths scored a hat-trick to guide his team to a 4-1 victory . the treble-chasing reigning champions came from a goal down . darryl westlake 's wickedly deflected strike early in the second half had given the visitors a shock lead completely against the run of play .
newcastle owner mike ashley bought a 9.82 per cent stake in rangers . the tycoon is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with hampden chiefs designed to limit his power at ibrox . two of his closest associates sat as directors until king forced them out at last month 's general meeting .
real madrid could be set to play in a grey and yellow away kit . the away kit will feature three grey stripes in the european champions ' shirts . real madrid 's kit will also feature yellow trim and a greyed-out badge . the big change will be the introduction of the fifa club world cup badge .
maria sharapova will play for russia in the fed cup semi-finals . world no 2 will be part of the russian team facing germany on april 18-19 . russia captain anastasia myskina has also picked svetlana kuznetsova .
juan mata scored both goals as united beat liverpool 2-1 at anfield . mata has been excluded from the spain squad since their world cup exit . louis van gaal 's side are back in action against aston villa on saturday . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
obama said he ` had to say hi ' to bolt , the fastest sprinter of all time , when he became the first american president to visit the island since 1982 . when obama met bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark ` lightning pose ' .
usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas . the six-time olympic gold medallist will compete in the relay championship on may 2 and 3 . the full jamaican team list for the competition will be announced shortly .
michael phelps is entered in five events at this week 's arena pro swim series in mesa , arizona . the 29-year-old swimmer was suspended last year by usa swimming after his arrest on drunk driving charges . phelps has won 22 olympic medals , 18 golds , but was banned from swimming in september .
manchester united boss was stunned to find players could not train after dark at the swish complex on the outskirts of the city . he immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights . sportsmail understands van gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions . if united are due to play a night match he would prefer them to prepare by training under lights .
former manchester united goalkeeper edwin van der sar is convinced louis van gaal will bring the glory days back to old trafford . victory at stamford bridge would put united within five points of the blues , but the fact that the leaders have one game in hand means they are big favourites to lift the barclays premier league trophy next month .
andy murray marries kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday . the world no 3 posted a hilarious series of ` emojis ' to his 2.98 million followers . the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open . murray will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to barcelona .
emmanuel adebayor joined tottenham in 2011 from manchester city . the togo international rejected reports linking him with a move away . the 31-year-old has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season . he has been criticised for several underwhelming performances . click here for all the latest spurs news .
emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages will finally get rid of the striker this summer . togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane with both the player and manager mauricio pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens . the 31-year-old has made just nine league starts this season .
wolfsburg dominated but needed a second-half penalty from defender ricardo rodriguez . the swiss international converted a 72nd-minute spot-kick after daniel caligiuri was brought down by julian schuster . holders bayern munich are chasing a treble for the second time in three years .
andre schurrle admits he was relieved to end his goal drought by scoring his first goal for wolfsburg in the bundesliga on saturday . the 24-year-old scored his first since joining from chelsea in february as they beat stuttgart 3-1 .
david luiz came off the bench in wednesday 's champions league quarter-final first leg . luis suarez suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but hoddle believes he still showed his naivety even if he was n't fully fit . the brazilian was left with his head in his hands after allowing suarez a clean run at goal .
chelsea host manchester united in the fa cup semi-final on saturday . oriol romeu is currently on a season-long loan at bundesliga side stuttgart . the pair predict the scores for the weekend 's premier league and fa cup matches . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
manuel neuer and pep guardiola flew back to germany on thursday . the german champions lost 3-1 to porto in the champions league quarter-final first leg . the defeat was the price the five-time european champions paid for a string of injuries .
ricardo quaresma and another from jackson martinez saw porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final on wednesday . portugal 's record opted for the pun ` fantasporto ' as their headline for the next day .
bayern munich lost 3-1 against porto on wednesday night . pep guardiola has been under pressure lately as his side fell out of the race for the premier league title . manuel pellegrini has a year remaining on his contract in germany but a quarter-final champions league exit .
christian benteke completed his hat-trick in the relegation battle with qpr at villa park last week . the belgium striker has scored eight goals in his last six games . he has been rejuvenated under tim sherwood , scoring a goal every 87 minutes of the game .
john wild , from wotton-under-edge in gloucestershire , was issued with a three-year ban order and ordered to carry out community service , pay compensation and cover court fees . brown criticised a number of bodies , including kick it out , the football association and the professional footballers ' association .
russian premier league side torpedo moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a nazi symbol . the punishment will not take effect until may because torpedo are already required to play their next two home matches behind closed doors . sunday 's game was also marred by crowd violence , with torpedo fans attacking arsenal supporters and police .
black players of milan 's under-10 team allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during sunday 's 4-0 win over paris saint-germain . milan says it does ` not want to magnify the issue ' and ` truly hopes that these reports are n't true or that it was simply a sporadic incident ' .
kevin pietersen camp have scored a comprehensive win in the pr battle with the england and wales cricket board . agent adam wheatley , co-founder of the company with sir ian botham , insists everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former sun editor david yelland .
jockey aidan coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride that will finally help him banish his crabbie 's grand national blues . the 26-year-old rides well-backed the druids nephew , stepping in for broken leg victim barry geraghty on the neil mulholland-trained gelding which won on the opening day of last month 's cheltenham festival .
ben flower was given the honour of leading wigan 's victory song . wigan warriors forward did not get among the scorers but he did enough to impress coach shaun wane on his first appearance since being sent off in the warriors ' grand final defeat by st helens last october .
wigan beat warrington 30-20 at the dw stadium on thursday night . winger dom manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days . flower was sent off for punching lance hohaia in october 's grand final defeat by st helens .
sam tomkins rejected an offer from warrington in order to return to wigan . the england international is to cut short his stay in the nrl with new zealand warriors . wigan received a world record transfer fee , thought to be around # 700,000 . tomkins made 129 super league appearances , scoring 107 tries .
gerhard tremmel has played second fiddle to michel vorm and then lukasz fabianski during his four years at swansea . glen johnson looks almost certain to end his six-year spell at anfield . england 's first-choice right-back at the world cup looks set to leave liverpool after six years this summer .
nigel pearson has turned to former manager howard wilkinson to help leicester 's survival bid . the foxes host swansea on saturday looking for a third straight win and will escape the drop zone for the first time since november if burnley fail to win at everton .
former queens park rangers chairman gianni paladini has been searching for a way back into football since he left loftus road in 2011 . he has attempted to buy birmingham city from carson yeung . the italian seems to have enjoyed more success in west yorkshire where he has forged an official link to bradford .
jenna louise driscoll , 25 , was due to face brisbane magistrates court on monday on seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs . she was charged last year with three counts of bestiality , along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug . after her second fail to appear , police issued an arrest warrant . police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered her having sex with a dog .
gareth bale was verbally abused by supporters outside real madrid 's training ground . it came almost a month after the world 's most expensive footballer 's white bentley was attacked by fans . the # 86million signing was singled out by those waiting for the players to leave the training base early on wednesday morning . marca gave bale just five out of 10 while as awarded him one star .
alex oxlade-chamberlain has been ruled out of the fa cup semi-final against reading at wembley . arsenal boss arsene wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week . arsenal captain mikel arteta is also on the club 's injury list .
diafra sakho limps off against stoke city on saturday . the west ham striker has scored 12 goals this season . the 25-year-old is west ham 's runaway top scorer this season with 12 goals . the senegal international was forced off after 59 minutes .
allardyce 's contract expires at the end of the season but he feels his work at upton park is far from done . the west ham starting xi included six summer signings with carl jenkinson and alex song . marko arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser to once again see west ham lose points late on in a game .
swansea beat everton 3-1 in their premier league clash on saturday . garry monk believes a strong finish will put a different slant on the season . the spaniard is determined to stop his former manager roberto martinez profiting at his old liberty stadium stomping ground .
garry monk will hold talks with michu before deciding whether he will return to swansea . the spaniard has spent a frustrating season on loan at napoli . the 29-year-old said he did not know whether he would be returning to the club this summer to see out the final year of his contract .
nicola salerno has resigned from his role as leeds united 's sporting director . the 58-year-old italian was banned from having any executive influence at elland road until may 4 due to a tax conviction in italy . salerno worked with cellino at his previous club cagliari .
burnley boss sean dyche has told danny ings to keep on smiling . the 23-year-old has not found the net in seven appearances . dyche hopes the barren spell is not weighing too heavily on ings . the clarets have struggled for goals in recent weeks .
tim sherwood returned to white hart lane with his aston villa side on saturday . he recorded a hugely important 1-0 victory against tottenham to increase his team 's chances of premier league survival . sportsmail explains sherwood was visibly delighted at recording a victory with the home fans .
cristiano ronaldo scored his first free-kick in 57 attempts to send real madrid on their way to a 3-0 victory over eibar . it was his 38th league goal of the season and with manchester united loanee javier ` chicharito ' hernandez scoring a second this was another win that real had wrapped up before half time as they continue their pursuit of leaders barcelona .
cristiano ronaldo is to start his first game in 389 days in bale 's absence . mundo think a barca win puts them ` halfway to la liga ' the injury-prone duo of sami khedira and fabio coentrao will be missing once again .
fernando torres scored his first ever league own goal during atletico madrid 's 2-2 draw with malaga on saturday . the spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner at the near post over his own line to pull malaga back into the game before half-time . the game opened up in the second half and malaga midfielder samu delicately chipped the ball over oblak with 20 minutes left .
iker casillas kept a clean sheet against rayo vallecano on wednesday . the spain international has been subjected to heavy criticism throughout the season . casillas was asked if he should be kept out of the firing line when real return to action at the bernabeu against eibar this weekend .
alex s had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in munich , germany . he was charged 2,000 euros -lrb- # 1,435 -rrb- and was charged # 14,000 in compensation . believed the series of operations would help him regain vitality . it is thought he believed the operation would help cure his schizophrenia .
andrew strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart are all former england captains who would bring their own experience and knowledge to the role . downton was sacked as ecb managing director after a dismal world cup this year . alastair cook seems in a really happy place and excited to be back around the group .
jimmy anderson takes part in an england practice session ahead of his 100th test on monday . anderson needs just four wickets to overtake sir ian botham and become the leading test wicket-taker in england 's history . the lancastrian will do it remembering the times when it seemed he would become no more than a county bowler .
moeen ali will join up with england ahead of their second west indies test . the two left-arm mitchells have recovered quicker than expected form a rib injury . moeen struggled with the short ball against sri lanka and india last year . he was recently named one of wisden 's five cricketers of the year .
andrew strauss says kevin pietersen 's affair is a ` distraction ' for english cricket . the ecb and the england team 's efforts to move on from him have n't worked so far but by winning that will allow them to move forward . strauss 's views are as much from a cricketing point of view as a personal one .
thierry henry hailed francis coquelin for his display in arsenal 's 1-0 win over burnley at turf moor . the former gunners striker labelled the 23-year-old ` columbo ' . henry was speaking on sky sports ' coverage of the premier league encounter .
west ham drew 1-1 with stoke at upton park on sunday afternoon . the irons looked to have done enough to battle to victory after taking an early lead through a superb free-kick by full back aaron cresswell . west ham remain in top 10 despite their late slip-up .
former england striker said he did n't believe charlie adam 's strike was worthy of goal of the season . owen scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for liverpool , real madrid , newcastle , manchester united and stoke . co-anchor robbie savage waded in following owen 's outburst .
manchester city face west ham united at the etihad stadium on sunday . manuel pellegrini 's side have lost four of their last five games . manchester city have already talked to borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp two years ago when they were seeking to replace roberto mancini .
the disgraced espn sports reporter has been suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling single mother-of-three gina michelle : ` i 'm on tv and you 're in a f -- ing trailer , honey ' . just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an arkansas attorney and women 's rights campaigner on twitter .
deputy michael hubbard from the spartanburg county sheriff 's office is seen approaching the unidentified woman on the i-26 on monday . when the officer asks what she is doing , she turns to him and says : ` just looking for my way out and being at peace ' . after being dragged back from the ledge , the woman is then placed in the patrol car and can be heard crying . she was taken to a nearby gas station where emts arrived and transported her to
officer jeffrey swett was allegedly run over by william bogard in january after the suspect stole his car while it was running . bogard suffered two broken arms , a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma , while bogard has pleaded not guilty . the hearing was held so a judge could determine if there is substantial evidence for a trial .
the women of the university of southern california won the pac-12 championship on thursday . usc now finishes the season 21 - 2 while ucla is 18 - 4 . both teams will now compete individually . while celebrating their win , they smashed and broke the trophy . the usc women 's tennis team beat the women by a score of 4 - 3 for the win .
the crowd tried to storm the club tsunami in the chilean capital santiago . the band were on stage at the time when a large group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub . three people died after a crush developed outside tsunami nightclub . seven people are in a critical condition according to dr mario henriquez .
stephen taylor , 54 , left lee-on-solent at about 11.30 am yesterday . experienced canoeist was in touch with partner michelle fuller , 49 . when he failed to return home late in the evening she alrted police . coastguard helicopter , rescue teams and lifeboats launched to search .
the creatures were discovered at blairgowrie pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration spot . the crabs migrate once a year in the port phillip bay area in southern victoria . the full migration is expected to occur in two to five weeks when the water temperature will drop to 14 degrees celsius .
jacob polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the sec ` globe ' centre in kiev , ukraine . his friend jamal maslow , who fell off the roof first , broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps . witnesses rushed over to the teenagers , both 17 , after the accident and found mr maslow in huge amounts of pain .
bbc 's coverage of the fa cup semi-final kicked off with footage of the late sir laurence olivier doing the st crispin 's day speech from the film of henry v . reading defender nathaniel chaloboah chases arsenal midfielder aaron ramsey .
carlos tevez opened the scoring for juventus after 17 minutes . the result brought lazio 's run of six consecutive victories to an end . lazio did mount a late rally but the dismissal of midfielder danilo cataldi ended their challenge . sampdoria were held to an unlikely goalless draw by cesena .
bbc commentator guy mowbray has worked for the bbc since 2004 . he correctly predicted the starting line-ups , naming 19 of the 22 players who took to the field . instead jordan ibe returned from injury , while brannagan was an unused substitute in liverpool 's 2-0 win at anfield .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday . the reigning world champion won his second race in three to start the 2015 season , but his podium celebrations have drawn criticism . leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as ` selfish and inconsiderate ' .
southampton defender nathaniel clyne has been told he is england 's first choice right-back by roy hodgson . the southampton defender has fuelled talk that he could quit st mary 's this summer by insisting he wants to play champions league football . the saints have thrust him into the forefront of the decision .
brendan rodgers has met with raheem sterling to remind him of his professional responsibilities . the liverpool starlet was caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe alongside young team-mate jordon ibe . rodgers and sterling were locked in discussions at the melwood training ground on friday .
newcastle set to strip fabricio coloccini of the club captaincy this summer . former argentina defender has been skipper since 2011 . head coach john carver says club will review position at the end of the season . the magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed .
manchester city defeated city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . wayne rooney said his team 's win was based on identifying flaws in manuel pellegrini 's team . the manchester derby between united and city was the loudest he 's ever heard .
ashley young has revived his career in recent months under louis van gaal . the 29-year-old scored in sunday 's 4-2 derby victory over manchester united . young is now being touted for a return to the england set-up . his representatives are poised to hold further talks with united chief executive ed woodward over the coming weeks .
tom ince is currently on loan at derby from premier league side hull city . former england and manchester united midfielder paul was in the stands . play-off chasing derby were 1-0 up , 3-1 down and 4-3 behind in an amazing game which saw huddersfield have three goals ruled out .
manchester city midfielder yaya toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season . manuel pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in the midfielder . sportsmail revealed city would listen to offers for the ivorian as they look to overhaul an ageing squad at the end of the season .
vincent kompany was substituted during sunday 's 4-2 derby defeat at manchester united . the influential captain could have been sent off for a challenge on daley blind . manuel pellergini claims he is not concerned by mounting pressure over his position at the etihad .
nico rosberg has claimed team-mate lewis hamilton has the mental edge over him after his outburst at shanghai international circuit on sunday . the british driver won the chinese gp but came under fire for allegedly slowing on purpose . the 1996 world champion said he would not do anything differently .
pep guardiola and roman abramovich met in paris this summer . bayern munich coach craves stability and chooses his clubs based on assurances . manuel pellegrini 's position at manchester city is under threat . eden hazard arrived from lille for # 32m and oscar from internacional .
gary neville believes louis van gaal 's greatest achievement is the making of jose mourinho . the pair have been friends since they first worked together at barcelona in 1997 where they enjoyed a successful relationship at the camp nou . neville says the pair will be proud of his friend 's achievements .
firefighters scoured a burning home in boise , idaho , searching for people shouting ` help ! ' and ` fire ! ' . the tropical creatures appeared to have been alone when flames began to sweep the property . both were pulled from the home and given oxygen . officials have yet to track down the birds ' owners .
youtube user elmanantz cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` the big egg has another normal egg in it ! ' . while the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon .
roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened atalanta in serie a . francesco totti gave roma the lead from the spot in the third minute . napoli closed the gap to five points when they beat struggling cagliari later on sunday . genoa lost 2-1 to palermo and torino drew at sassuolo .
jose callejon opened the scoring for rafa benitez side with a neat one-on-one finish before antonio balzano 's own-goal doubled napoli 's advantage . substitute manolo gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the partenopei just minutes after coming on to put the game well .
carlo ancelotti has revealed karim benzema will miss real madrid 's la liga game against malaga on saturday . the frenchman limped out of training with a knee problem . benzema picked up the injury in tuesday 's champions league quarter-final first leg draw at atletico madrid .
ministers refused to give blanket refund to desperate families who had to pay extra to get documents rushed through . boxes of passport applications piled up at in office in liverpool at peak of backlog last summer . problems began a year ago as hm passport office struggled to cope with 3.6 million britons applying for documents .
eric carter and stephanie mccassin , both of manchester , were arrested on warrants thursday , four months after the child 's grandmother and primary caretaker . mary macdonald reported finding the child in the tub , with the parents passed out on dec. 4 . the child was not hurt .
surveillance footage from philadelphia 's 15th street station shows one passenger lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform at 6.40 pm on wednesday night . he falls , and bystanders jump back in shock . within a second , the man in an eagles jacket ran back to the spot where the man fell .
a qantas jet bound for perth was forced to turn back to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air . the airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30 pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors . passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart sunday afternoon .
the month-old cubs , born march 11 , were captured on video sitting before press and public at leningrad zoo in saint petersburg . from the same litter , the two cubs -- one black , the other spotty -- are the fifth brood of mother and father agnes and rock .
footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal 's back . his horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves . the donkey barely moves as its buttocks and sides are prodded . the unlikely pair live at an animal rescue shelter in camp verde , arizona .
footage captured by rumble user sean c shows bourbon the doberman licking a baby boy on the face and nose . at one point the youngster can barely breathe as his whole face is given a slobbery wash . a man filming the scene is heard yelling : ` bourbon easy ! off ! ' .
gareth bale pulled up with a calf strain after just two minutes of real madrid 's league game on saturday . the welsh forward was forced off and faces a race to be fit for the champions league semi-final on may 5-6 . cristiano ronaldo was the first player to go across to bale as he sat waiting for treatment .
kimberly dianne richardson , 25 , was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of sunday . her baby , a girl , survived and is being cared for at wakemed hospital . the shooting occurred in the 3600 block of sumner boulevard , near triangle town center in raleigh , north carolina .
the problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the mini cooper and cooper s. bmw says the air bag may not work properly because of a error that might prevent the vehicles ' mat detection system from sensing a passenger sitting in the front seat . the recall of the mats , which are manufactured in germany , will begin may 1 .
manchester united are said to be keeping a close eye on miranda . the brazilian centre back has admitted he is ` proud ' to be linked with a move . the 30-year-old has started brazil 's last eight matches since narrowly missing out on a chance of representing his country at the 2014 world cup .
england midfielders jordan henderson and jack wilshere are the surprise names on manchester city 's summer shopping list . the struggling barclays premier league champions know they need more english players in their starting line-up , goalkeeper joe hart has often been the only one this season . city also maintain an interest in liverpool 's unsettled england forward raheem sterling .
pedro would command # 90,000-a-week wages - # 10,000 less than liverpool have offered their 20-year-old winger . he would also cost considerably less than sterling - understood to be available for # 50million - would sell for . pedro has been looked at before by brendan rodgers .
chelsea are favourites to agree terms with giuliano bertolucci 's agency . kenedy has represented brazil at under 17 and under level . the 19-year-old has been linked with a number of top european clubs including manchester united and juventus .
robin van persie has been out injured for six weeks after damaging ankle ligaments against swansea in february . united want to liven up their strikeforce in the summer and are looking to bring in two new forwards with radamel falcao expected to return to monaco .
germany legend franz beckenbauer believes mats hummels is at the right age to leave manchester united . the world cup winning defender has been consistently linked with a move to old trafford in recent seasons . the germany defender is likely to miss out on european football next season .
inter milan prepared to offer yaya toure a five-year contract to lure him away from manchester city this summer . the italian believes toure has the capacity to dominate games in serie a well into his mid-30s , like juventus midfielder andrea pirlo .
mats hummels has admitted he is considering his future at borussia dortmund . the german defender has consistently been linked with a big-money move to manchester united . the 26-year-old has already attracted attention from several other clubs around europe . click here for all the latest transfer news .
arsenal are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a # 4.5 million swoop . the argentine wonderkid has been dubbed the next lionel messi . the 16-year-old is yet to make his senior debut for velez . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
australian surfer josh kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board and flipped head first into the break . the 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious ` box ' - a right hand barrel at margaret river 's main break on wednesday .
steven gerrard is set to start the fa cup semi-final against aston villa . the 34-year-old has flitted in and out of brendan rodgers ' side this term . the midfielder has been missing all month after serving his three-match ban for seeing red against man united .
shay given has revealed the pain still lingers from ruud gullit 's decision to snub him for the 1999 fa cup final between newcastle and manchester united . the republic of ireland goalkeeper played every round of newcastle 's run but was dropped in favour of steve harper for the wembley showpiece .
mikel arteta is set to miss saturday 's fa cup semi-final against reading . the spaniard is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension . the 33-year-old will miss the fa cup final against reading at wembley .
burnley are second from bottom with just six games remaining . sean dyche insists his players are naive on such matters . the clarets have established themselves as one of the hardest working teams in the premier league . dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed .
paul scholes believes the turning point of manchester united 's season came when angel di maria was sent off against arsenal in fa cup . the # 60million signing missed man utd 's impressive 3-0 win over tottenham in which marouane fellaini was one of the stand out players . scholes says united are still some way off challenging for the title .
arsenal defender calum chambers has enjoyed a promising start to his career in north london . chambers signed from southampton last july for # 16million . the 20-year-old is adamant he will play a central part in their future success . chambers caught the eye during his start to life at the emirates .
raheem sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season . the 20-year-old is enduring a tough time off the pitch , in a contract stand-off with liverpool and coming under question for his recreational activities . sherwood said : ` let 's hope he 's not laughing after sunday ' .
jose mourinho has been forced to sell players to balance the books . the chelsea boss claims it 's easier to manage manchester united than the club in the modern confines of uefa 's financial fair play rules . united have the financial scope to fund a massive squad .
` kid kulafu ' , named after a brand of wine whose bottles pacquiao collected as a child , charts his rise from humble beginnings to his first step into the boxing ring . ` he 's just like every one of us , ' director paul soriano said at the film 's manila premiere on tuesday night .
jordan spieth became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at augusta . the 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind tiger woods . spieth won the john deere classic two weeks before his 20th birthday in 2013 . he is aiming to become the first teenage winner on the pga tour since 1931 .
rafael nadal beat lucas pouille 6-2 , 6-1 in the monte carlo masters . it was a businesslike display from the world no 5 . nadal broke in the sixth game of the match to go 4-2 up , and a shanked backhand . the spaniard is an eight-time champion but has n't won since 2012 .
australian nick kyrgios will make debuts at queen 's club this summer . canada 's raonic lost to roger federer in last year 's wimbledon semi-final . the duo will join nadal , andy murray , stan wawrinka , marin cilic and grigor dimitrov .
world number one novak djokovic eased into the third round of monte carlo masters with a straight sets victory over qualifier albert ramos-vinolas . grigor dmitrov , who like tsonga was competing in the first round , came through a stern examination to beat fernando verdasco 6-4 . gael monfils also went the distance after coming from a set down to defeat andrey kuznetsov 4-6 6-3
the singles champions will each receive 1.8 m euros -lrb- # 1.3 m -rrb- , around 150,000 euros more than rafael nadal and maria sharapova picked up last year . the tournament , held at roland garros and beginning on may 24 , remains the grand slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion .
williams head of vehicle performance rob smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of the brazilian in their nine years working together . after twice being written off in the past , initially following his life-threatening accident in 2009 and again when he left ferrari at the end of 2013 .
lewis hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the chinese grand prix was ' a fun thing ' . the incident drew condemnation from object , a campaign group against sexism , which condemned hamilton 's behaviour as ` selfish and inconsiderate ' . hamilton has since defended hamilton , calling on him to apologise .
liu siying was pictured grimacing as lewis hamilton sprayed champagne . the british formula 1 racer drew criticism from around the world . but the shanghai institute of visual art graduate said she did n't think much about the incident and was n't annoyed . she said : ' i was told by my employer to stand on the podium , and that 's what i did ' .
renault managing director cyril abiteboul has boldly declared to red bull team principal christian horner his aim that come late may there will be no further power-unit issues . last week red bull owner dietrich mateschitz warned renault to solve their problems otherwise he would consider pulling his teams out of formula one .
leighton aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back grand nationals . many clouds galloped to a famous victory in the aintree sunshine . the 25-1 shot , who was sixth in the cheltenham gold cup winner to land the prestigious prize .
sportsmail 's racing correspondent marcus townend and britain 's no 1 tipster sam turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the race . will ap mccoy 's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite shutthefrontdoor .
ap mccoy has urged the nation to follow his aintree dream as he chases the fairytale end to his extraordinary career . the 40-year-old will stop riding immediately if his mount shutthefrontdoor wins the # 1million crabbie 's grand national on saturday . the national is trained by jonjo o'neill , will be the subject of an avalanche of emotional support and many once-a-year punters will pin their hopes on m
billy vunipola has been cited for striking leicester 's mathew tait . the incident occurred in saracens ' 22-6 win at allianz park on saturday . the former england full back will appear before an rfu disciplinary panel tomorrow -lrb- april 14 -rrb- .
nathan charles has revealed his battle with cystic fibrosis . the 26-year-old is in with an outside chance of making michael chieka 's world cup squad later this year . charles took to rugby as a youngster as a way of battling the disease . he has spent his entire life defying this disease .
matt scott was ruled out until at least the end of the season . the 25-times-capped centre is now a doubt for september 's world cup . scott has n't played since picking up his latest injury on scotland duty . mark bennett of glasgow will be first choice for outside-centre jersey .
alex hales is hoping for a ` proper crack ' at one-day international cricket with england . the 26-year-old has nine england caps to date since his debut against india last august . hales has played in only five of england 's subsequent 18 matches .
mustafa kamal was unhappy with umpire calls in bangladesh 's world cup defeat to india . the icc clarified that there will be no immediate replacement for the former president in a role which is largely ceremonial under its updated constitution . it was also agreed at the meeting that icc will write to the sri lanka sports minister .
gary ballance scored 122 as england took firm control of the first test . ballance 's 122 was the mainstay of england 's 333 for seven declared leaving west indies needing an unlikely 438 to win the test . england finished fourth day on 98 for two after chris jordan slip catch made the breakthrough .
gary ballance 's hundred looks to have shut the door on an england return for kevin pietersen in the near future . ballance , ian bell and joe root surely all now secure in the middle order for the summer . former ashes hero flintoff believes he is now ` running out of time ' to resurrect his test career .
england ended the day in a strong position , but it 's worth bearing in mind what happened in antigua in 2009 . like thursday , england declared just before tea , leaving west indies a hefty target -lrb- 503 -rrb- . but the home side 's lower order hung on -- with sulieman benn batting as high as nine -- and forced an unlikely draw .
anthony davis , who 'll make his play-off debut against the golden state warriors , came through in the waning minutes with two jumpers , two blocks and two rebounds . tyreke evans had 19 points and 11 assists , and eric gordon added 14 points for new orleans , which had to win to make the post-season because oklahoma city also won in minnesota .
arsenal beat reading 2-0 in extra time to reach the fa cup final . aaron ramsey was relieved after arsenal fought their way past reading . alexis sanchez 's two goals , the second via a howler from reading goalkeeper adam federici , saw the defending champions through .
yannick bolasie bidding will have to start at # 20m for his star to leave selhurst park . alan pardew believes the club 's leading assets do not want to leave . the winger scored a hat-trick in the demolition of sunderland last week .
southampton host hull city at st mary 's on saturday . filip djuricicic has been ruled out of saturday 's clash with hull . steven davis could return to the team after recovering from an ankle injury . fraser forster is out for at least the season after undergoing knee surgery .
ronald koeman believes his side must win their last six games to finish inside top four . saints have five points to claw back on the reigning champions . southampton travel to the etihad stadium on the final day of the season . click here for all the latest southampton news . read : southampton vs tottenham and aston villa .
ryan bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to roy hodgson 's england squad last month . the 25-year-old has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at st mary 's , yet struggled to gain the international recognition many of his colleagues have received .
barcelona b winger moha el ouriachi is set to sign for stoke city . potters manager mark hughes has already snapped up bojan krkic and marc muniesa from the nou camp . the 19-year-old is reportedly keen to seek first-team action .
harry kane has been nominated for pfa player of the year . mauricio pochettino says kane deserves to win the award for his impact on english football . kane could become the first spurs player to score 30 goals in a season since gary lineker achieved the feat 27 years ago .
winston reid signed from danish side midtjylland in august 2010 . the 26-year-old had been linked with the likes of arsenal and tottenham . reid believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at west ham . click here for all the latest west ham news .
sam allardyce is not bothered by how manchester city will react to their slump . the hammers lost 4-2 to rivals manchester united at the etihad stadium . west ham are also in need of consistency , with a stoppage-time goal conceded at home to stoke denying them what would have been only a third league win of 2015 .
leigh griffiths scored hat-trick for celtic against man of the match award . the 24-year-old admits the carrot was n't such a bad alternative to chips and tea cakes . ` thankfully , in the two months since the turn of the year , i have knuckled down ' .
celtic came from behind to beat kilmarnock at parkhead on wednesday . ronny deila said the striker 's desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting xi . griffiths took just 19 minutes to score a treble that takes celtic ever closer to a clean sweep of domestic honours .
jose mourinho insists jurgen klopp is not coming to take his job . the german has been tipped to make the move to england next season . the 47-year-old german will leave borussia dortmund after seven years at the end of the season .
jose mourinho has spoken out in defence of under pressure colleague manuel pellegrini . the chelsea boss has overseen a poor run of form at manchester city . manchester united 's sergio aguero tussles for the ball with marcos rojo .
stuart mccall says he will become a livingston fan for the day on wednesday . rangers drew 1-1 with livingston in the scottish championship on saturday . the easter road outfit are four points ahead of hibernian in midweek . the 18-year-old striker scored a dream double on his full debut .
lucas leiva has been at anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years . the brazilian missed the 2012 league cup final and two other wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against chelsea the previous november .
shadow health secretary and keen football fan andy burnham said move could unlock # 400 million to nurture talents of next generation of stars . he said labour was ready to legislate if necessary to ensure elite clubs lived up to their 1999 promise to support struggling community facilities and projects . mr burnham accused prime minister david cameron of failing to get tough on the premier league despite a massive increase in its tv revenues during his time in power .
jonny howson made the breakthrough in the 57th minute to keep alex neil 's side in the automatic promotion places . the 26-year-old had already endured taunts of ` cheat ' from the home fans after winning a first-half penalty when he was bundled over by current leeds skipper liam cooper .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . simon mignolet insists choosing between an fa cup victory and finishing in the top four would be like preferring one of his parents over the other . brendan rodgers ' side could see the gap between themselves and fourth place - currently occupied by manchester city .
bayern munich beat porto 2-0 in champions league quarter-final . pep guardiola says his side can now dream of reaching the semi-finals . porto boss julen lopetegui says reaching the champions league semi-final would be a dream come true .
serie a leaders juventus have won eight games in a row in serie a . the biancoceleste have conceded just one in their last six italian league games . lazio face massimiliano allegri 's side on tuesday for the return leg of their champions league quarter-final against monaco .
manchester united beat tottenham hotspur 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . marouane fellaini was public enemy no 1 last season , appearing to epitomise everything that was wrong with united under david moyes . the belgian gave the red devils a 2-1 lead in the premier league .
chris smalling scored manchester united 's fourth goal in their 4-2 derby win . united are third , eight points behind leaders chelsea , who face on saturday . smalling has now scored the same amount of premier league goals this season as danny welbeck at arsenal with four .
emmanuel adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the arc de triomphe in paris . the togo international had taken to twitter to insist he was committed to fighting for his place in the spurs team . he joined spurs in 2011 from manchester city , initially on loan before an impressive first season tally of 18 goals .
the rodrigo de freitas lagoon will hold the brazil 2016 olympics rowing and canoe competitions . currently , the lake is littered with thousands of dead fish due to the raw sewage and rubbish within it . the latest incident is affecting thousands of small silvery fish called twaite shad .
french state railway company demanded police action against ` irresponsible ' paris-roubaix cycle race riders who breached a safety barrier . the last of the riders went through the barrier in northern france about eight seconds before the tgv train arrived at the waller crossing , 87 kilometers from the end of the so called ` hell of the north ' race .
liverpool are seven points behind fourth-placed manchester city . manuel pellegrini 's side have a significantly better goal difference . liverpool face crystal palace at the etihad stadium on monday night . click here for all the latest liverpool news . read : manchester united vs crystal palace and man united .
mamadou sakho limped off the field during liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final victory against blackburn rovers on wednesday . the french defender was replaced by kolo toure in the 28th minute . rodgers ' side have slipped down to sixth premier league standings in recent weeks .
jordon ibe is set to sign a new long-term deal at liverpool . the 19-year-old had a deep impression in a sequence of games . brendan rodgers says ibe has looked ` absolutely sensational ' after stepping up his rehabilitation work in the last couple of weeks .
mario balotelli revealed his delight on twitter after manchester city scored early on against manchester united . argentine striker aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes at old trafford and his controversial former city team-mate took the opportunity to lay into his biggest rivals from his time at the etihad stadium .
kimi raikkonen finished fourth at the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday . the finn is confident ferrari can catch and regularly beat their german rivals . sebastian vettel finished on the podium for the third time this season . the 35-year-old finished fourth in the last two races .
carlton cole and nathaniel clyne among premier league stars to attend special event to tackle ebola . west ham striker and southampton right-back were in attendance at searcys function rooms in knightsbridge . event was a fundraising reception for the charity , which was founded by godfrey torto . pictures from the event were shared on the charity 's facebook page .
manny pacquiao ran around one of the north america 's largest urban parks . the filipino swapped the gym for the great outdoors as he worked on his fitness and stamina . the 36-year-old was joined by his pet dog pacman as he continued to gear up for his may 2 encounter against the undefeated mayweather .
manny pacquiao will fight floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . the filipino boxer is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat upon mayweather . the 36-year-old is favourite to bookmakers with less than a month to go until the fight that the entire world of boxing will stop to see .
manchester city women 's players toni duggan and isobel christiansen were joined by everton 's michelle hinnigan at wing 's chinese restaurant . duggan posted a photo on instagram of her and christianen in a restaurant . her apology read : ' i would like to apologise to all mcfc fans for the error of judgement i made last night ' .
manchester united are favourites to sign danny ings this summer . liverpool are prepared to exploit a premier league loophole to guarantee a transfer in the summer . but louis van gaal is attempting to use the same method to trump their rivals and secure the services of the 22-year-old .
stuart pearce believes manuel pellegrini should be given more time to turnaround the club 's dwindling fortunes . the 61-year-old believes city should stick with the manchester city boss . pearce said the club will have a good look at themselves in the summer . yaya toure has had a largely ineffective season for current champions .
david villa was invited to ring the opening bell for the new york stock exchange . the 33-year-old made the move to the newly formed mls outfit this season . he has so far scored one goal in two appearances for manchester city . villa joined the new england revolution defender andy dorman .
west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 at selhurst park on saturday . craig gardner scored the second for tony pulis ' side . the welshman left palace on the eve of the new season . the midfielder has since taken over at the hawthorns with three points .
rafa benitez left valencia just over a decade ago - liverpool , inter , chelsea -lrb- albeit on an interim basis -rrb- and napoli - he has amassed a grand total of zero league titles . donovan chandler is a liverpool fan writer on 90min .
ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night . wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final . the 27-year-old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of thursday 's match .
peter houston claimed that stubbs should be examining tactical failings that led to the downfall of hibs rather than highlighting falkirk 's fortune on the day . the broadside was in response to stubbs insisting it 's hib 's who fully deserve to be waiting for inverness caledonian thistle or celtic in next month 's showpiece .
sky sports pundit gary neville laid into referee lee mason after he failed to award newcastle a penalty during their 2-0 defeat at liverpool on monday night . an incident in the 38th minute of the game saw ayoze perez felled by a reckless challenge from dejan lovren . replays clearly showed the defender scything pere z down and not making contact with the ball , mason did not point to the spot .
manchester united thumped rivals manchester city at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal 's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours . sportsmail rated each player -lrb- 4-1-4-1 -rrb- more effective with his feet than his hands .
aitor karanka is targeting wins from all of his side 's remaining fixtures . wolves are seven points behind boro but only outside the play-offs on goal difference after saturday 's 2-1 defeat to midlands rivals birmingham . head coach kenny jackett admits they have played must-win games for a while .
alexander tettey 's early own goal handed the carrow road visitors a slim victory and threw the title race wide open with just two points separating the top four . bournemouth relinquished first place , play their game in hand against sheffield wednesday and watford , the fourth team with a strong chance .
ben gibson , 22 , is dreaming of a return to the premier league for his boyhood club . boro chairman steve gibson has overseen some of the most significant times in the club 's history . gibson helped save the teessiders from liquidation in 1986 and eight years later took control .
matthew connolly has only been at the club for a month but struck a goal that proved key at a stadium that has humbled all three of their nearest promotion rivals . watford were made to sweat for the three points during a late surge by 10-man nottingham forest , but left having leapfrogged middlesbrough into third .
ryan dearnley won the chance to walk out at wembley when the royals beat huddersfield in the third round . a poll in getreading revealed 85 % readers felt he should not lead steve clarke 's side out . championship side reading eliminated hudderfield in third round on their way to meeting arsenal .
yaya toure will not be forced out of manchester city , but the club are set to make him available this summer . sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the premier league champions will listen to offers for the ivorian . toure has more than two years left on his current # 220,000-a-week deal .
former manchester city manager sven goran eriksson delivered a damning verdict on his old club . city were beaten 4-2 by fierce rivals manchester united at old trafford last weekend . the current squad cost a total of # 368million , host west ham on sunday but a champions league spot next year is still in doubt .
yaya toure , sergio aguero , martin demichelis and eliaquim mangala chose to pull on their woolies for april 's blockbuster manchester derby . temperatures in the north west on sunday afternoon were not exactly soaring - hitting between six and eight degrees celsius .
paul scholes does not believe there is a british manager who can turn fortunes around . scholes believes ryan giggs could lead manchester united into the latter stages of europe 's premier club competition if he is given the chance to succeed louis van gaal at old trafford further down the line .
jurgen klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday . former manchester city midfielder dietmar hamann believes klopp would be the ideal fit as manager there . klopp has already been linked with a number of leading clubs around europe , including city and real madrid .
craig cathcart fired watford into the lead with a stunning strike . the hornets went into the game knowing a win would take them back into the automatic promotion places following middlesbrough 's victory at norwich on friday . chris maguire 's stoppage-time penalty at the goldsands stadium denied the cherries and left watford on top of the pile .
manuel pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around at manchester city next season , according to gary neville . the former manchester united defender has been critical of his side in recent weeks as the reigning premier league champions have seen their chances of retaining the crown slip following a dismal run of form . neville believes keeping faith in man city would bring some much-needed stability to the etihad stadium .
luis suarez scored a double in barcelona 's 3-1 win over psg on wednesday night . the brazilian was brought back from injury to replace countryman and captain thiago silva in the first half against barcelona . the catalans take a lead to the nou camp after the uruguayan 's deadly double .
everton manager roberto martinez admits he would not be able to ease romelu lukaku through the remainder of the season . the belgium international is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend . the 21-year-old has had over the last 10 months taking in the world cup in brazil and then heading straight into a premier league and european campaign .
roberto martinez has not ruled out the prospect of antolin alcaraz or sylvain distin earning new contracts . both centre-backs ' current deals expire this summer and it seems unlikely distin , who is 38 in december and has played more for the under-21s in the last month than he has the first team .
the centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the red devils 22-18 . the build-up dominated by the selection by leigh of former england forward gareth hock . hock spent just 25 minutes on the field in two spells and looked well short of match fitness .
united arab emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 rugby league world cup . while the sport is in its infancy in the middle east , the country 's government is keen to boost the nation 's international profile . the world cup has only ever been hosted by the major countries - australia , new zealand , france and great britain .
huddersfield have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games . they go into sunday 's home game against catalans dragons . paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his side 's misfiring attack to climb up super league ladder . the giants are currently third in the league . widnes are the only team yet to win in four games .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal thanked supporters for their patience when results were going against the team at the start of the season . the dutch manager said it is a great time to be a manchester united supporter right now .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal 's men continued their excellent run of form and a champions league spot looks all but assured now for them after their manchester derby victory . manuel pellegrini is under increasing pressure after a woeful second half of the season for his team .
yaya toure 's defensive lapses are costing manchester city , claims sky sports pundit gary neville . neville says manuel pellegrini 's city were poor for all but the opening 15 minutes against louis van gaal 's side at old trafford .
alex hales and chris woakes will visit to play t20 cricket this summer . the pair called for rethinking of the domestic structure to avoid a repeat of what happened in australia and new zealand . hales was at edgbaston on thursday at the launch of this season 's t20 domestic competition .
kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad . former england star has been surplus to requirements since being sacked 14 months ago after alastair cook 's team whitewashed 5-0 in australia .
andrew flintoff has called on the english cricketing public to show their love for the natwest twenty20 blast . the blast 's stock is at a new high , in its second year and 12th for the twenty20 domestic format , with the england and wales cricket board announcing much-improved advance ticket sales and a clutch of overseas superstars .
michael vaughan is currently in the west indies working as part of the bbc 's commentary team . but in his role as a commentator for test match special the former england skipper put the ultimate curse on cook . cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the one day captaincy at the end of last year .
bayern munich face eintracht frankfurt in the champions league quarter final on wednesday . pep guardiola spoke after defender mehdi benatia was ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury . bayern need four more wins to secure the bundesliga title .
bayern munich travel to porto for wednesday 's champions league quarter-final first leg . bastian schweinsteiger has had a virus for the past few days . pep guardiola has a long injury list to contend with as he aims for domestic and european glory .
manchester city are planning a mega-bid to sign raheem sterling . the liverpool forward is a primary target for manchester city this summer . the transfer window officially opens on july 1 , but deals can be discussed between clubs prior to that date . liverpool value sterling at around # 50million , a fee that city can certain afford .
daley blind played his part in manchester united 's 4-2 derby win over city . the holland international also warned that united need to focus on the end of this season rather than thinking about challenging for the title next year . the 25-year-old has played a significant role in the run of six consecutive wins .
angel di maria and radamel falcao were left on the bench by louis van gaal on sunday . the dutchman has enjoyed his first season at old trafford and needs to be measured against the difficulties two phenomenally talented players have endured . but it also a measure of the qualities that players with only a fraction of their ability are not just keeping them out of the side .
manchester united lost 4-2 to manchester city at old trafford on sunday . the win lifts city four points clear of their rivals in the race for a champions league place . city are five points ahead of fifth-placed southampton ahead of next sunday 's game at home to west ham .
sir vivian richards believes james anderson is a worthy heir to sir ian botham . anderson will earn his 100th test cap on monday when england take on the west indies at the antiguan ground . four wickets in the game would take him past botham 's national record of 383 test wickets .
jimmy anderson needs just three wickets to equal ian botham 's record haul . sportsmail 's lawrence booth spoke to those who knew him and played with him in his early days for burnley , lancashire and england . anderson was known as pro killer during his days with burnley .
alastair cook and his england team-mates share a few words in practice ahead of the first test in the west indies . the england captain is desperate to avoid being distracted by the seismic changes going on all around him . there has been so much happening , from the demise of paul downton , to speculation surrounding the new director of cricket .
kevin pietersen hit oxford 's students for 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game of red-ball cricket for 15 months . he insisted the incoming ecb chairman colin graves has told him everyone has a ` clean slate ' . the 34-year-old 's first appearance for surrey since the lv = county championship in june 2013 .
steve clarke and his players will rally round goalkeeper adam federici . the australian blew his side 's chances of beating arsenal in saturday 's fa cup semi-final . federici was inconsolable after the match and clarke revealed : ` he just wanted to get inside and have his sad moment by himself ' .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on april 13 . brendan rodgers admitted liverpool 's big-game mentality must improve . the liverpool boss had no complaints about their loss in an fa cup . he accepted his side have to do better in the most important games .
jimmy floyd hasselbaink 's side beat morecambe 2-1 on saturday . the dutchman led his side into league one for the first time in their history . the brewers could only draw at wimbledon and the brewers were up . scott shearer sprays his team-mates in champagne as they celebrate victory .
obbi oulare scored as club brugge came from behind to beat anderlecht . the 19-year-old was the reason the scouts from england and germany were in attendance . ruud vormer then scored with four minutes remaining to extend club 's lead at the top of the league to four points .
ashley shupe claims her son kaiden , eight , has tried to choke himself , throw himself from a height , and stop eating . it was a reaction , she claims to repeated ` taunting , bullying and physical assault ' inflicted by one student in his class at oakmont elementary school in dickson county , tennessee , for more than a year since spetember 2013 .
music streaming service spotify analysed over 2.8 million ` sleep ' playlists . the 24-year-old british singer-songwriter is the reigning king of sending music-listeners to the land of nod . he 's thinking out loud features as the top song that people fall asleep to .
video of hummelstown police officer lisa mearkle shooting two bullets into david kassick 's back on february 2 that was recorded by her stun gun has not been made public . her attorneys asked a judge on friday to bar the distinct attorney from releasing the video . a preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for monday .
crystal mcnaughton from long beach , california , filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee . as the lea michele version of the track o holy night plays , footage shows a look of sadness spreading across the tiny infant 's face .
steven gerrard was knocked out of the fa cup in kensington on sunday . the liverpool captain spent the evening in the vip room with friends . he was confirmed he would end his final year at anfield without a trophy . the defeat means there will be no birthday fa cup final for him on may 30 .
michael fyson , 77 , has grown his own fruit and veg for more than 10 years . he and his wife , margaret , 78 , live the good life as they are largely self-sufficient . but the broadway allotment association says soil at the site is ` dreadful ' .
ankit keshri passed away after suffering a cardiac arrest following on-field injury . the 20-year-old collided with a team-mate as they tried to take a catch in a senior one-day match in kolkata . former national team captain sachin tendulkar was among several india stars to offer their condolences at the news .
angel di maria , pablo zabaleta and marcos rojo embraced as they dined at the san carlo italian restaurant on sunday . the united players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by premier league leaders chelsea on saturday . victor valdes was also present as another spanish-speaker .
doncaster face fleetwood town at the keepmoat stadium on saturday . the yorkshire side were beaten 0-0 by fleetwood in the league one clash . the two sides played out a goalless draw at the club 's youtube channel . doncaster 's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights .
jay hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage . he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at mossley afc in tameside was shared on social media . he has now begged for his 25-year-old girlfriend bryony hibbert 's forgiveness .
west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city in the amman derby on sunday . mohammed shatnawi bizarrely scored an own goal by kicking the ball over his head . the al whidat striker closed in on goal and lashed a venomous strike on target . but what happened next , as the ball looped up in the air , is inexplicable .
royal visit to newbury 's opening ended with two near-misses . capel path , ridden by ryan moore and trained by sir michael stoute . the 7-1 shot , making her debut in the five furlong al basti equiworld maiden stakes .
lionel messi has scored so many trebles at club level - 32 to be exact . messi will be hoping to add another to his list when barcelona take on psg in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final on wednesday . the 27-year-old said his hat-trick balls have a special place in his home .
david de gea and victor valdes visit theme park on tuesday afternoon . the pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time just days after united 's impressive win against fierce rivals manchester city . the red devils have been struggling to make the top four earlier in the campaign .
tottenham midfielder christian eriksen spotted kissing girlfriend sabrina kvist jensen in central london . lovestruck couple could n't keep their hands , or lips , off each other as they walked through soho . spurs now sit seventh in the premier league table , seven points off the fourth place they need to qualify for the champions league .
jack wilshere took to social media to thank fans for their support at the emirates stadium on monday night . the england international returned from injury to captain the arsenal 's u21 side against reading . serge gnabry and abou diaby also featured in the game .
christy mack suffered 18 broken bones , a ruptured liver , missing teeth , and a fractured rib , mack was unrecognisable as she fled her las vegas home on august 8 , 2014 . it was the climax , she claims , of an abusive on-off relationship with mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver , known professionally as war machine . she is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see koppenshaver convicted of attempted
chris robshaw is braced for further scrutiny after he was caught on camera holidaying in barbados with girlfriend camilla kerslake . england captain has already talked to andrew strauss and lawrence dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in world cup year .
david alaba posted a video on his instagram of the cast being removed . the austrian has n't had much luck in terms of injuries but is clearly delighted he can now step-up his recovery and return for bundesliga leaders . the versatile star had his cast signed by all his team-mates who arrived in portugal on monday .
fabio borini enjoyed a day out at go ape in delamere forest park on tuesday . the italian striker made the most of the warm weather as he spent the day at adventure park go ape at the cheshire forest . the former sunderland loanee took to social media to share pictures of his day out .
police say witnesses told them that around midnight on saturday three gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where corinthians ' fan group pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass . they ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head . an eighth man was shot but tried to escape , reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died .
serafim todorov beat floyd mayweather in the featherweight division semi-finals at the 1996 olympic games in atlanta . the 45-year-old lives in a remote town in bulgaria while mayweather is one of the richest athletes in the world . the unbeaten american is regularly seen on social media showing off his piles of cash and jewellery .
sergio aguero scored the first of his two goals during city 's 4-2 defeat at the hands of rivals manchester united . it may have gone largely unnoticed in the carnage at old trafford . the argentine forward clinched the premier league title for city with this striker against qpr in 2012 .
briony ingerson posted the image from an ` african-themed party ' almost three months ago . she wrote that the costume was as a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on network ten program ` i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! ' . she used the hashtag #ihopethiscomesoff alongside the photo of herself painted in black , seemingly oblivious that people would take offence from her costume . on tuesday the photo made headlines and ingerson
the bird , which has a five-foot wingspan , stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in ontario , canada , before launching its attack . its eyes never straying from its prey , it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse with its claws .
david raven slotted home the deciding goal four minutes from the end of extra time as caley stunned 10-man celtic 3-2 at hampden park to set up a final showdown with falkirk . raven struggled to describe how he felt following an eventful match which he admitted could have gone either way .
a masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in sydney 's west hours after police started the manhunt . wigram street in harris park was closed as the search for the gunman got underway . shoppers caught up in the potentially deadly incident were unnerved by the shooting .
islamic state has released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos , showing off their growing number of military markets in iraq and syria . even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market , with some of the children wearing their own miniature uniforms . at a time of war when prices are soaring , unsurprisingly none of the items appear to have a price tag in the propaganda photos .
sam schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in orlando in 2000 . his team thought he would never walk , let alone , drive again , according to espn . schmidt completed the difficult task with the help of a semi-autonomous motorcar , or sam car .
the outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . ` wanted !! girlfriend/wife , must love pets ... accomodation available , position may offer company car , phone and laptop , to the ` successful candidate ' . the 31-year-old 's advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors , but is also ` also a princess when need to be ' .
cooperative weather and the efforts of firefighters helped beat back flames sunday that had threatened hundreds of homes near a southern california dam . evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of norco and corona , about 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles .
cincinnati enquirer reports that the tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. sunday . photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle . cincinnati police officer douglas swingley tells the newspaper the woman was the only occupant . he says she was headed north on reading road in cincinnati at the time .
kalimah dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on monday morning . all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble , and in her efforts to get her family back on their feet , she is asking for assistance . in the last four years , she had quit working to enroll full time in school to complete her degree in business management . now she is finding it difficult to get a lease for a new permanent home while being unemployed .
the leaked sony emails are now claiming more victims just days after wikileaks published thousands of the documents and made them easier to search . this time it is bruce jenner , whose alleged gender transition is mocked by the generally soft-spoken and affable cameron crowe . this in an email conversation the director was having with former studio head amy pascal .
jerald christopher ` jc ' jackson , of immokalee , florida , entered an acquaintance 's apartment saturday with two men . police said they took two video game consoles , marijuana and $ 382 from the apartment 's three residents . jackson never returned , but he later called one of the victims .
the clip , posted on instagram and quickly deleted , shows the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her . after the camera cuts to her friends , it then pans back to rihanna holding her nose for several seconds .
villagers in ansai , shaanxi province , in central china , dug a 46m well . but when pumped it to the surface the found it was so polluted it could be set on fire . local officials say they have now launched an investigation into how the water from the well became so polluted .
bulldog named hazel is filmed trying to get the better of a washing basket . video begins with the dog rather erratically jumping onto the basket . with its weight the dog forces the basket over onto its base and lands inside it . the dog then sits casually next to the basket as if nothing happened .
denis cuspert , 39 , sings about planning attacks in britain , germany and france , rapping ` we want your blood ' . this follows reports british police have raised security levels ahead of several world war i commemorative events taking place next week . anzac day takes place on april 25 , honours australian and new zealand soldiers who have died in war .
jay dasilva was part of the chelsea under 19 team that won the uefa youth league by beating shakhtar donetsk in monday 's final in nyon , switzerland . former arsenal and england striker wright took to twitter to praise him . wright has predicted four of the blues side are set for a bright future .
izzy brown has spoken of the incredible weekend that saw him inspire chelsea 's youth team to glory in the uefa youth league either side of a call-up to jose mourinho 's first-team squad . the 18-year-old scored twice in the 3-2 final win over shakhtar donetsk . after the triumph in nyon , brown said he had to come back to england because the first team needed him on the bench .
liverpool beat arsenal 2-1 in the fa cup final at wembley . christian benteke , fabian delph and jack grealish shone on his debut . brendan rodgers praised captain gerrard 's side . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
philipp lahm 's tackle on team-mate at bayern munich 's training ground appeared innocuous enough until a scream of pain pierced the morning air and a frantic wave signalled he was in trouble . physio inspected the damage as players milled round him . muller-wohlfahrt quit this week after a reported rift with pep guardiola .
pep guardiola has denied a rift with hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt . the 72-year-old , who had worked at bayern for almost 40 years , sensationally quit the bundesliga club . bayern had just 14 fit players to choose from at the estadio do drago .
randy lerner missed villa 's 2-1 win over liverpool at wembley . villa chief executive tom fox said the result can get rid of doom and gloom that hung around the club . the american owner backed villa to have a chance of beating his old club arsenal .
jose mourinho is planning a summer swoop for atletico madrid midfielder koke . the chelsea boss travelled to spain on saturday to watch the 23-year-old . the highly-rated spaniard signed a long-term deal with diego simeone 's side .
paul smith has bravely lost his two challenges to arthur abraham in germany . the elder of liverpool 's fine family of four fights brothers will not be boxing for a title . andre ward , still ranked by many among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world despite 17 months out of the ring .
frankie gavin is set to be handed a shot at kell brook 's ibf welterweight world title at the o2 on may 30 . talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised , it is likely that the fight will happen .
manchester united scouts are due to watch inter milan striker mauro icardi against verona at the weekend . icardi has turned down inter 's latest contract offer but talks with the former barcelona junior are continuing . chelsea , manchester city and arsenal have also watched the 22-year-old .
real madrid are keeping tabs on liverpool winger raheem sterling . bernabeu legend zinedine zidane has revealed real are monitoring sterling . the england winger has rejected an offer of # 100,000 a week to extend his stay at anfield . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
flight centre founder and brw rich list alumni geoff harris put the port melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $ 12 million . mr harris accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction on saturday . the buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer .
gareth bale limped off during real 's 3-1 home win over malaga . the welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off . los blancos are also without croatian midfielder luka modric . ten-time european winners real were held to a goalless draw at atletico .
manchester city under 18s face chelsea in the fa youth cup final on monday . jason wilcox is aiming to emulate united 's famous class of ' 92 . the first leg will take place under lights at the impressive stadium . wilcox believes the club have no interest nurturing growth from within .
jay hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club t-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs . his team had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at mossley 's seel park stadium in the final game of the season .
jonathas took advantage of poor control and hesitation by sociedad midfielder markel bergara to steal the ball before racing away unchallenged to score his 10th goal of the season . xabi prieto had the opportunity to equalise for the away side but shot over the bar on the half-hour mark .
nottingham forest are keen on signing jordan rhodes this summer . forest manager dougie freedman failed in a bid to sign the 25-year-old on loan with view to a permanent deal in march as blackburn rebuffed interest from forest , derby , norwich and middlesbrough .
michael frontzek has been named as his successor , signing a contract valid for the remaining five matches of the season . the 51-year-old frontzek worked as an assistant at hannover from 2004 to 2005 . korkut 's departure follows a 4-0 loss to bayer leverkusen on saturday .
lukas podolski has yet to score since arriving in serie a in january . the german world cup winner is currently on loan at inter milan . the 29-year-old says he is ready to fight for his place at the club . the forward was busy preparing for the derby with inter .
terence crawford defeated thomas dulorme in the sixth round of the vacant wbo junior welterweight title . crawford was a two-time wbo champion , winning the latest title in his first fight since moving up in class . the fight ended when crawford delivered a flurry of punches , leading to another knockdown .
lucas matthysse won a majority decision against ruslan provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on saturday night . he landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opened a cut near provodsnikov 's left eye early in the third round .
derry mathews saw richar abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness to be striped of the belt and just this week replacement ismael barroso was forced to pull out after failing to obtain a visa . luis was drafted in at the last minute and while the canadian will have won a lot of fans with his relentless style .
manny pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach says floyd mayweather is undefeated so you have to give him a little credit for that . roach said he rated super-middleweight star andre ward and middleweight sensation gennady golovkin above mayweather despite the american 's unbeaten record .
paddy barnes and michael conlan are both one win away from qualifying for next summer 's olympic games . the pair mischievously claimed that donegal 's seaside town was their destination of choice for a post-olympic break following their respective bronze medal wins at london 2012 .
nicola adams is hoping to become a double olympic gold medallist in rio . the 32-year-old is preparing to return to an english ring for the first time since her london 2012 triumph at the national championships in liverpool next week . the preston fighter has boiled down to the flyweight division in order to challenge for adams ' olympics spot .
jack nicklaus was hugely impressed by spieth 's four-shot win over justin rose and phil mickelson , which saw him set 36 and 54-hole scoring records . the 21-year-old , who was second last year , moved from fourth in the world rankings to second behind rory mcilroy .
caroline wozniacki was forced to defend herself after she congratulated jordan spieth on twitter following his masters success . spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the masters at augusta . the world no 1 finished strongly for fourth .
gael monfils beat roger federer in straight sets at the monte carlo masters . the frenchman beat the former world no 1 6-4 7-6 in a last-16 thriller . the 28-year-old also played with focus and commitment , two attributes which can sometimes be found wanting in the world no 18 .
roger federer defeated jeremy chardy 6-2 , 6-1 in monte carlo . the match was federer 's first since his loss in the indian wells final in march . the 17-time major champion takes on gael monfils for a spot in the quarter-finals .
lewis hamilton has told nico rosberg he will do his talking ` on the track ' . the mercedes duo left shanghai after the chinese grand prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced . but hamilton adopted an air of cool disdain for any psychological battles .
the former england rugby captain was making a beeline to the place marked with a big number ' 3 , with his wife , zara phillips , scampering in hot pursuit . tindall was beaming from ear-to-ear having just seen monbeg dude , the horse whom he owns with james simpson-daniel and nicky robinson , run his heart out and wanted to be in place for when the old warrior , who was sent off unconsidered at
billy vunipola cleared of intentionally headbutting mathew tait . saracens face clermont auvergne in saturday 's champions cup semi-final . the england no 8 had been cited for striking leicester full back matehw tait with his head .
saracens face clermont in the champions cup semi-final on saturday . billy vunipola faces an rfu disciplinary panel on tuesday afternoon . saracens travel to france as underdogs this weekend . the 22-year-old is currently sidelined with a shoulder injury .
james anderson has promised there is more to come as he believes he is still improving as a bowler . anderson broke sir ian botham 's record in the same match which saw him collect his landmark 100th cap for england . the 32-year-old said he is learning to pace himself in order to be able to play more regularly .
australia captain michael clarke believes kevin pietersen could play in this summer 's ashes test series . the 34-year-old has not played for england since the fifth test in sydney , a match england lost to complete a 5-0 series defeat down under .
mcc is operating to a projected budget of # 80million , and hopes work can begin in autumn 2017 . the redevelopment will increase the overall capacity of lord 's , the home of english cricket , to almost 30,000 . if the project goes ahead , a new thomas lord building and new tavern pub will also be included .
siobhan-marie o'connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley . the 19-year-old came comfortably inside the world championships qualification mark . hannah miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and aimee willmott claimed bronze .
harry redknapp has turned down a ` mind-blowing ' offer to coach abroad . the 68-year-old was handed in his resignation at loftus road in february . the former qpr boss was speaking at the announcement of a men united xi vs leyton orient legends charity match .
mauricio pochettino unsure whether a planned boycott will prove a help or hindrance to his side this weekend . newcastle fans are staging mass protest against the current regime at st james ' park . the spurs boss was in a surprisingly upbeat mood ahead of the trip to newcastle .
celtic face inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . ronny deila believes the balance of power in the relationship is all wrong . the match will take place at 12:15 , a time that scotts football fans do not agree with .
karim benzema will miss real madrid 's clash against atletico on wednesday . the french striker missed the champions league quarter-final clash with rivals atletico madrid . mundo deportivo hail ` mister lucho ' luis enrique for his impressive record as barcelona manager .
charlie austin will be monitored by england head coach roy hodgson and assistant ray lewington ahead of the friendly with republic of ireland on june 7 and the euro 2016 qualifier in slovenia . austin has scored 17 goals for queens park rangers this term . theo walcott has been impressed with austin this season .
eniola aluko , lucy bronze , karen carney , jess clarke , kelly smith and ji so-yun have all made the shortlist . chelsea and england forward aluko has been nominated for the pfa women 's player of the year .
manchester city forward toni duggan posted a photo on instagram . the 23-year-old shared an image of her with louis van gaal on sunday . duggan received a number of abusive messages on social media . the england international also issued an apology on her facebook page .
celtic 's treble dream died on sunday with striker leigh griffiths pointing the finger of blame squarely at the officials . a blatant josh meekings handball in the box was missed by referee steven mclean and his team , particularly assistant alan muir . a goal down at the time , inverness fought back and eventually emerged victorious following a pulsating period of extra-time .
celtic beat celtic 2-0 in their scottish cup clash on saturday . josh meekings scored a penalty and a red card for craig gordon . caley boss john hughes says the break could have meant a penalty . celtics have now won the league and are currently fourth in the table .
steve mcclaren 's derby side will make sure of a play-off place with victory at huddersfield . wolves and brentford are both beaten . just two years on from winning the fa cup , wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to brighton .
cherries take on sheffield wednesday at the goldsands stadium on saturday . eddie howe has called on supporters to inspire the cherries to win promotion . watford boss slavisa jokanovic refuses to look beyond birmingham as his third-placed side bid to climb back into the top two .
southampton manager ronald koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of nathaniel clyne this summer as manchester united prepare a bid for england 's first-choice right back . saints are pushing for a top-four finish in the barclays premier league with six matches to go .
the likes of morgan schneiderlin , yannick bolasie and nathaniel clyne are wanted men as champions league heavyweights like arsenal and manchester united circle like vultures . sportsmail looks at 10 players who could be taking a ` step up ' this summer .
manchester united target nathaniel clyne has impressed for southampton this season . the defender has been in impressive form this season as the saints have surprised many with a challenge on the premier league 's top four . saints boss ronald koeman admitted recently that the club face a battle trying to keep hold of the former crystal palace defender .
jermaine beckford 's 10th goal in 19 appearances and callum robinson 's effort had put north end two goals up . but jermaine mcglashan and legge left the deepdale faithful despondent . across lancashire , mk dons closed the gap on simon grayson 's men to three points as lewis baker will grigg and dele alli were on target in the 3-0 victory over fleetwood .
aaron cresswell is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team 's premier league games this season . the full-back has made 32 appearances in the premier league since signing for west ham in july 2014 . sportsmail looks at examples of players who have represented the lower leagues well in the league .
ryan mason was celebrating with tottenham hotspur team-mates andros townsend 's equalising goal for england against italy on tuesday . the 23-year-old 's tattoo was shown across televisions worldwide . twitter user @danorako compared it to a photograph of himself at 12 years old .
former chelsea defender paulo ferreira expects jose mourinho to stay at stamford bridge for ' a long , long time ' . the 52-year-old is leading the blues towards their fourth barclays premier league title in his second stint at the club . former defender ferreir believes his countryman 's desire to succeed .
mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro , marco silvestri , souleymane doukara and edgar cani withdrew from the squad on the eve of the trip to the valley . the club released a statement on sunday evening looking to draw a line under the controversy .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . brendan rodgers has written off manchester city 's chances of signing raheem sterling . city have been heavily linked with a # 50million move for sterling . the champions have also monitored vice-captain jordan henderson .
manchester city have been linked with a move to manchester city . scott sinclair , jack rodwell and adam johnson were signed by the club . mancini was sacked in 2013 and nearly two years on , marwood has a new role at the academy with a spaniard , txiki begiristain .
tottenham will resist any offers for left back danny rose . the 24-year-old is fundamental to mauricio pochettino 's plans . manchester city have considered attack-minded rose . rose is strong going forward but shows off the defensive side of his game against george boyd of burnley .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-finals on may 30 . steven gerrard started the game in an advanced role behind raheem sterling . liverpool adjusted their shape to 4-4-1 formation but midway through the first half . the reds went 4-3-2-1 with gerrie playing deepest of the midfield three .
wojciech szczesny says he feels sorry for adam federici after his mistake in the fa cup semi-final . the reading stopper allowed alexis sanchez 's driven shot to slip through his body in extra-time . federici was inconsolable at the final whistle despite his team-mates and staff .
wojciech szczesny has n't played a premier league game since the 2-0 defeat to southampton in january . david ospina has the highest win ratio of any premier league player to make more than 10 appearances . the poland international is expected to line up in goal for arsenal in saturday 's fa cup semi-final against reading at wembley .
malky mackay came to an end on monday following a 2-0 defeat by derby . sportsmail revealed he was being investigated over ` sexist , racism and homophobic ' texts . dave whelan will also have to accept that his misguided decision to appoint the scot in the first place has cost him his reputation and seriously harmed the image of a fine football club too .
the popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of saturday 's main event . seven races make up the day as they saw saphir du rheu , ridden by sam twiston-davis , take home the betfred mildmay novices ' chase .
the 40-year-old from county antrim has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement . he has promised to call it quits there and then should his grand national ride shutthefrontdoor bring him a second career victory over the world 's most famous steeplechase .
lionel messi has been in sensational form since the turn of the year . barcelona travel to paris for the first leg of the champions league quarter-final . laurent blanc has described messi as ` unstoppable ' as his side prepare to face barcelona at the nou camp on april 21 .
lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo could play together in a uefa all-star match . they would play for ` team south ' - comprised of stars from la liga , serie a and ligue 1 - against a similar ` north ' dream team from the premier league , bundesliga and russian premier league .
lionel messi has issued an ominous warning to his barcelona opponents . the argentine says he is happy again after a disappointing 2014 . the four-time ballon d'or winner said he is back to his best after the 2014 season . messi 's misfortune saw him go to cristiano ronaldo for the second consecutive year .
randy lerner is expected to make a rare appearance at aston villa 's fa cup semi-final against liverpool at wembley on sunday . the american owner is scheduled to fly across the atlantic for the grandest occasion during his tenure since the 2010 league cup final against manchester united .
aston villa beat tottenham 3-3 in the premier league on tuesday . christian benteke opened the scoring with a hat-trick in the first half . the villa boss has scored six goals in eight games . he is now replicating the achievement with tim sherwood .
aston villa beat tottenham 3-3 in the premier league on tuesday . christian benteke opened the scoring with a hat-trick in the 35th minute . he doubled the visitors ' advantage at the end of the first half . the villa boss was relieved of his duties last summer .
liverpool are top of the league with six games to go and only manchester city are better placed , theoretically , with two games in hand to make up a four-point deficit . the slip has n't happened and liverpool are looking strong . this is the last meaningful race among the top teams is between liverpool and city .
paul gascoigne opened the scoring in the 35-yard free-kick at wembley . the spurs midfielder hit a ferocious shot that has gone down as one of the all-time great goals at the world cup . but in 1991 he was fa cup semi-final against arsenal .
harry redknapp was at the emirates to watch arsenal breeze past liverpool 4-1 in the premier league on april 4 . the former tottenham boss claims he had earlier signed autographs and posed for pictures with friendly supporters . but when he was stuck in traffic after the game , a group of supporters began abusing him .
bayern munich are without arjen robben , franck ribery , bastian schweinsteiger and david alaba among others for the quarter-final , first leg in portugal . five-times champions bayern will rely heavily on the scoring prowess of muller and robert lewandowski .
michael carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season as louis van gaal 's side put their stuttering start to the season behind them . the former west ham and tottenham star is not planning to hang up his boots any time soon , but when he does he says he 'd like to try his hand behind the wheel of an f1 car .
jack wilshere was joined by other injury plagued first team players . abou diaby managed to last 56minutes as his own return gathered pace . royals claimed victory after martin keown 's son niall scored the eventual winner with a header in the opening minutes . macey , bielik , pleguezuelo , ormonde-ottewill , o'connor , diaby , maitland-niles , gnabri , crowley ,
chilean star alexis sanchez has been a smash hit since arriving from barcelona last summer and his 20 goals in all competitions have powered arsenal 's season . mclintock made 403 appearances for the highbury club between 1964 and 1973 . the scottish defender has praised his debut-season contribution .
arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions . aaron ramsey 's goal against burnley extended the gunners ' record to 16 wins in their last 18 games . arsene wenger believes the change in fortune is down to him finally having a relatively injury-free squad .
serge gnabry impressed for the gunners last season . the 19-year-old has not featured since the champions league last-16 second leg against bayern munich in march 2014 . the germany under-21 international played for arsenal 's development squad as they lost 1-0 to reading on monday .
david ` flats ' flatman has been driving around the rugby world cup venues preparing for the tournament . london 's olympic stadium is built for athletics and destined to be a football ground . the buzz around the game is palpable , says flats on the drive between stratford and twickenham .
stuart lancaster and warren gatland prop tomas francis impressed up against alex corbisiero . the 22-year-old is yet to pledge his international allegiance . chiefs moved back into the play-off positions with three games to play . but francis could be fast-tracked through the ranks to face england .
sale lost 25-23 at the madejski stadium . tom arscott scored a brace of tries for sale as mike haley claimed the other with danny cipriani kicking two penalties and a conversion . scott steele was a late withdrawal after failing a fitness test with darren allinson coming in at scrum half .
raheem sterling is stalling on a new # 100,000-a-week contract offer . the 20-year-old , who has been linked with a number of europe 's top clubs , has revealed that he 'd love his very own chant from the liverpool faithful .
john carver has challenged his newcastle players to relieve pressure on their shoulders . the reds have slipped to seven points adrift of manchester city . the magpies have slipped out of the top four and out of champions league contention . carver says his players need to relieve the pressure on themselves .
jordan ibe has been absent for the last six weeks after damaged his knee ligaments during a europa league tie against besiktas in istanbul . the 19-year-old spent the first half of the season on loan at derby county but he returned to anfield in january and made an immediate impact .
daniel sturridge has been linked with a number of europe 's top clubs . the 20-year-old was one of four players at the anfield launch of next season 's new balance kit in front of over 1,000 fans . the liverpool striker insists it has nothing to do with money .
atletico madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in european competition . carlo ancelotti must accommodate cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema . chelsea and arsenal have met twice as have barcelona and espanyol and rapid and steaua bucharest .
julen lopetegui does not believe bayern munich 's extensive injury list will a leading role in wednesday 's champions league quarter-final meeting . the bundesliga champions remain hot favourites to reach the last four of europe 's elite competition . pep guardiola only able to name three outfield players among the substitutes for the weekend 's victory over eintracht franfurt .
jose mourinho was bobby robson 's assistant at barcelona and guardiola was in his final years as a player at the camp nou . the picture became the perfect ` guess the caption ' competition the best one having guardiola say to him : ` yeah right , and i 'll manage real madrid ' .
philippe coutinho starred for liverpool in their 2-0 win against newcastle united on monday night . coutinho managed five shots against goalkeeper tim krul . liverpool sold suarez to barcelona for # 75million during the summer . the brazil international signed a new five-year contract with liverpool .
mario balotelli has only scored once in the premier league since his switch to liverpool last summer . sampdoria president massimo ferrero says the talented but frustrating 24-year-old has lost his desire for football and needs to go to stadio luigi ferraris to re-discover himself .
marouane fellaini has gone from old trafford scapegoat to one of the most dangerous forwards in europe . the belgian was signed from everton by van gaal 's predecessor david moyes in the summer of 2013 but endured a terrible first season as he suffered injuries and tried and failed to establish himself as a holding midfield player . now rooney has revealed his admiration for the former everton forward .
marouane fellaini has emerged as an force to be reckoned with in manchester united 's midfield of late , and jamie carragher says jose mourinho will be drawing up a special plan to stop him . chelsea face united at stamford bridge on saturday in the barclays premier league .
former wolves boss mick mccarthy praised the ` belligerent , stubborn and hard working ' qualities of his ` horrible bunch ' of players . wolves fought back to draw 1-1 with benik afobe 's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute after a richard stearman own goal had given ipswich a first-half lead .
more than 400 extra officers drafted in by british transport police . force hare faced with unique set of circumstances and acted swiftly . united head to stamford bridge to take on chelsea in 5pm kick-off . liverpool take on aston villa at wembley on sunday .
manchester city host the hammers at the etihad stadium on sunday . sam allardyce believes pellegrini has the most difficult job in football . west ham united boss believes the pressure of going for back-to-back barclays premier league titles have made the chilean 's job the hardest in world football .
leicester boss nigel pearson has called for realism in their survival quest . they will escape the drop zone if they beat swansea at home on saturday . they also have to face sunderland and burnley away while welcoming qpr to the king power stadium on the final day of the season .
emile heskey , 37 , and goalkeeper adam bogdan , 27 , joined on short-term deals in december . heskey has contributed just one goal , but impressed in his nine championship starts . gudjohnsen has found the net five times in bolton 's goalless draw against liverpool in the fa cup .
dundee boss paul hartley has warned that paul mcgowan may not feature in any of the team 's remaining six games this season . the troubled midfielder escaped a jail sentence but was placed under a restriction of liberty order and confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks .
sean bowen maintained his three-winner lead -lrb- 45-42 -rrb- over cheltenham gold cup winner nico de boinville . the season ends at sandown on saturday . us trainer wesley ward is to aim hootenanny and sunset glow at royal ascot .
dairon asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift portland timbers . cristian maidana opened the scoring for philadelphia with a free kick . the revolution 's charlie davies equalized in the 64th minute . new england extended its undefeated streak to five games .
lyon beat saint-etienne 2-2 at the stade de gerland on sunday night . clinton n'jie gave the hosts the lead midway through the first half . romain hamouma scored a goal either side of the break at home . lille are level on points with reigning champions paris st germain .
aston villa owner randy lerner did n't attend wembley on sunday . the 53-year-old american had been tipped to make a rare appearance . but boss tim sherwood said : ` he 's had a family bereavement so i 'm not sure if he could make it ' .
football in turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack on fenerbahce 's team bus on saturday . meanwhile , a turkish official says police have detained two people suspected of involvement in the attack . the decision to suspend football in turkey affects both next weekend 's super lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals .
the filipino-fighter was joined by an abundance of fans as he tested his fitness against the steepness of some mountain roads . when at griffith park summit the 36-year-old continued with some interval training as well as stretches as the crowds watched on with awe at his fitness .
manny pacquiao will fight floyd mayweather at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2 . the pair will slug it out at the beginning of next month in a $ 300million showdown . mayweather posted a video of his morning run with the 32-year-old .
ronnie o'sullivan will face manchester 's craig steadman in the first round of the betfred world championship . steadman visited the theatre to watch his friend nick dyson play ken doherty in 2001 . defending champion mark selby will play norwegian kurt maflin at the crucible on saturday .
former world champion ken doherty is on the brink of exiting betfred world snooker championships in sheffield . the 45-year-old faces an uphill battle to avoid becoming the third crucible winner to crash out this week . peter ebdon and steve davis have lost in the second round .
ronnie o'sullivan reveals what goes through his mind while waiting for his opponent to finish at the table . the world no 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he 's going to make his dinner or not . ` the rocket ' is widely regarded as one of the most naturally talented players in history .
manchester city lost 4-2 to manchester united at old trafford on sunday . pablo zabaleta admits confidence is low with sunday 's derby loss . manuel pellegrini 's men are fourth and clinging onto a champions league place . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
joe hart was unable to keep out goals by manchester united 's ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling . manchester city are four points adrift of neighbours united and 12 behind runaway leaders chelsea . the 27-year-old has even given up on knocking arsenal out of second place .
louis van gaal 's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches . chelsea , arsenal , tottenham hotspur and southampton sit second and third respectively . manchester united 's record will be put to the test this saturday .
eathan cruse , 19 , said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed . ` he grabbed me , handcuffs me , is like ` what 's your name ? ' , he said . his father , glen , also said he was brutally attacked by police . eathan was released later in the day after his initial arrest .
a nine foot long bull shark was captured swimming past a condo back yard on hikcory island in bonita springs . the beast can be seen just under the water , with its distinctive pectoral fin breaking the surface . residents say fishermen have been chumming the water - throwing in bait - which has been luring the animals back out to sea .
vanessa moe 's debut collection at mercedes benz fashion week australia featured plastic bag-like headwear . other pieces gave the illusion of water being thrown in the models ' faces . those lucky enough to avoid the obscure perspex accessories were treated to thick chokers made from the same translucent material .
australian olympian jana pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child just days after a video surfaced of the elite athlete training while eight months pregnant . the 32-year-old plans to compete in both beijing world championships and the 2016 rio olympics .
manchester united beat manchester united 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . united 's website declared this to be the case and they will rightly revel in sunday 's victory for a while . manuel pellegrini and his players began this season with aspirations of defending their barclays premier league title .
andy lee will be on a winner no matter what happens on saturday night . the 30-year-old arrived in new york on a crest of a wave , a newly crowned world champion eager to lap up the first defence of the title he won so superbly before christmas . quillin failed to make required 160 lbs weight ensuring the battle at the barclays center will have no title on the line .
josh warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against dennis tubieron . the 24-year-old has been billed as the next ricky hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10,000 packed into the first direct arena on saturday night .
carl frampton has branded eddie hearn 's # 1.5 m offer a ` publicity stunt ' . hearn made the offer live on television after talks with promoter barry mcguigan stalled . belfast 's ibf super-bantamweight world champion has called on the matchroom chief to make him a more realistic offer .
alan stubbs did n't know what to make of peter houston 's recent post-match comments into an all-out conflict . hibernian manager alan stubbs said both on saturday * and * . hibs host hib 's on the last day of the championship season .
fiorentina lost 1-0 at home verona in the champions league on monday . mounir obbadi scored from close range after alessandro diamanti missed a second-half penalty for the home side . hellas verona 's head coach andrea mandorlini had no complaints .
the 250-piece collaboration - which included clothing , accessories , and homeware from the designer at target 's lower price point - attracted thousands of enthusiastic shoppers who logged online early and waited in long lines outside target stores . now officially sold out by the retailer , pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on ebay .
the shop , which will stock ` islamically approved ' adult items , is due to open in mecca in saudi arabia after the idea was approved by clerics . it is being led by the owner of am existing dutch halal sex shop called el asira , which is known for its range of sensual oils .
diego simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of premier league clubs in europe . chelsea , arsenal and manchester city were dumped out of the europa league in the last 16 stage . the blues ' players look dejected during their costly draw at home to paris saint-germain last month .
the hartford courant reports seniors carson cross and blake davey were inspired to get involved with the boston-based organization after hearing positive stories from the uconn men 's hockey team . hand will have his own locker and can attend as many games and practices as he likes .
nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song , classic by mkto . video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on . the duo perform a range of moves in time to the beat .
the 45-year-old nba fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo-playing skills . it 's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court tv screen . spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two , malenda meacham .
the 53-second video , posted on youtube , features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate on sunday . about 25 seconds into the clip , the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her . following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy u.s. marshal - grabbed her cell phone and throws it to the ground . after a brief
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica , los angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst . for a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach . finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side , he clutches his head in pain .
manchester united beat stourbridge 1-0 at the glazer family 's takeover . the club 's fourth promotion in their short history sees them come within two more of the football league . fc will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium of their own in may , ending a nomadic existence spent entirely on the road .
manchester united are to hand trials to mk dons teenagers luke tingey and kyran wiltshire . the 18-year-old became a hit on youtube last month when he scored a sensational 40 yard free-kick against swindon in a 5-3 win for mk don under-18s .
diego simeone is hoping to lead atletico madrid to second successive champions league final . the argentina midfielder played 106 times for england during the 1998 world cup . he has been in touch with david beckham 's boot since 1998 . the former manchester united midfielder says he loves playing against the english .
italian goalkeeper gianluigi buffon has been plying his trade in serie a for the best part of 20 years . the seven-time scudetto winner has played with the likes of andrea pirlo , paval nedved and lilian thuram .
real madrid have failed to win any of their last seven games against rivals atletico . wednesday night 's champions league quarter-final second leg will be the eighth time the two teams have met since last season 's final . real needed a late equaliser from sergio ramos and extra-time to beat atleti at benfica 's estadio da luz in may last year .
paul clement is currently a real madrid coach and works next to carlo ancelotti alongside the biggest stars . the rams are hoping to be clinch promotion into the premier league via the play-offs . the 42-year-old has established a reputation as one of european football 's leading coaches in recent years .
joe gomez is wanted by manchester city and arsenal . the england under-19 defender is valued at # 8m by the championship team . city beat chelsea 3-1 in the first leg of the fa youth cup final on monday . gomez has been earmarked to play centre half in the future .
patrickrice evra says sir alex ferguson told him he would make a great coach one day during his time at manchester united . the 33-year-old enjoyed eight years at old trafford , claiming five premier league titles as well as a champions league winners ' medal . evra is currently louis van gaal 's assistant at man united .
football shirt friday got into full swing as celebrities showed off their favourite kits in support of the bobby moore fund for cancer research uk . fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt -- old or new -- in memory of 1966 world cup-winning captain . moore died from bowel and liver cancer on february 4 , 1993 , at the age of 51 , and bianca westwood , rob lee and clare balding were among those showing
martina hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on saturday . the 34-year-old won all five of her grand slam titles by the age of 18 . she was ranked no 1 in the world for 209 weeks - the fourth all-time behind steffi graf , martina navratilova and chris evert .
the fa cup has been through a rollercoaster of emotions over the years . the famous trophy was on show at alton towers theme park in staffordshire . the three-2 victory inspired by aaron ramsey 's late extra time winner . the furthest the royals have reached in the competition is the last four .
andington silva has finally received clearance to make his arsenal bow . the 22-year-old signed for arsenal in january 2011 for a fee of # 3.5 million . but he has not been able to play for the club without a work permit . he will provide another versatile attacking option to wenger 's team .
mario mandzukic was involved in bust-up as he shed blood and sweat against real madrid at the vicente calderon . atletico allowed costa to sign for chelsea on july 1 , 2014 , diego simeone may have fretted about losing his street fighter .
atletico madrid 's vicente calderon has long been a fortress with no team scoring there in the champions league for 663 minutes . last season the chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois was the reason for that but now the man keeping the clean sheets is jan oblak .
wilfried zaha posted a photo on instagram with the caption ` fifa 16 face shots ' . the crystal palace winger helped his side defeat premier league strugglers sunderland 4-1 on saturday . zaha has been in fine form for the eagles since making his move to selhurst park permanent in february .
real madrid striker javier hernandez is set to start up front for carlo ancelotti 's side . the 26-year-old is on a season-long loan from manchester united . barcelona face paris saint-germain at the santiago bernabeu on wednesday .
borussia dortmund coach jurgen klopp revealed on wednesday that he will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract , which was due to expire in 2018 . instead , he will be terminating his agreement with the westphalians in the summer to seek a new challenge , but he has vowed to win as many games as he can before bringing his seven-year reign to an end .
bayern munich sporting director matthias sammer believes his side must focus on the future in order to cope with the eventual loss of players such as philipp lahm and xabi alonso . sammer has warned manager pep guardiola that the club have to ` make plans for the future before it is too late ' .
ivan novoseltsev popped the question after his side 's 1-0 win against torpedo moscow on monday night . he got down on one knee to ask katerina keyru to marry him . the russian international was capped by his country for the first time last month .
 ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run , only to be reinstated the next day after flamboyant owner angelo massone decided to ` give the coaching staff another chance ' . the 41-year-old former inter milan and parma right back capped 25 times by brazil .
benik afobe bagged 19 goals on loan at mk dons before january . the molineux hitman is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season at wigan on saturday . wolves have two games to score before they 've had a chance and that 's the only difference between a top goalscorer and an average striker .
jon a fenced-in artificial pitch , on the edge of one of salford 's most notorious estates , a group of men with what you could call lived-in faces are finishing a game of football . some are dressed in jeans and shoes - they have no kit or boots . stories of strife are swapped .
 paranormal investigator jayne harris , based in shrewsbury , shropshire , said she received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains , nausea and crippling headaches . some reported flashing visions of ` mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse ' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety . one woman , who wishes to remain anonymous , even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of mrs harris and peggy in a car together on march 16 .
zlatan ibrahimovic famously believes the world cup is ` nothing to watch ' without him . the sweden international was suspended for the first leg after he was dismissed against chelsea . the 33-year-old believes messi , neymar and luis suarez will be in awe of him .
the 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at king khalid international airport in riyadh . it shows two male employees recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck . for nearly two minutes the men are filmed throwing or flinging several suitcases without care .
goldfinch , a cambridge-based piano maker , took six months to build it , with every crystal applied by hand . company director tomas norman , whose family has been handcrafting high-end pianos for more than 40 years , said : ` it 's been a delight to bring another customer 's dream to reality ' .
the 37-year-old royal cut an elegant figure during the presentation ceremony . the presentation of the award was bestowed on djokovic by the laureus sport for good foundation . the main ceremony took place in monte carlo instead , with the moment projected onto big screens in front of a glitzy audience of actors and sports stars .
every winter since 2009 the city has come alight with mind-bending light shows projected onto iconic buildings such as the sydney harbour bridge , opera house , customs house and the museum of contemporary art . in 2015 the festival , which also includes a plethora of art , music and theatre shows as part of the exhibition , has expanded its installations outside the cbd . exhibits will still be found at circular quay , the rocks , darling harbour , pyrmont and martin place .
hsbc was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex . the porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 . organisers allowed its registration to retire -lrb- hong kong branch -rrb- . hsbc yesterday removed the hyperlink from its main website .
lihi yona filmed the black pup jumping around in time to the squirts of water . each time the water sprays , the canine flies through the air . other bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the animal in action . after almost a minute the dog shows no sign of slowing down .
roger lohse was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre blaze in southwest miami-dade when his cameraman pointed out something behind him . as the camera zoomed in , live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze .
the video was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning by popular sydney radio duo fitzy and wippa , before quickly being reposted by a spell of other sources . the posting of the video comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered the city experiencing the heaviest rainfall in 100 years .
taylor lynn fast , 21 , told police in festus , missouri , that 17-month-old layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite . fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on sunday , and had not realized that her child was dead .
video shared by the new york times on monday will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory . at the start of the ascent , the film shows the city as an expanse of wild vegetation and marshes before it was settled by the dutch in the 1600s .
campbell is selling a # 20million london townhouse to a company owned by himself . land registry documents suggest the sale was registered the day after higher stamp duty levies came into effect . campbell bought it in 2011 for # 4.25 million after he reportedly staged a sit-in at an estate agents ' .
the four men appeared in turn in a courtroom in dartmouth , near halifax . they were given identical but unusual bail conditions that could see them having to live on a canadian naval base for the next few years . bail was set at over # 2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby stadacona naval base .
giorgio armani , 80 , admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who worked out too much . the milan-born designer has amassed a personal fortune of # 5billion over the length of his 40-year career , emphasised his appreciation of a ` healthy ' look .
video footage shows corporal james bass of north carolina sneaking up behind his son joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop . then , as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took , he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there .
zinedine zidane confident psg can beat barcelona and progress to the champions league semi-finals on tuesday night . psg lost the first leg 3-1 at home last week as barcelona forward luis suarez scored twice . the current ligue 1 champions need three goals in the nou camp .
julen lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form to progress . the spaniard warned bayern remain lethal even though they were missing several big names including arjen robben and david alaba . bayern are also without javi martinez and mehdi benatia .
the rescue sato named bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she ca n't bear to eat alone . in an adorable video posted to youtube by user jeannine s. with nearly one million views , puppy bonnie can be seen lifting her dish to bring it over to her canine friend clyde .
the black bears were spotted in the government hill area of anchorage several days in a row . residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators . they eventually climbed a tree to flee , but are still likely to cause trouble in the area .
jay hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage . he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at mossley afc in tameside was shared on social media . he has now begged for his 25-year-old girlfriend bryony hibbert 's forgiveness .
england will no longer compete in the victory shield as the football association does not believe the competition suits the needs of its young players . wayne rooney , sir stanley matthews , duncan edwards and peter shilton are all veterans of the long-contested under 16 tournament between different associations within the united kingdom .
salford city clinched the evo-stik league first division north title on a 92 points . title rivals darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with warrington town , meaning the manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball . philip neville tweeted this photo of the team celebrating promotion with the caption : ` party still going !! ' .
southend united move into fourth after 1-0 win over bury on tuesday . former bury player worrall struck from 25 yards in the 74th minute . it put manager phil brown 's late-goal specialists , who pinched an added-time winner at exeter on saturday , behind third-placed wycombe only on goal difference .
 mk dons beat doncaster 3-0 in their premier league clash . dean bowditch had only been on for a few seconds when a clearance by mitchell lund hit him on the head and looped into the net . karl robinson hailed the patience of his team as they beat preston .
luke bryant , 25 , was sat with southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at st mary 's stadium . the fan , who arsene wenger thought was from the southampton end , runs to the dugout and gestures . the father-of-two has been banned from going to games for three years .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa at wembley in the capital one cup . kolo toure admitted steven gerrard was ` sad ' after the loss . toure said the club deserves to have a trophy for fans . the former england captain was able to start the match after an injury to lucas leiva in training .
didier drogba has withdrawn from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury that leaves chelsea with no fit strikers ahead of their game against arsenal on sunday . diego costa and loic remy both missed saturday 's 1-0 win over manchester united .
graeme mcdowell believes jordan spieth may not be the only rival rory mcilroy has to face as he looks to complete the career grand slam . the world number one never threatened to claim a first green jacket to become only the sixth player in history to win all four major titles .
justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book . rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in masters history .
caroline wozniacki is seen thanking a succession of people for the ` good week ' she had at the youth tournament held on clay before signing off with a slightly embarrassed . the dane made her french open debut as a 17-year-old and will be hoping to go further than the quarter-final best she managed in 2010 .
will stevens was introduced to st george 's park by michael johnson performance . the 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential f1 drive . the hydrotherapy suite has a main pool , ice bath and jacuzzi .
andrea atzeni will ride terror in wednesday 's landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket . the 1,000 guineas hope , trained by david simcock , is one of six out of the nine entries to hold an engagement . terror finished fourth place in the group one cheveley park stakes over six furlongs at the rowley mile last september prior to her landing a listed event there five weeks later .
oliver sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his cheltenham gold cup conqueror coneygree in newbury 's hennessy gold cup . many clouds would receive weight from his rival . with 11st 9lb on his back , leighton aspell 's mount carried the biggest weight to victory on saturday since red rum won his second national in 1974 at under 12st .
ruby walsh warned riders that balthazar king was receiving treatment . the two-time winner of the national acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the canal turn . thankfully , phillip hobbs 's gelding was able to walk away from his fall , as was walsh 's mount ballycasey .
leighton aspell , 38 , became the first rider since bryan marshall , who won on royal tan and early mist in 1953 and 1954 , to land the biggest jumps race of the year in successive years on different horses . many clouds was a third winner of the race for owner trevor hemmings .
wesley fofana was in scintillating form during his side 's recent destruction of northampton . brad barritt is back to anchor the saracens midfield against the top 14 giants . julien bonnaire may be a flanker and billy vunipola a no 8 .
london welsh have announced a contract extension for olly barkley . the 33-year-old joined the exiles last year , having previously played for bath , gloucester , racing metro , grenoble and the scarlets . he won 23 test caps , the last of which was against new zealand in 2008 .
brian o'driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn english clubs back into a european force . toulon have flexed their financial muscles by recruiting international stars such as brian habana , matt giteau and leigh halfpenny , english clubs have found themselves priced out of the club .
ulster and ireland prop declan fitzpatrick had ` experienced a number of concussive episodes ' in recent seasons , and his symptoms were ` progressively slower to resolve ' . medics at the guinness pro12 province referred him to a neurologist , and after tests it was recommended it would be in fitz pat 's long-term interests to stop playing .
marcelo bosch has signed a contract extension at allianz park . the 31-year-old was the hero of saracens ' european champions cup quarter-final victory over racing metro 11 days ago . bosch booting a penalty with the game 's final kick to secure a 12-11 success in paris .
andy goode accused the 23-year-old of having ` bad values ' for dropping out of a fundraising event for the matt hampson foundation - set up by and named after the paralysed former leicester tigers prop . wade did not attend and clearly infuriated veteran goode , who will join london irish in the summer .
jonathan davies has warned saracens that clermont auvergne are ` sharpening the blade ' ahead of saturday 's champions cup semi-final against northampton . the french outfit are now plotting the downfall of the aviva premiership 's second best side .
williams was awarded a full-time sevens contract in 2012 . he helped england win the tokyo sevens earlier this month . south africa-born williams previously played for hamiltons club in cape town . bath head coach mike ford said ` coming from the world of sevens ' .
sru have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history . the scotland shirt will have bt on it rather than rbs from the summer . sportsmail exclusively revealed last year that bt had agreed to pay # 20m over four years for the naming rights of murrayfield .
sachin tendulkar has paid tribute to a ` promising ' indian cricketer . the 20-year-old ankit keshri had passed away after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury in kolkata on friday . he was only playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man .
ian bell insists england did not underestimate the west indies ahead of the first test . outgoing yorkshire chairman colin graves , who starts work as giles clarke 's successor next month , upped the stakes before the tour started by declaring the hosts ` mediocre ' . the 33-year-old says he never expected england to win the series without a struggle .
liam livingstone has yet to make his first-team debut for the red rose . he plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his 138-ball innings . the 21-year-old believes the innings is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match . livingstone came in at number 3 and smashed a triple-century as the scoreboard shows .
alex hales was unbeaten on 222 not out as the home side reached 393 for seven by stumps . hales scored his runs from 250 balls and shared in a third wicket stand of 171 with james taylor . steven patterson returned the leading figures for the 10th time in his career .
liam plunkett and mark wood impressing in the nets on sunday . moeen ali has joined up with the england squad after missing the first test in antigua through injury . england must decide whether to stick with the attack that failed to force a first test win or twist .
kevin pietersen was making his first lv = county championship appearance since june 2013 in the hope of finding a way back into the england set-up . the surrey batsman fell for 19 after appearing to be ready to build on the 170 he made against the oxford students last week . the 34-year-old came to wicket just after lunch with surrey well placed on 111 for two and he was soon into his stride with two boundaries .
mark selby beat kurt maflin 6-3 in the first round of the betfred world championship . the 31-year-old has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on . he is equipped with the form to be a repeat winner , having lifted the german masters and china open titles this year .
caster semenya reclaimed the south african 800-meter title on saturday . the former 800 world title-holder and 2012 olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes , 5.05 seconds in stellenbosch , near cape town . she said the world championships in august were ` the aim ' .
mark selby is one of only 21 players in history to have hit 147 breaks in professional competitions . the world champion will have to negotiate both if he is to make history in sheffield . maflin demonstrated those gifts in demolishing steve davis 10-1 in qualifying . but he ought to be a significantly different proposition , having won two titles this season ahead of his defence .
michael phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series in arizona . the 18-time olympic gold-medallist was suspended by usa swimming for failing a drink-driving test . phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio de janeiro .
liam phillips won the 2013 bmx world title and was the world cup series champion in 2014 . the somerset ace plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in a bid to arrive at the start gate in rio full of confidence . the 26-year-old hopes to use this year to hone his tactics ahead of the 2016 olympics .
aaron cook applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici . the british olympic association announced on thursday that they had ratified the 24-year-old 's move . aaron cook has refused to fight for great britain since may 2012 .
arsenal lost 3-2 to middlesbrough at the riverside stadium on monday . goalkeeper deyan iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after he scythed down harry chapman in the box . emmanuel ledesma converted the resulting penalty past substitute stopper matt macey .
juan mata insists his side can be proud of their performance during saturday 's defeat by chelsea and manchester united . mata scored the only goal of the game as louis van gaal 's side 's six-match winning run came to an abrupt end . the blues opened up a 10-point gap over closest rivals arsenal .
tony pulis will be the only manager in the premier league with more than 12 months experience who has never finished higher than 11th . the 57-year-old has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the table . pulis is still favoured to keep albion up this time .
steve bruce admits his side need some ` crazy results ' if they 're going to avoid relegation from the league . tigers head to southampton on saturday without a win in five games . bruce hopes the unpredictable nature of this season 's top flight will continue into the final weeks .
leicester beat swansea 2-0 at the king power stadium in february . andy king 's tap-in meant leicester have scored two or more goals in a fourth consecutive top-flight match for the first time since may 2000 . the argentine has sprinkled high quality to their midfield , winning possession and conducting play like a grand master plots chess moves .
newcastle owner mike ashley has been warned he risks creating a lost generation of supporters if he fails to invest in the club . thousands of fans stayed away from sunday 's barclays premier league defeat by tottenham at st james ' park in protest at the way the sportswear tycoon is running the club , with the official attendance of 47,427 - the capacity of the stadium is in excess of 52,000 . protesters are calling for a repeat when swan
alan pardew 's five-game winning run was crucial to newcastle 's season . newcastle fans protested for the board to sack pardew as manager . the 35 points on which they currently reside will probably be enough to renew their top-flight status . pardew cut a resigned and wounded figure following a 1-0 defeat at stoke .
crystal palace winger yannick bolasie scored a hat-trick in just over 10 minutes at the stadium of light on saturday . the eagles have 25 points from a possible 36 under his care and the table for 2015 alone has the the e eagles soaring in fifth , two points behind champions elect chelsea .
sam allardyce 's current contract expires at the end of the season . swansea boss garry monk has been touted as a potential replacement . the 36-year-old has overseen a solid season in the league so far this term . west ham are four points better off than the hammers .
dele alli is excited by the prospect of playing under mauricio pochettino . the 19-year-old has been loaned back to his boyhood club . alli has been key to karl robinson 's side , scoring 16 goals in 41 appearances . click here for all the latest tottenham news .
ryan hardie scored a brace as rangers beat dumbarton 3-1 on saturday . the 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances before facing the sons . rangers boss stuart mccall fulfills his promise of fielding more academy players . nicky clark 's horror miss was not the start ibrox boss was looking for .
stuart mccall insists rangers will not be a major disaster if his side are forced to play two extra games to reclaim their premiership return . the gers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the championship . rangers finished third and fourth facing off over two legs .
dave king has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman until he can persuade the governing body 's professional game board that 41 convictions under south african tax law are not a breach of sfa regulations . king also faces questions about his role as a club director when the oldco ibrox outfit plunged into liquidation in the summer of 2012 .
danny ings has impressed at burnley this season . mario balotelli and rickie lambert are set to leave liverpool at the end of the season . liverpool have made their play for ings but his concern has always been that he gets a fair chance of making a starting place his own .
fc united of manchester 's new 5,000-capacity stadium broadhurst park is nearing completion in the seventh tier of english football . there are no pyramids , hanging gardens or light houses but there is a sweeping terrace , a series of football pitches and floodlight pylons .
tehsin nayani spent six years speaking for manchester united 's silent owners . the former spokesman for the glazer family has written a book . the book challenges popular perception about the us bosses who succeeded in a debt-burdening # 800m takeover in 2005 . the glazers ' takeover was met with huge protests by supporters in 2004 .
premier league clubs looking for players at barcelona and real madrid this summer will find a team 's worth . bara want limited departures from the first team this summer because they ca n't sign players until january but they also want to blood young players from their b-team out on loan at higher leagues . martin odegaard will need a loan club . sportsmail look at 10 potential clasico exports .
wojciech szczesny was joined by friends and family for a special 25th birthday surprise following the fa cup semi-final . the poland international had played the full 120 minutes it took for the gunners to grind out a 2-1 win in extra-time over reading . the goalkeeper was clearly touched by the efforts of his girlfriend .
john carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of newcastle united . the 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with mike ashley 's running of the club . results on the pitch have lost five on the spin .
aaron cresswell has been linked with a move to manchester city . the west ham star has had a fine debut season in the premier league . but allardyce believes that city 's previous british purchases speak volumes and that the 25-year-old should remain where he is .
johann gudmundsson scored his first-half effort as charlton come from behind to earn a point . ross mccormack headed over a stranded stephen henderson with just eight minutes played in london . fulham are eight points clear of millwall and bar a miraculous resurgence .
tottenham boss mauricio pochettino believes harry kane and ryan mason have not been able to show consistency since they returned from england duty . kane has been one of the stars of the premier league , scoring 29 goals in all competitions for tottenham . the england forward has been nominated for both pfa player of the year .
juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league on tuesday night . massimiliano allegri 's starting line-up had an average age of 30 years 64days . andrea pirlo played 74 minutes against monaco before being replaced by team-mate andrea barzagli .
ashley young is finally feeling like a senior member of the manchester united squad . the 29-year-old moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa . young says easing himself in was only natural when he had to meet his new team-mates and get used to a different dressing room .
amir khan has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential # 5million pay day against kell brook at wembley on june 13 . reports in america suggested television network showtime were not interested in showing a fight between him and algieri . khan said he will not be fighting adrien broner despite the brash american calling him out on twitter while miguel cotto was another name ruled out .
manny pacquiao took to instagram to show off his ripped physique . the filipino said of meeting los angeles lakers guard lin : ` thank you @jlin7 for coming to show your support . thank for showing your love for the lord and being a good example ' .
newcastle united goalkeeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half-time . the newcastle united keeper 's instinctively friendly gesture towards the man who had just scored a brilliant goal past him took place with 45 minutes yet to play . sportsmail 's jamie carragher has lambasted the dutchman for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional .
tomas berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters . raonic called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time to trail 5-2 in the first . the canadian will face either grigor dimitrov or gael monfils in the final .
rafael nadal beat john isner 6-4 7-6 -lrb- 7/5 -rrb- in the monte carlo masters . the world number three will now face grigor dimitrov in the semi-finals . the american was unlucky to not come away with the victory .
grigor dimitrov beat stan wawrinka 6-1 , 6-2 to his first masters quarter-final of the season . the swiss no 2 played like he was in a hurry and not in a good way . he made four unforced errors in a row to surrender his serve .
jose mourinho earmarked ecuador forward in january as he chased juan cuadrado and douglas costa from shakhtar . chelsea have been weighing up various strikers with loic remy struggling to maintain fitness and didier drogba turning 37 last month .
patrick bamford scored in middlesbrough 's 2-1 win over wolves on tuesday . the 21-year-old has been prolific in his loan spells at boro , derby and mk dons . sportsmail understands his parent club are opening talks with him over a new deal .
wojciech szczesny will start in goal for arsenal for fa cup clash . polish goalkeeper has been deposed as arsenal 's no 1 . arsene wenger confirmed the polish international will play ahead of david ospina against reading at wembley on saturday .
steve clarke has yet to see that from one of his teams during his managerial career . reading have struggled in the championship this campaign . arsene wenger 's side are the in-form side in the premier league going into their fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday .
steve clarke says the fa cup needs protecting after dubious scheduling decisions . earlier in the competition the third round ties were split over five days . reading had to play their fa cup replay against bradford in the last round on a monday when they had played a championship match two days previously .
jessica ennis-hill , mo farah and greg rutherford take part in the sainsbury 's anniversary games . all three won their gongs on super saturday three years ago in the heptathlon , 10,000 metres and long jump respectively . tickets are now on sale to the general public at britishathletics.org.uk .
adrian heath is manager of the new mls team orlando city . heath has been here for eight years now and witnessed the process at first hand , going from the backwoods of the usl to the major leagues that orlando have been elevated to this season . the 53-year-old speaks of the game 's expansion with an almost missionary zeal .
nbc host rebecca lowe has helped to improve coverage of the premier league in america . the trio , plus pitchside analysts lee dixon and robbie mustoe , will also be at the manchester derby at old trafford on sunday and at anfield for liverpool-newcastle on monday .
manchester city players trained on wednesday ahead of their clash at home to west ham . sergio aguero was back to his menacing best as he took part in shooting practice against goalkeeper joe hart . yaya toure and samir nasri are reportedly two players who could leave the club in the summer .
david villa cheered on former club atletico madrid during champions league quarter-final first-leg clash with real madrid . the world cup-winning star joined mls newcomers new york city fc after struggling to secure a regular first-team spot in the spanish capital . the 33-year-old has been named club captain .
eight of united 's first-team squad and six from city are from spain or spanish-speaking countries . they are david de gea , victor valdes , juan mata , ander herrera -lrb- all spain -rrb- , marcos rojo , angel di maria , antonio valencia , and falcao , jesus navas and david silva . nine english-speakers are expected to be in the two
ufc women 's champion ronda rousey reinforced her support for manny pacquiao in his may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather . the undefeated ufc bantamweight title holder has made it clear she is in underdog pacquovic 's camp in the lead up to the fight .
the build-up for the blockbuster fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 steps up a gear . the session will be streamed live across the world and you can watch it here from 12am uk -lrb- 7pm edt -rrb- .
the filipino icon will be put through his paces at the iconic wild card gym in los angeles this evening under the watchful eye of trainer freddie roach . after mayweather was almost two hours late for his workout , pacquiao has promised to be on time . click here for more boxing news .
manny pacquiao is a multi-talented individual having tried his hand at basketball and acting during his professional career in boxing . the filipino boxer is joined by several of his compatriots as he sings and performs in ` i 'm fighting for filipinos ' music video shows his fellowriots in derelict areas of the asian country .
the referee for floyd mayweather 's clash with manny pacquiao in las vegas next month will earn $ 10,000 -lrb- # 6,800 -rrb- . the fight at the mgm grand on may 2 is expected to draw revenue of around $ 400m with both fighters picking up huge pay days .
floyd mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a bugatti . the # 1.5 million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later . obi okele , who owns fusion luxury motors , was interviewed on mayweather 's facebook page and spoke about the very late phone call he received .
floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of manny pacquiao next month . mayweather 's personal chef reveals that he loves his snacks , swapping healthy food for sweets and fizzy drinks on ` snack day ' .
theo walcott has got just over 12 months left on his current # 90,000-a-week deal which has alerted liverpool and manchester city . the 26-year-old is scheduled to sit down with gunners chiefs over the next fortnight as the club look to resolve his future one way or another .
atletico madrid supporters have stopped fretting about departures . david de gea became thibaut courtois , who looks to have become jan oblak . diego forlan became sergio aguero , became radamel falcao . jorge mendes has worked closely with the club .
philipp lahm spoke to pep guardiola ahead of champions league quarter-final tie against porto . the world cup winner was speaking to the bt sport pundit as part of a special documentary ` inside bayern munich with owen hargreaves ' . the documentary airs saturday at 10pm .
atletico madrid centre back miranda lambasted serbian referee milorad mazic . the brazil international criticised maziic 's display at the vicente calderon . miranda and his atletico team-mates were left riled when he failed to punish sergio ramos for what appeared to be an elbow on mario mandzukic .
mario mandzukic was the centre of attention in on-pitch scraps with sergio ramos , raphael varane and carvajal during the champions league quarter-final first leg . the croatian striker was on the receiving end of a number of hits from real defenders , even having his face cut following a ramos elbow .
real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid at the vicente calderon on tuesday . cristiano ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him . gareth bale left it knowing that once again the fingers of blame will be pointing at him .
real madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals atletico in the champions league . barcelona face paris saint-germain in the french capital on april 22 . atletico 's jan oblak said no 's slovenian goalkeeper , who is not even his country 's no 1 , prepares to save a shot from gareth bale .
leicester city beat west brom 1-0 at tottenham on saturday . yannick bolasie scored three as crystal palace shoved sunderland closer to the drop zone . arsenal kept up their impressive form with a 1-1 win over burnley . tim sherwood returned to white hart lane and beat the club who ditched him last summer .
wilfried zaha has rediscovered his form at crystal palace this season . the 22-year-old winger was signed by then old trafford boss sir alex ferguson in january 2013 from crystal palace for # 10million . zaha made just four appearances for manchester united in two years with the club .
former manchester united midfielder has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film . the french film has a number of racy scenes , and at one point sees cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear . the 48-year-old is adamant it is ' a work of art ' and ` beautiful ' .
lionel messi is not the best player in the world , according to eric cantona . the argentine was speaking at the laureus world sports awards in shanghai . the former manchester united forward has three goals and five assists this season compared with messi 's 45 goals for barcelona and cristiano ronaldo 's 51 for spanish rivals real madrid .
eric cantona believes manchester united are ` kings of the city ' after beating manchester city on sunday . the former united striker made a rare foray into football matters at the laureus sports awards in shanghai . cantona once professed his desire to be the manager at old trafford but has changed his mind .
kieran lee sucker punch levelled through yann kermorgant and then had a man sent off . chris maguire converts injury time penalty so salvage a draw for sheffield wednesday at dean court . the owls held bournemouth to a draw on their home turf .
eddie howe was at a loss as to why his bournemouth side were not awarded a ` clear-cut ' penalty in their 2-2 draw with sheffield wednesday . the cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the sky bet championship going into stoppage time after yann kermorgant and matt ritchie scored . but it was the failure of referee paul tierney not to give the hosts their 16th spot-kick of the campaign in the
marco verratti has praised zlatan ibrahimovic for playing an ` essential ' role . the 33-year-old striker has bagged 17 ligue 1 goals for laurent blanc 's side this season . the swedish striker was suspended for the club 's champions league quarter-final first leg against barcelona last week .
julen lopetegui has masterminded an unbeaten champions league campaign for porto this season . ricardo quaresma scored twice as porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in the first leg of their quarter-final . the portuguese side are unbeaten in the competition .
napoli beat wolfsburg 3-0 at the volkswagen arena on thursday night . manolo gabbiadini made it four minutes after replacing hamisk from the bench . nicklas bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts after giving the visitors a four-goal advantage .
petr cech has fallen behind belgian shot-stopper thibaut courtois in jose mourinho 's pecking order this season . cech posted a youtube cover of ` magnificent ' by u2 . the 32-year-old is expected to leave stamford bridge this summer .
jurgen klopp is leaving borussia dortmund after seven seasons in which he has won two bundesliga titles , the german cup and reached the champions league final , in 2013 at wembley . klopp laughed at questions and joked with his boss , michael zorc .
todd phillips was hit by a car during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana . he spun out of control in the wet conditions as he tried to get out the way . the rear end of the car made contact with the pit crew worker sweeping his legs from underneath him .
arjen robben has missed his side 's last four matches due to abdominal injury . the holland international is expected to miss the upcoming champions league tie against porto . robben is close to returning to full fitness and plans on returning for bayern 's cup match against borussia dortmund .
real madrid trio alvaro arbeloa , asier illarramendi and nacho have given adidas an exclusive tour of their state-of-the-art training complex . the former liverpool defender explained what ciudad real madrid , the name given to the la liga outfit 's training ground .
manchester city have defended price hikes after some fans saw the cost of their season tickets almost double . some etihad season tickets have been upgraded and now come with a different package . some fans will now have to pay over # 1,700 to watch manuel pellegrini 's side .
david silva was caught in the face by cheikhou kouyate 's elbow . the manchester city star was carried off in the win over west ham . he went to hospital as a precaution but later posted on social media . the club announced on monday that tests showed no fracture .
russia have been awarded a 3-0 walkover victory in podgorica . montenegro have been suspended for two years while fining the nation # 36,280 . players from both sides were involved in a brawl before referee decided to abandon the game . german referee deniz aytekin called the goalless game off after 67 minutes .
manchester united beat city twice in the fa cup semi-final in 2009-10 . marouane fellaini gave the red devils an advantage they never looked like relinquishing . chris smalling showed his hunger to beat a lethargic city defence to add a fourth to give the score more gloss .
manchester city lost 3-1 to chelsea in the fa youth cup final first-leg . manuel pellegrini and patrick vieira were in attendance to watch the club 's under 18s side take on the club . city have invested millions into ready-made first-team stars .
monaco lost 1-0 to juventus in their champions league quarter-final first leg . leonardo jardim was furious after his side lost to alvaro morata . the decision will add to calls for the use of video replays as it was still not fully clear what happened .
chelsea do consider sponsorship interests when signing new players . jose mourinho insists the blues would never sign someone who is n't good enough . the 22-year-old international would be the first japanese player to sign for chelsea if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer .
patrick bamford hopes his long-term future will be at stamford bridge . the chelsea loanee beat ipswich town 's daryl murphy and watford 's troy deeney to win the award at sunday night 's football league awards . the 21-year-old has scored 17 championship goals for middlesbrough this season .
sheffield wednesday chief executive paul aldridge will leave the club at the end of next season . adam pearson and glenn roeder will work alongside head coach stuart gray . chairman dejphon chansiri said the trio would form ' a three-man sporting director by committee ' at hillsborough .
jamie carragher says mike ashley has turned newcastle into a ` boring ' club . the billionaire owner says he only wants to make money . the former liverpool man says he 's alarmed at the state newcastle are currently in . he says he is alarmed at what has become of newcastle .
moeen ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for liverpool 's fan club in pakistan . the lifelong liverpool fan , 27 , has been called up for england 's final two tests in the west indies . the pak reds , founded in 2011 and granted official supporter club status two years later .
tamim iqbal and mushfiqur rahim scored centuries as bangladesh made 329 for six and pakistan could only muster 250 in reply . the second odi takes place in mirpur on sunday . banglades elected to bat after winning toss but struggled to 67 for two in the 20th over . soumya sarkar was run out by wahab riaz for 20 and mahmudullah -lrb- five -rrb- was
hull kr beat bradford bulls 50-30 at the odsal stadium . winger josh mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for hull kr . it was only the east yorkshire side 's second cup tie success since reaching the quarter-finals in 2011 .
aaron murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as huddersfield beat catalans dragons to end a three-match losing run . murphy went over in the left corner on 15 minutes from jake connor 's pass . ukuma ta'ai caught and off-loaded a kick from danny brough on 37 minutes .
gary cahill has won four cups with the stamford bridge outfit since joining in january 2012 . the england defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet . the defender believes chelsea were taught some important lessons last season , when they finished third , which has caused them to develop a more clinical touch to their performances .
laurent blanc says his side face almost impossible mission trying to turn around champions league quarter-final against barcelona . ligue 1 champions were swept aside in their own stadium last week by a dominant barca led by a lethal luis suarez . zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti back from suspension for the second leg but thiago silva joins thiago motta among the injured .
javier pastore has dismissed eric cantona 's suggestion that he is the greatest footballer on the planet . the former manchester united forward believes lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo are a class above him . paris saint-germain face barcelona in the second leg of their last-eight champions league tie on tuesday .
sean reardon was stopped by police as he drove through chico in california and claims once he was out of the car he was wrestled to the floor by two officers who then hit him with a baton or stick . video footage of the incident has emerged and shows the 30-year-old being repeatedly hit by an officer as he lay on the road . it is likely to inflame tensions in america about police brutality after a number of high profile incidents of beatings and
sizzling 46c and the south australian city was the hottest place on the planet . the temperature had climbed above 40c for a whole week and even the aussies were struggling . but adelaide that week was also hot for other reasons . sian meets team sky 's geraint thomas and sir chris hoy .
eddie hearn has unveiled a cheque with his # 1.5 m purse offer to carl frampton . the ibf super-bantamweight champion will book a july 18 date at manchester arena . but hearn 's promoter , cyclone promotions , released a press release in response to the offer , claiming they were awaiting formal communication .
andy lee is making the first defence of the wbo middleweight title he won against matt korobov last year . the irishman is confident he is ready for anything the former champion has in his locker . lee works out with trainer adam booth at the barclays centre ahead of his fight against peter quillin .
a protective dad created this t-shirt to keep the boys away from his daughter - and she does n't look happy about it . kit dale , a two-time world pro brazilian jiu-jitsu champion from melbourne , australia , shared the image to his facebook page on sunday . by wednesday , the image on his page had been liked by 370,000 facebook users and had been shared more than 45,000 times .
bridget olinda garcia , 32 , had confiscated her 13-year-old 's mobile phone and was preparing to leave their home in port st. lucie , south-east florida . after bundling his three siblings into her car , garcia started reversing down her driveway , when the teenager jumped onto the hood . garcia is charged with child abuse for the incident .
author gordon thorburn called wooden buildings a ` male necessity ' - somewhere were they could do some woodwork , pot some plants or even just read the newspaper in peace . but now the female sex and demanding a place at the bottom of the garden they can call their own - a she shed .
the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves shortly after debuting on sunday morning . lilly leas , the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late palm beach fashion trendsetter , managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online . meanwhile , mrs pulitzer 's own daughter liza wanted a beach chair - but missed out .
youtube star cassey ho has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video , highlighting the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips . she has over two million subscribers , so fans may have been surprised to learn that the negative comments left under the california resident 's fitness videos still manage to get under her skin . but though mean and critical messages may have put a dent in the 28-year-old 's self-esteem , the workout pro is getting the
celtic will surely fire off a stiff missive seeking clarification on the reasons . the prospect of a treble evaporated last sunday , an afternoon ronny deila now describes as the worst of his career . dundee 's simon ferry challenges greg stewart and jason denayer .
 commercial diver johnny debnam was free diving in water four metres deep . he was holding his breath and diving down to the depths of the ocean . the 29-year-old commercial diver was completely enveloped underneath the stingray . mr debnam is experienced with marine life and in marine life .
eric abidal believes his former club barcelona have the potential to secure a treble by winning la liga , the champions league and the copa del rey this season . luis enrique 's side coasted past paris saint-germain to take up a semi-final place in the competition .
steven pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season . the 33-year-old midfielder has made just 11 appearances for toffees this season due to groin , knee and knee injury . he returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with swansea city earlier this month .
danny welbeck is a credit to his family and his easy-going manner means he must a dream to work with . we discussed life at arsenal , scoring against manchester united and his fa cup dreams . you can watch the full interview on football focus on bbc one from 5.05 pm .
chelsea have turned to the latest fitness technology to carry them over the line towards the premier league title . the blues are currently seven points clear with a game in hand over their closest rivals and seven games remaining ahead of the weekend 's visit of manchester united . technogym has kitted out chelsea 's cobham training centre with state-of-the-art equipment .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao have shown off their toned physique . the fight takes place at las vegas , mgm grand garden arena on may 2 . the filipino boxer has been keen to show off his impeccable athletic body . the undefeated world champion puts his 47-0 record on the line .
radamel falcao spent his thursday evening in the company of jonas gutierrez . newcastle united defender was given a standing ovation at anfield . the 29-year-old has been linked with paris saint-germain , juventus and valencia in recent weeks .
raymond van barneveld won ` the battle of holland ' against michael van gerwen . the reigning premier league darts champion started well and found himself 2-0 up . the 54-year-old rampaged to victory over chisnall in his two previous outings .
a private funeral service attended by ex-players shane warne and ian chappell was held on wednesday for former australia cricket captain and commentator richie benaud . benaud died last friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer . australian prime minister tony abbott extended the offer of a state funeral to benaut 's wife , daphne , which she declined . mr abbott said the offer was a mark of respect for a
nacer chadli , christian eriksen and harry kane 's 30th of the season condemned them to a 10th loss in 14 . the swedish midfielder 's curling free-kick misses his team-mates and tim krul in the newcastle goal . tottenham beat newcastle 3-1 in the premier league on the bounce .
manchester city beat west ham 2-0 at the etihad on sunday . sergio aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put manchester city ahead . david silva and jesus navas had players far too accomplished for the quality of this opposition . the argentine striker sprints away in celebration after a fine flowing counter attack by the home side .
real madrid close gap on barcelona to just two points at the top of la liga . gareth bale and luka modric were substituted as carlo ancelotti 's side struggled to overcome a spirited malaga . cristiano ronaldo missed a penalty but provided goals for sergio ramos and james rodriguez .
josh meekings was charged over the handball that thwarted a leigh griffiths effort in their semi-final victory . the incident prompted celtic to write to the sfa seeking ` an understanding ' of why no penalty and red card followed . northern irishman boyce believes the only potential punishment should be levelled at match referee steven mclean and his assistants .
divock origi has revealed that compatriot simon mignolet has been helping him prepare for the ` special feeling ' of playing at anfield . liverpool signed the 20-year-old for # 10million last summer . origi was loaned back to former club lille .
fifa and uefa have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations ' independence in running their own affairs . the greek government wants to stamp out incidents such as this in a march aek athens-olympiakos match . the bill will be reviewed by the cultural affairs committee from april 27-30 .
manchester united lost 3-0 at home to rivals liverpool and manchester city . louis van gaal has propelled united back into the top four , despite an up-and-down season . united have already won more league points than they did last season . they are still five matches left under moyes .
the 50-year-old collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the rooftop restaurant on the fourth floor of the 101 legian hotel in kuta . he was unable to be revived , but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack . an autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death .
the outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on thursday . the red 4wd was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle . the fire caused traffic delays throughout the international terminal due to heavy smoke .
tegan peters , 22 , from auckland new zealand said she immediately wanted to warn her pakuranga community after finding a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in ti rakau park , south of auckland . ms peters said she noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over , thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old rottweiler-cross , odin . ` there were upwards of 20 needles in the tennis
michael j from michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup , zayla . footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up .
at the ballon d'or ceremony in january carlo ancelotti and diego simeone were runners-up as joachim low won the best coach award for guiding germany to the world cup . as the two men small-talked in zurich , simeones is understood to have asked acelotti how life was in madrid . he said he was happy in the city and keen to stay .
the suitcases whizz round on the belt , out of nowhere a mechanical arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track . the mechanism appears to work on a sensor system , ensuring it strikes out at the centre of the luggage so as to not spin it , but what might shock is the force of the action .
holidaymakers who announce they are going on a two-week trip or regularly post selfies from the beach on facebook while they are away could find their insurer refusing to pay out . this is because most insurers have a ` reasonable care ' clause , meaning firms do n't have to offer up cash if they can prove people were n't careful enough in protecting their possessions .
warren sapp made many highlight-reel plays during the course of his hall of fame career , but the former nfl star might be better remembered for his off-field exploits thanks to a new video . sapp was arrested the night after the super bowl in phoenix , arizona , on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women . in a police video released on monday , sapp cries , cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on fe
ron aydelott , head coach for the riverdale high school warriors in murfreesboro for nearly ten years , suffered serious facial injuries in the attack . the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt ` disrespected ' . the boy was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault .
sergey burkaev , 16 , and konstantin surkov , 17 , are said to have raped their last victim before slitting her throat . the vodka-fuelled duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west russia , according to prosecutors . the baby-faced pair apparently fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers , who saw the vehicle being driven erratically . if convicted , surkov and burka
man , who has not been named , was pulled up from the rails of the washington , d.c. , metro system by two men who leaped down after him . rescuers , who also have not been identified , sprang into action after seeing the man 's wheelchair unexpected roll over the lip of the platform on tuesday afternoon .
paul warren smith , 61 , was identified as the man in a white marshall independent school district van seen in surveillance video tossing five , 3-week-old puppies over a chain-link fence just before noon on saturday . ` it appears the man was trying to do the right thing , of getting the animals to the proper place to take care of them , ' captain john best with the marshall police department told ksla . all five puppies are healthy and uninjured ;
passengers disembarked to find empty arrivals hall at terminal 3 . but by the time they finally arrived three hours later , they disembarked . schoolteacher clinton lakin , 46 , called the lack of security ludicrous . he said : ` every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in britain ' .
the incident was captured on a dashcam by a passing motorist . but one driver in a silver mercedes obviously was n't prepared to wait in the queuing traffic on the outside lane . but to his shock , a silver renault then pulled into the inside lane to block the mercedes from advancing any further .
pm turned clock back to ape john major 's election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address the party faithful . mr cameron promised at the weekend that he would ` take to the streets ' to defend the tory record and urge voters to reject both labour and ukip .
videoed outside by its owner tracy , the young german shepherd named kali bounces about the decking playfully while its mother relaxes on the floor . after creeping up on kali , the mother begins nudging the young dog with her nose and obediently kali makes a complete turn .
the 20-day-old ` spider goat ' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs . xiao qibin , owner of the farm , said the baby goat is growing quickly and healthily with ` an extraordinary appetite ' . he started running his goat farm in chaohu in anhui province about a year ago and owns more than 400 goats .
celtic lost 3-2 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . manager ronny deila had targeted the treble in his first season . deila started with a disastrous champions league qualifying campaign . celtic are currently eight points behind aberdeen .
patrick bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season . he is on loan from chelsea and the question being asked is whether he could be stamford bridge 's answer to harry kane next season . kane got his chance because tottenham 's expensively imported striker roberto soldado disappointed .
raheem sterling was caught puffing on a shisha pipe on sunday . the england international will face club investigation over why he was taking the legal high . the 20-year-old is seen laughing and giggling before he asks one of his friends to give him another hit . nitrous oxide starves the brain of oxygen and makes users feel light-headed and dizzy .
porto lost 3-1 to bayern munich in the champions league quarter-final . the defeat was the first time that porto had reached the quarter-finals of the competition up until tuesday night . the team bus was met with a cacophony of noise from porto supporters .
james milner will make a decision over his future at the end of the season . the england midfielder has interest from liverpool with brendan rodgers keen to fill the vacuum created by steven gerrard 's departure . however , milner is frustrated by reports suggesting he has already outlined a move to anfield .
chelsea are looking to beat manchester city to sign brazilian starlet nathan . the attacking midfielder turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with his club atletico paranaense . he is due to speak to chelsea next week ahead of a proposed move to stamford bridge .
west brom are monitoring nice forward alassane plea . tony pulis believes they represent better value with montpellier 's former blackburn right back bryan dabo also under scrutiny . the 22-year-old has scored three goals this season and can also play as an attacking midfielder .
serie a champions juventus want to strengthen attacking options this summer . psg striker edinson cavani is a target for juventus according to corriere dello sport . manchester united also hold an interest in cavani . louis van gaal is hoping to bring two new strikers to old trafford .
memphis depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season . manchester united target has been tipped to join one of europe 's big boys . depay worked under louis van gaal during holland 's successful 2014 world cup campaign . the 21-year-old has openly admitted that his side are resigned .
valencia midfielder andre gomes has been linked with manchester united and chelsea . the 21-year-old says he has no intention of leaving the club this summer . the portuguese midfielder has netted four times in 25 la liga appearances since leaving benfica last summer .
manchester united checked on lazio 's felipe anderson and gonzalo higuain of napoli on wednesday night . anderson set up the winner for senad lulic in the coppa italia semi-final second leg . the brazilian midfielder has attracted interest from psg , manchester city , arsenal and liverpool .
chelsea have made an offer for the 22-year-old forward yoshinori muto . the japan international will join chelsea 's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge . muto is not connected to the # 200million sponsorship deal they signed with japanese company yokohama rubber in february .
women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on a selfie . ukip leader nigel farage poses with some young voters . two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken . 79 per cent said they were happy with the way they looked , 67 per cent thought they needed to look good .
retired policeman spencer bell , 71 , had bravely ventured on to motorway . but as he tended victim , alan tretheway , 67 , he was struck by toyota driven by mother-of-three iram shahzad . as mr bell crouched with mr tre theway , he was"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
the incident happened on an unregistered road between the a417 and cowley in gloucestershire . the driver had followed his sat nav and ended up losing the roof of the lorry suspended in the air between a hedge and a tree . police are considering pursuing the driver for the mercedes atego for a driving offence .
oribe peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn america a draw . the second-half substitute headed home a cross from rubens sambueza . ghana striker ignacio piatti had put the impact ahead when he converted andres romero 's ball in early in the first half .
marc tierney has been forced to take early retirement following a long-term ankle injury . the 29-year-old left-back fractured his ankle playing against yeovil in september 2013 . tierney was set for a call up to the republic of ireland squad prior to his injury .
siem de jong played 72 minutes for the club 's under-21s on tuesday . the holland international set up adam armstrong for the decisive goal in a 2-1 victory at aston villa on monday evening . the 26-year-old has only made one league start this season .
abou diaby 's contract expires in june and talks over his future will not commence until after the season . arsene wenger has hinted he could offer the frenchman a new contract . the 28-year-old has suffered 42 injuries since signing for the gunners in 2006 .
martin skrtel has made over 200 league appearances for the reds since arriving in 2008 . slovakia international has recently been linked with a summer switch to wolfsburg and napoli . the 30-year-old has said his future remains at liverpool despite his contract expiring in 2016 .
liverpool must stick with manager brendan rodgers as he is the right man to take the club forward , believes stan collymore . rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season with the anfield outfit . the 42-year-old has a previous liverpool manager gone three campaigns without a trophy .
david silva was caught in the face by an elbow from west ham 's cheikhou kouyate on sunday . the spain international received eight minutes of treatment before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital . tests revealed the 29-year-old had suffered no fractures .
aston villa and reading have been charged by the fa in relation to crowd disturbances occurring after their fa cup quarter-final matches . it is alleged that villa failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch following the clubs ' sixth-round victories against west brom and bradford respectively . both clubs have until thursday to respond to the charge .
david silva receives an elbow to the face by cheikhou kouyate . the spaniard was caught right on the cheekbone and taken to hospital . tests have confirmed he suffered no fractures after being caught in the face . but the club say the player will still need careful monitoring this week .
floyd mayweather jnr 's sparring partner jeremy nichols ' impersonation of manny pacquiao is less than complimentary . the filipino meets undefeated mayweather in a $ 300million mega-fight that has been branded ` the biggest bout in boxing history ' . mayweather uses a -200 c kriotherapy chamber to help his recovery from training .
tomas berdych reached the monte carlo masters final for the first time . the sixth seed defeated frenchman gael monfis 6-1 , 6-4 on saturday . the move paid off early in the second set when monfils broke back to level at 1-1 .
frankie dettori will be left to focus on the british flat season this summer . sheik joaan al thani signed up gregory benoist to ride the horses which race under his al shaqab banner in france . the only exception will be sheikjoaan 's dual arc winner treve .
saracens lost back-to-back european and domestic finals last year . mark mccall 's men all of last summer and a good chunk of this season . clermont warm up in front of their supporters at stade geoffroy-guichard in saint-etienne .
england centre brad barritt will captain mark mccall 's side against clermont auvergne on saturday . owen farrell has recovered from a knee injury and has been named on the bench for the big clash . saracens face stade geoffrey-guichard in the european cup semi-final .
zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month , likely to take place in lahore and karachi . no tourists have played in pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on sri lanka 's team bus in march 2009 .
devendra bishoo will play in tuesday 's second test against england . west indies captain denesh ramdin confirmed that leg-spinner will play . the 29-year-old comes into the game in place of dropped sulieman benn in superb form for guyana .
kevin pietersen scored 170 in his first outing for surrey this season . the 34-year-old only managed 19 runs against glamorgan on sunday . england were held to a draw in the opening test of a three-match series against west indies last week . gary ballance , ian bell and joe root play well .
alastair cook still has the full support of his coach , team-mates and selectors . but his hopes of remaining england captain in the ashes this summer hinge on what is going on back home . the opinions of ecb chairman-elect colin graves , new chief executive tom harrison and the man they eventually make director of cricket matter far more than what anyone in the caribbean thinks .
new orleans power forward anthony davis scored 35 points , 20 in the fourth quarter . stephen curry led the warriors with 34 points , hitting 13 of 25 shots and four three-pointers . all five golden state starters scored in double figures , while power forward draymond green recorded double-doubles .
barry hearn has rubbished rumours the betfred world championship will leave sheffield . this year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker 's most prestigious tournament . there is interest from china in hosting the event . ronnie o'sullivan has said he would love to equal steve davis ' haul of six crucible crowns .
charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas . the 29-year-old recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of dutchman edward gal with american steffen peters in third . her score was short of the 87.129 she recorded in breaking her own world record last year .
scott sinclair has scored three goals in 10 games for villa . the winger is on loan from manchester city but can be bought for # 2.5 million in the summer . joe cole is backing the club to defy the odds and beat arsenal in the fa cup final in may .
danny ings is a target for manchester united and liverpool . the burnley striker is also linked with moves to borussia monchengladbach and david moyes ' real sociedad . ings has scored nine premier league goals during his debut premier league season . the 22-year-old says his main aim next year is , wherever i am .
fernando torres has played with some great players over the years . the on-loan striker regards steven gerrard as the best . torres spent three-and-half-seasons at the english club . the 31-year-old has struggled for form since leaving the club in 2011 .
jonas gutierrez is set to be released at the end of the season . the argentinian has twice beaten testicular cancer . carver said gutierrez was left out for ` selection reasons ' . the 31-year-old had earlier posted a message on twitter saying he was not injured .
the unsavoury scenes occurred on february 1 , 2014 following a 3-3 draw . the foursome identified as harry childs , dean foreman and bradley pack were sentenced for affray on friday . the incident occurred after last season 's draw between qpr and burnley at loftus road .
southampton beat blackburn 2-1 in the under-21 premier league cup final . sam gallagher scored the winner as southampton u21s beat rovers . gallagher has not even been named in the matchday squad since arrival of koeman . the england under-20s international has scored 20 goals this season .
jermain defoe and his sunderland team-mates fell to a 4-1 loss against crystal palace in their last game . the striker posted a photo via his instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of basketball . defoe has scored just three goals in 11 league appearances as the battle for premier league survival heats up .
dick advocaat has never been relegated during 28 years as a manager . the 67-year-old says his team lacks the muscle for such a test . sunderland were beaten 4-1 by crystal palace on saturday . the black cats are three points above the drop zone but have won just one in nine .
dick advocaat watched from the comfort of his home in holland as sunderland trailed 4-0 at half-time to aston villa . the congolese forward had earlier laid on the opener for glenn murray . palace were ruthless and alan pardew beaten in his last four tyne-wear derbies .
nelson oliveira is on-loan at swansea from benfica . the portuguese striker has struggled for first-team action . the 23-year-old has recovered from a training-ground ankle injury . gomis has been ruled out for between three to four weeks .
dele alli has impressed for mk dons this season . the 19-year-old 's performances for milton keynes dons earned him a dream move to the premier league with tottenham hotspur in a # 5million deal rubber-stamped in january . alli 's 14 goals have helped keep them in touch with the automatic promotion places in league one .
pep guardiola went into bayern munich 's champions league second-leg against porto under intensifying pressure . his side responded ruthlessly , obliterating porto and a 6-1 scoreline at the allianz arena to reach the semi-final . it is not just the blistering offensive play that seizes the front pages in germany on wednesday .
fifa president sepp blatter met russia president valdimir putin on a world cup visit on monday . blatter said the 2018 world cup will be his 10th after more than 40 years working for football 's world governing body . the 79-year-old swiss said he would tell the russian leader he was pleased with the progress the country was making on the world cup .
manchester city sporting director txiki begiristain checked on porto pair yacine brahimi and alex sandro on tuesday night . sandro , a 24-year-old brazilian left-back , is wanted by juventus too . city are also keen admirers of wolfsburg midfielder kevin de bruyne .
harry redknapp says tottenham have not made any progress under mauricio pochettino this season . the former qpr boss says that a sixth or seventh place finish this season is not progress . the spurs are almost certain to miss out on champions league football again with club currently occupying a place only in the top six .
tottenham beat newcastle 3-1 at st james ' park on sunday . harry kane was the first player since gary lineker to reach the 30-mark . pochettino is convinced the 21-year-old england hitman can improve further as he continues to make his way in the game .
florin andone has scored six goals in 16 games for cordoba . the 22-year-old was born in romania and moved to spain when he was 12 . he was only promoted to the senior team in december . andone is valued at around # 6million but cordoba 's relegation may lead to them taking less .
mark halsey has slammed the decision to ignore mark clattenburg for the fa cup final . the former premier league referee has been overlooked as the professional game match officials board -lrb- pgmo -rrb- would prefer martin atkinson to go to euro 2016 next summer . the decision was rejected by the uefa elite ranks for the final between aston villa and arsenal on may 30 .
martin odegaard 's week got worse when real madrid 's 16-year-old wonderkid who cost # 2.3 m was refused a rating . norway international was dropped previously by manager zinedine zidane and was substituted after 65 minutes against tudelano .
martin odegaard has been dropped from the club 's b-team castilla . the 16-year-old wonderkid picked real madrid over liverpool and manchester united at the start of the year . the record-breaking teenager is already experiencing how difficult it can be for young players in the spanish capital .
cristiano ronaldo returned to the club 's valdebebas training ground . the norwegian midfielder helped portugal go top of euro 2016 qualifying group i with a 2-1 win against serbia on sunday evening . he was pictured greeting fellow galactico gareth bale as he scored twice in wales ' 3-0 victory against israel in haifa .
charlie pye applied for the villa hotseat after paul lambert was sacked in february . villa fan wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football . sherwood has guided villa six points above the relegation zone .
charles n'zogbia turned up for training at the club 's bodymoor heath complex wearing an outrageously flamboyant shirt and trouser combo . the aston villa goalkeeper took to twitter to ridicule the frenchman 's choice of attire describing it as the ` worst ever ' .
per mertesacker believes arsenal have become a stronger unit from their fa cup success of last season . the gunners head into the tie on the back of a superb run of form , which has seen them win 16 from 18 matches in all competitions . the atmosphere around the club is certainly a world way from the tense finale to the 2013/14 campaign .
chelsea host manchester united in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . newcastle united host tottenham hotspur -lrb- 4pm -rrb- . manchester city host west ham united at the emirates stadium . click here for all the latest team news .
arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season . klopp , 47 , announced earlier this week that he would end his seven-year stint at borussian dortmund when the current season draws to a close .
david seaman says the save against sheffield united was the best one he ever made during his career . the 51-year-old believes the save tops his penalty heroics for england . arsenal are currently in the midst of an eight-game winning streak . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
brazilian star oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since february . the 23-year-old is determined to stay and become mourinho 's main man . but he has insisted he is happy at stamford bridge and will be staying at the club .
the former undisputed super-middleweight champion of the world frolicked with his girlfriend lucy on the beach this week . but after they took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim , their fun was interrupted by a downpour of rain . he rounded off his career with victories over mikkel kessler , roy jones jnr and bernard hopkins .
floyd mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world , nicknamed ` money ' as much for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance . earlier this year mayweather posted a picture to various social media sites showing him stood in front of a fleet of super cars and a private jet .
manny pacquiao released his own walk-out tune ahead of floyd mayweather jnr . the 80s rock ballad actually translates as ' i will fight for the fillipino ' . the video also carries a nostalgic feel , featuring a leather-clad pacquarez crooning into the microphone band-aid style .
louis van gaal wants danny ings to form a central part of his manchester united rebuilding this summer . ings is out of contract in the summer but due to his age , burnley would be owed a fee set by a tribunal of around # 5million if he joined an english club .
radamel falcao has struggled for manchester united during his season-long loan . the former atletico madrid striker has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . united will have to pay # 46million to make him 's transfer permanent . click here for all the latest man united news .
phil taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against dave chisnall . the defeat for taylor sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth . gary anderson drew with raymond van barneveld in manchester .
dutch darts duo michael van gerwen and raymond van barneveld head into premier league darts ' ninth leg in manchester on thursday . world no 1 robin van persie and daley blind pose in front of the no 17 shirt worn by another countryman . the pair are currently undefeated and leave the veteran four-time world championship winner on the brink of elimination .
liverpool beat newcastle united 2-0 at anfield on sunday . brendan rodgers will remind raheem sterling of his responsibilities . the 20-year-old has been videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide . he faces a club investigation and potential disciplinary action .
the ecb 's outspoken new chairman was not looking very accurate when england 's new top three had all succumbed to a west indies pace attack seemingly inspired by bowling coach curtly ambrose . that england averted disaster was down to their middle order . ian bell had restored order in this crucial first test .
the daily telegraph in australia had a special tribute edition with the headline ' a marvellous innings ' next to a striking image of benaud . the weekend australian went with ` the voice of our endless summers falls silent ' . the world has been paying tribute to benaud , who died on friday .
adam federici lay inert pulled off a series of stunning saves to keep the sides level at 1-1 . the australian goalkeeper saved alexis sanchez 's low shot through his legs and trickled over the line . the reading stopper failed to collect it properly in his grasp .
alan pardew was booed every time he ventured to the touchline amid a toxic atmosphere inside st james ' park . supporters are planning to boycott the game at home to spurs in protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from owner mike ashley . carver accepts that he must take criticism and has spoken to the likes of pardew and close friend shearer .
mike ashleyout.com urged fans to boycott the game and several hundred gathered outside of st james ' park before kick-off . there they called for billionaire ashley to quit the club and unfurled a banner , ` nufc -- balance sheet champions -- 2008-2014 ' .
manchester city beat west ham 4-2 at the etihad stadium . james collins and sergio aguero 's 20th premier league strike of the season was enough to give city the three points . sportsmail 's chris wheeler rates the players ' performances at the stadium .
rafa benitez is set to leave napoli this summer and will have a host of clubs after his services . he was made chelsea interim manager in 2012 but it 's fair to say the fans never warmed to him . he did little to bring support on-side in his first few weeks either .
winston reid says west ham no longer suffer from a fear of facing manchester city . city had won their last five games against west ham - by an aggregate score of 14-1 - before falling to just their second league defeat of the season at upton park in october . reid said he and his team-mates no longer dread facing manuel pellegrini 's side .
yaya toure 's agent dimitri seluk has called manchester city boss manuel pellegrini a ` weak manager ' . the agent has criticised the club 's chief executive ferran soriano and director of football txiki begiristain . toure has been linked with a move away this summer .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . jose mourinho said he was unfazed by his side 's staggeringly low possession stat during the game . the portuguese said he is unconcerned by statistics and only cares about getting results .
carlo ancelotti has been linked with a return to the premier league . the 55-year-old said he expects to be in the spanish capital for at least another year . marca lead with the headline ` high risk ' as la liga 's top four sides barcelona .
stoke boss mark hughes has dismissed the latest reports linking asmir begovic with a move away from the britannia stadium . the bosnia international has been one of the premier league 's most consistent keepers . the 27-year-old will sign a new deal with stoke this summer .
cristiano ronaldo scored the landmark goal against rayo vallecano on april 8 . portuguese forward has only taken six years to reach the figure in all competitions . real madrid host malaga this weekend as they look to narrow the gap between themselves and barcelona at the top of la liga .
manny pacquiao was on the call from los angeles for what was supposed to be his last question and answer session before he arrives in las vegas next week . promoter bob arum , who was also on call , got frustrated when the first caller in the queue was n't someone who was supposed .
luis suarez scored his second goal as psg 's players are left dejected after being unable to stop the uruguayan . former chelsea defender salvatore sirigu made it 3-0 to barcelona . suarez 's strike was a moment of pure pleasure , a flourish that will not be forgotten .
lionel messi has been linked with a move away from the nou camp . barcelona president josep maria bartomeu has reiterated the club 's stance that messi will always have a place at the club until he retires . messi is set to play alongside luis suarez and neymar on tuesday night .
luis suarez admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside neymar when he joined the club . a video captured during one of barcelona 's practice sessions shows the brazilian ace kneeing the uruguayan forward . suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions but most importantly he has found the net in key games .
barcelona president josep maria bartomeu says the la liga leaders have no plans to replace luis enrique . the 44-year-old took only charge of the club last summer , signing a two-year deal , and is only six games away from winning the title .
radamel falcao joined united on a one-year loan deal in september . colombia striker has failed to shine during his time at old trafford . vadim vasilyev claims united are keeping their options open . the decision is in manchester , then we will talk player to find out what he wants .
leonardo jardim believes monaco 's march to the champions league quarter-finals is proof that clubs do not have to splash the cash in order to achieve european success . the monaco coach insists he is proud after his side reached the quarter-final without big investment . the club host juventus at the stade louis ii on wednesday .
arsene wenger accepted his side were ' a bit lucky ' to beat reading . the gunners will head back to wembley on may 30 aiming to defend the trophy . reading drew level on 54 minutes when garath mccleary 's volley was deflected past goalkeeper wojciech szczesny .
floyd mayweather has shared a video flaunting his diamond-encrusted watches , fleet of super-cars and carpets of cash on his instagram account . the 38-year-old boxer is expected to earn around # 120million for his upcoming bout against manny pacquiao next month .
jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield . liverpool 's vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract . the 24-year-old 's new deal is worth around # 100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020 .
rafa benitez has admitted he tried to raid former club chelsea to sign andre schurrle before the midfielder joined wolfsburg in january . the napoli boss will see his side line up against the german outfit in the quarter-finals of the competition on thursday .
jose mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in premier league history . the chelsea boss has overseen 101 clean sheets , nullifying his rivals in 53.4 per cent of games . rafa benitez has 13 more , 114 from 254 matches with liverpool . the spaniard averages 0.82 goals every premier league encounter .
werder bremen beat bottom club hamburg 1-0 in their europa league clash . franco di santo converted his spot-kick for his 13th goal of the season . new coach bruno labbadia has been tasked with preventing hamburg from going down for the first time ever .
simon mignolet has backed belgian striker divock origi to be a success at anfield . the 19-year-old was loaned back to lille for this season . origi has endured a difficult spell in ligue 1 - scoring just seven league goals this campaign .
atletico madrid are in talks to sign palermo 's paulo dybala , according to reports in as . the serie a club value at # 29m , has also been linked with arsenal and chelsea but it seems the la liga side are in the box seat .
juventus have made a move for paulo dybala , according to reports . the palermo striker has caught the eye of manchester united and arsenal . barcelona continued to resist real madrid 's charge to overturn their four-point deficit atop la liga . cristiano ronaldo opened the scoring for carlo ancelotti 's side .
manchester city lost 4-2 to manchester united at old trafford on april 12 . joe hart has been lamenting the premier league champions ' fall from grace . the england goalkeeper said the defeat was a particularly tough pill for him and his team mates to swallow . manuel pellegrini has come under increasing pressure at the etihad this season .
ap mccoy landed the second win of his last aintree meeting thanks to a trainer he will be praying does n't win saturday 's crabbie 's grand national . irishman gordon elliott trains cause of causes , a gelding owned by boss jp mcmanus and one of the mounts he could have taken in the race instead of shutthefrontdoor .
anderson silva will meet with brazilian taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year 's olympics . the 40-year-old has been suspended by ufc after failing drug tests . silva tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test jan. 9 .
andy flower is technical director of elite coaching at the ecb . the england cricket board gave flower the confusing title of technical director after he renegotiated a new role at significantly lower pay after resigning as team boss following the last ashes whitewash . flower has closed one chapter in his life and fully moved on to his behind-the-scenes loughborough role .
bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has quit the bundesliga club in the fall-out of their shock champions league defeat by porto . the 72-year-old medical professional , known as a world leader in his field , said ` the bond of trust is damaged ' . his son kilian , peter ueblacker and lutz hansel , who are all part of the team at bayern , have also
jessica ennis-hill has revealed she faces her ` biggest challenge ever ' . the 29-year-old will compete against katarina-johnson thompson in austria . she will compete at the great city games in manchester in mid-may . she has risen to prominence in her absence , winning pentathlon gold .
jessica ennis-hill has begun communication with the iaaf . the russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 august 2009 to 14 august 2011 -- just 16 days before she beat ennis by 129 points in the heptathlon in daegu , south korea .
the decision was taken by the international association of athletics federations council . decided to bypass the usual bidding process because of what it saw as a ` unique strategic opportunity to host the iaaf world championships for the first time in the usa ' . eugene failed last november in its bid to host a 2019 event .
liverpool are making a rival push for manchester united target memphis depay . 21-year-old depay rejected a # 14million bid from tottenham for him last summer . psv eindhoven won their first eredivisie title in seven years after beating heerenveen 4-1 on saturday .
ander herrera has played down comparisons with paul scholes . the 25-year-old has scored seven goals in 26 appearances since his # 28.8 million arrival from athletic bilbao last summer . his favourite goal for united came against league one side yeovil in the fa cup third round .
jessica carey had her husband aaron carey create the stunningly accurate tattoo of patty on her forearm . it showed her grandmother as a young woman , with long red hair , wearing a smart blouse and jacket . along with the inking , she had also brought her two children with her as an additional surprise .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final . carlo ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio luka modric , gareth bale and karim benzema . cristiano ronaldo and sami khedira train ahead of the game .
mario mandzukic is still bruised from a physical champions league quarter-final first leg against real madrid . the croatian suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by sergio ramos and dani carvajal punched him in the stomach . atletico drew 0-0 in the first leg which was dominated by second half scraps .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final . cristiano ronaldo and co looked in a relaxed mood as they prepared for wednesday 's clash with rivals atletico . dani carvajal was on the end of some tough love from team-mates sergio ramos , isco and nacho .
 redditor roxambops , aka roxy de la rosa posted the pictures of dozing alex elenes on the social networking site this week . the traveller missed due to napping include a pink dolphin watching tour and even a nail-biting piranha fishing expedition . sadly he even missed seeing adorable sloths and monkeys in the wild , and impressive giant amazon lily pads .
shaheen pirouz from denton , texas , filmed her pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards . footage shows him being positioned on his back legs , with his eyes immediately starting to close . he then flops over to one side as he falls into a deep sleep .
labour 's football-mad scottish leader jim murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the tories in edinburgh today . today 's match was organised to help motor neurone disease campaigner gordon aikman in his fight against the terminal condition . he has raised over # 250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign ` gordon 's fightback ' .
adam johnson appeared in norway 's ullevaal stadium during a euro 2012 warm-up friendly . he was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming . johnson was considered a prospect for roy hodgson as recently as a year ago .
the 283 per cent rise comes after it emerged city were increasing the cost of some season tickets for able-bodied fans from # 870 to # 1,700 . they claim the premier league champions are trying to force migration to other parts of the etihad stadium as part of a re-seating plan .
aston villa may be able to sign cordoba striker florin andone for as little as # 2.5 million . the romanian has scored six goals in 17 games for the struggling spanish side . andone was born in romania but moved to spain when he was 12 .
josh meekings has been cleared to play in the scottish cup final . the englishman admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty . inverness defender was cited by tony mcglennan for denying an opposing team an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberately handling the ball .
ronald koeman called for southampton 's players to show maturity , nous and respect after victor wanyama 's future came under question . this weekend brings with it arguably saints ' biggest match of the season . mauricio pochettino 's first return to st mary 's adds extra spice to a match .
frank knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the championship 's basement club . supporters up and down the country have reacted to that by raising close to # 15,000 in under three days -- an act of defiance against the running of blackpool . supporters have been protesting against the oystons before matches and then not attending the games .
juventus moved 15 points clear of lazio atop serie a with a 2-0 win . carlos tevez ` laid the eggs ' for their fourth straight league win . the italian media were quick to lavish praise on tevez . barcelona stay in first place and keep their two-point lead over real madrid .
england international met up with comedian darren farley as part of promotional video for bt sport . farley specialises in mimicking a number of anfield stars both past and present . the pair discussed the fascinating clash with villa and sturridge 's trademark goal celebration dance .
cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi will go head-to-head once more in the race to be this season 's top scorer in the champions league . both barcelona and real madrid booked their spots in the semi-finals this week with victories over paris saint-germain and atletico madrid respectively .
cristiano ronaldo , carlos tevez , paul pogba and gerard pique have all made the semi-finals in their former club 's absence from the competition . javier hernandez and patrice evra were part of david moyes ' failed side last season but he now plays for juventus .
kurt zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role against manchester united . the 20-year-old has shone under louis van gaal in recent weeks . mourinho gave an insight into his instructions to the young frenchman to turn the match into a '10 against 10 ' clash .
zinedine zidane claims eden hazard excites him more than cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi . the real madrid reserve boss was unashamed in his praise for hazard . the belgian could be named pfa player of the year this weekend . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
inverness defender josh meekings had been cited for the handball missed by officials in the semi-final against celtic . only messages of support awaiting him on his return from footballing friends brought him back from the brink of quitting . the caley thistle boss says he felt so repulsed by the gut-wrenching predicament being endured by his young defender .
the al rayyan stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by uk-based architecture firms ramboll and pattern . fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees celsius , while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled . the stadium is expected to host matches up to the quarter-final stage of the world cup in qatar in 2022 .
50,000 gathered at home of manchester united for the last football match to be played in england for four , long years . the anniversary is being marked by the national football museum whose exhibition the greater game : football & the first world war tells the story of a controversial match played on the same day thousands of allied troops were killed in a deadly german chlorine gas attack near ypres , belgium .
oscar hopes chelsea can kick-start a period of dominance in english football for the blues . the blues have already won the capital one cup this season . arsenal have won eight matches in a row in the league and will not go down without a fight . jose mourinho 's side are 10 points clear of second-placed arsenal .
blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney . the elastic in mr shinn 's pants gave way exposing his backside to punters track-side . acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing .
jonathan pitre , 14 , is born with epidermolysis bullosa - or ` butterfly skin ' - his body is covered with deep blistering wounds that wo n't heal . holding cutlery to eat is incredibly difficult . bathing is excruciating . he must be bathed and bandaged every day .
the video , filmed in moon park , odessa , is spreading on social media . the young girl dressed in a white , bloodstained nightgown waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming . after the video went viral , an odessa television channel tracked down some of the victims seen running for the hills .
mila kunis is to counter-sue the woman who is suing her for stealing her chicken . the actress and her fiance ashton kutcher responded to the impending lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video , claiming they were going to file a lawsuit against the accuser kristina karo . on wednesday the story broke that the 31-year-old was being sued for $ 5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend , who said she suffered
jordan henderson has committed his long-term future to liverpool . the 24-year-old was lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign fulham 's clint dempsey only for the midfielder to reject the move . his determination to prove himself , and justify the # 16million price tag which came with him from sunderland the previous summer .
terri hernandez is opening up about the bond she shared with ursula lloyd during her son 's murder trial . lloyd refused to comment on the story , saying she no longer wished to speak about her son . the interview comes just days after he was convicted of lloyd 's killing .
the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads . the brawl , involving students from benjamin franklin high school , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation .
francis pusok 's arrest was recorded by a tv news helicopter and led to an fbi civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe . in an interview with nbc 4 , pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent ' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear : ` this is n't over ' . when san bernardino county sheriff 's deputies arrived at pus
the enormous 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of barrington is opulent and private , sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens . it took five years to build the house , which is listed at $ 13 million , having failed to find a buyer at $ 15.9 million since it first hit the market in 2013 .
authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park , west of sydney , shortly after 11am on thursday . they had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them . two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby fairfield hospital in a serious condition .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league last night . pep guardiola broke the highly dramatic atmosphere with a moment of sartorial comedy . the spanish tactician wore a suit with a navy pullover , black tie and crisp white shirt , joked after the clash .
a little girl named anya brodie asked michelle obama her age and when obama told her she was 51-years-old the little girl just could n't believe it . a flattered obama asked brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone , reports cnn .
california-based youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest . footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top . after a brief moment of stillness , the cat immediately gets up and scurries over to another spot .
four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from dockweiler state beach , just west of the city 's international airport , said police officer rosario herrera . the initial police report said the animal was a small seal . marine animal rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people said to be harassing it .
the ` first of its kind ' equipment , developed by elbit systems working with the israeli ministry of defense , will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors . these sensors were so precise there would be ` no false alarms ' . the decision comes after the army considered more than 700 proposals aimed at combating a tunnel threat .
spartak moscow lost their appeal against sanctions for a racist banner . the russian football union said spartak fans displayed ' a banner of discriminatory content with a racist symbol ' specifically a celtic cross . the club were fined # 2,500 and had an appeal against the sanctions rejected .
the nine-year-old girl is in hospital after she was savaged by the animal in namtsy , in the sakha republic in siberia - one of the coldest regions in the world . photographs show the lion being walked around by a worker for a circus that had been visiting the village .
incident happened in changchun city , china , on thursday april 16 . it 's unclear whether or not this is a military tank serving the state army . footage shows people inside the vehicle were wearing camouflage uniforms . other users point out tanks are not allowed to be on the road in china .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season . the reds welcome adam lallana back to the fold for the game against tony pulis ' team .
marouane fellaini hailing steven gerrard as the best passer he has played against in an official club interview . the belgian put to one side manchester united 's rivalry with their north-west rivals to heap praise on the reds captain for his range of passing .
ronald koeman praised mauricio pochettino 's work at st mary 's . the argentina defender ended a 16-month stint on the south coast last summer to sign a five-year deal at white hart lane . koeman has not only steered the club to calmer waters but to new heights .
fa chairman greg dyke revealed harry kane has informed england he wants to play for his country in the european u21 championships . tottenham boss mauricio pochettino would prefer kane to rest at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the tournament in the czech republic .
kyle walker picked up an injury against burnley earlier this month . scans showed the england defender had not broken his foot . walker has been provided with a protective boot to ensure no further damage is caused . he will miss tottenham 's next four premier league fixtures but could be fit in time to return for the last day of the season .
andrea dossena signed a short-term contract with league one strugglers leyton orient back in november . the defender will face no further action after being accused of shoplifting in harrods . the 33-year-old hit headlines around the world when he was arrested at the knightsbridge store on april 7 .
liverpool are showing interest in borussia dortmund striker ciro immobile . the italy international has not had the best of times in the bundesliga . immobile fits the profile of player liverpool want . arsenal have also considered reviving interest in france international kondogbia .
jordon ibe is set to sign a new five-year contract with liverpool . the 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at anfield until 2020 . ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at derby county but returned to liverpool in january .
jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four . liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification for next season .
jack grealish has become the latest young barclays premier league starlet to be accused of getting high on ` hippy crack ' . the 19-year-old midfielder has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide . the selfie was taken in a hotel room about six months ago following a night out .
teresa bullock captured two-minute clip at her house in ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old macaque monkey named angel . video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers . owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream , eye-liner , mascara and finally , and perhaps most shockingly , red lipstick .
manchester united have been considering a bid for edinson cavani . psg owner nasser al-khelaifi said the french champions were determined to hold on to the 28-year-old . cavani is a target for manchester united but looks set to stay in paris .
julian weigl has been earning rave reviews in germany 's second division playing for 1860 munich . the 19-year-old has a buy-out clause of # 2.5 million . juventus and borussia dortmund also interested in the german starlet .
the new design , which will be worn by the women 's team at this summer 's world cup , features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow . the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to canada who will be hosting the tournament . nike has been forced to defend its colour decision , saying ` not every team pays homage to the flag ' .
the trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan moves into his lane . eventually the vehicle towing the caravan jackknifes , coming to rest across the van . this is the moment a van driver unleashes a foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist . the footage was posted on shropshire-based facebook user mark hazell 's account .
father-of-two paul doyle , 56 , moved his family into # 820,000 home in altrincham , cheshire , despite having never worked and living life ` on tick ' and incapacity handouts . he put down # 200,000 deposit and obtained # 600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming his wife worked as a company executive . but his family were probed after scandalising leafy neighbourhood in salford .
ronald koeman held a meeting with southampton 's players to refocus their minds on european qualification . victor wanyama 's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to arsenal . morgan schneiderlin , nathaniel clyne and jay rodriguez have all been linked with a move away .
sir alex ferguson made a # 5,000 donation to the remember mary barbour fund . the 73-year-old had lived and breathed football since making his senior debut at the age of just 16 . he was associated with a good dozen charities or foundations . the former manchester united manager has decided to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes .
gary deegan caught dens defender gary irvine high on his shin . referee craig charleston saw an incident but not the gory details . the official had his view obstructed by bodies and because of that the sfa could take no action . rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players changed .
chris ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to loftus road . ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in february but four points from games against aston villa and west brom . the former tottenham coach believes it would be unfair for his future to depend on rangers avoiding the drop .
virgil van dijk had sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career the night he landed an early red card against inter milan . events at hampden forced him to revise his opinion . claims of referee steven mclean and his five assistants that they failed to see the handball by inverness player josh meekings .
chris ramsey has pledged his long-term future to qpr . the 52-year-old was handed the manager 's job until the end of the season . rangers ' premier league status is hanging by the thread following sunday 's last-gasp defeat by chelsea at loftus road .
john carver and jonas gutierrez had a bust-up that caused the player to be left out of the squad . carver took the decision to remove the argentine from the matchday squad . newcastle will set a new club record of seven straight defeats in the premier league if they lose to the swans .
manny pacquiao says he has to fight floyd mayweather like it is the last of his life when he touches gloves with the undefeated american . the filipino has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight in las vegas , which has been billed as the biggest sporting event in history with two of the best pound-for-pound fighters of all time facing off .
justin rose was pictured using his state-of-the-art indoor golf simulator . joint runner-up with phil mickelson , the englishman was delighted with his performance , as he pushed winner jordan speith all the way on the final day and earned himself a hefty pay-day .
nico rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of fp2 but a mistake from hamilton gifted him first place . in fp1 pace was not their concern as the duo finished 15th and 16th , 1.466 secs and 1.705 secs adrift respectively of kimi raikkonen in his ferrari .
mercedes duo lewis hamilton and nico rosberg finished first in friday 's practice session for the bahrain grand prix . but there was no alarm as mercedes focused on a particular plan , with the 90-minute session hardly representative of what all the drivers will face in qualifying and the race .
the 2014 dewhurst stakes winner beat only one home in saturday 's greenham stakes . but varian 's determination to keep the son of lope de vega away from the fast ground he encountered at newbury means the colt looks more likely to head to the french 2,000 guineas rather than the british equivalent at newmarket on may 2 .
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at newbury on saturday centred around a neck success . the 44-year-old italian has signed up gregory benoist to ride the french-based horses in his expanding string .
ap mccoy 's final quest for national glory began in the irish version of the race when sixth on cantlow on easter monday . the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion was then fifth on favourite shutthefrontdoor in last saturday 's grand national .
aaron cruden hobbles off the field after damaging his knee . the 26-year-old has started 15 tests for the world champions in the last two years . england lock joe launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback in wasps ' premiership clash with leicester on may 9 .
mccall watched his side battle in vain before losing 13-9 to clermont on saturday . saracens ' millionaire chairman nigel wray spent much of last week repeating belief the cap should be scrapped in order for saracen to compete at europe 's top table .
jonny may is hoping to get over being dropped by england . the gloucester winger beat exeter 30-19 in their last-four tie . the cherry and whites now face edinburgh at the twickenham stoop . may was overlooked for the last three rounds of the rbs 6 nations .
england had a good day on tuesday at the start of this second test in conditions that suited them . if they go on to bat themselves into a strong position , they can look at it in one of two ways . if that 's the case then carry on as you are , but a position of strength is often a good one from which to take a long hard look at yourself .
ben stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second test as england strove to set up the victory that is essential to their wellbeing . first the durham all-rounder injured himself , then he struck immediately when he came on to bowl and finally became embroiled in a heated dispute with marlon samuels . all in a day 's work for a gifted cricketer who looks destined to endure as many lows as he does highs in what
steven finn was overlooked for the west indies tour . the 21-year-old has spent time since the world cup working on his run-up . finn says he 's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form and is ready to push for an england place .
mohammad hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago in the first test against new zealand in abu dhabi . the pakistan all-rounder then injured his calf and missed out on the world cup in australia and new zealander . but after the international cricket council confirmed his action has been proven legal in chennai this month .
england removed both west indies openers after choosing to bowl first in a rain-shortened opening session of the second test in grenada . james anderson castled kraigg brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger in the third over . replays showed the ball had missed his outside edge as he thrust forward outside off stump .
sir bradley wiggins left team sky after paris-roubaix on april 12 . the 2012 tour de france winner was not selected in team sky 's 2014 squad . wiggins is a legacy of the grand depart and features steven burke , mark christian , andy tennant , owain doull and jon dibben in team wiggins .
kyrie irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as cleveland cavaliers beat boston celtics 113-100 . the cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best of seven-game series . clippers point guard chris paul scored 32 points , and blake griffin added 26 points and 12 rebounds .
graeme dott was reprieved when walden blazed the green off the table . the 37-year-old survived a series of twitches close to the winning line . dott , who is through to the last 16 , remains aggrieved by having to play three best-of-19-frame matches just to get to the main draw .
tony pulis returned to selhurst park for the first time since leaving crystal palace . craig gardner scored the second for tony pulis ' side with a fine long ranged effort . the west brom players race to congratulate morrison , who headed the away side in front against crystal palace on saturday .
everton defender leighton baines is friends with rocker miles kane and arctic monkeys ' front-man alex turner . but in an interview with match of the day magazine , the england international has given his thoughts on six mainstream tracks which do n't feature on his own ipod .
graziano pelle was given a yellow card by referee kevin friend in the first half for a clash with alex bruce . hull city goalkeeper steve harper can do nothing to stop pelle 's strike despite his best efforts as southampton made sure of the victory . pelle scored his first premier league goal since december 20 , ending a drought of 1,245 minutes .
tonny vilhena wants to quit feyenoord this summer . ronald koeman is keen to bolster his squad ahead of possible european qualification . the 20-year-old has one year left on contract but is ready to make the move to the premier league now . koeman also looking to make eljero elia 's loan move from werder bremen permanent .
stoke city beat southampton 2-1 at the britannia stadium on saturday afternoon . charlie adam scored a late winner as stoke came from behind to earn all three points at home to ronald koeman 's southampton . marko arnautovic congratulates the scottish international on his goal .
sunderland are considering a summer move for franco di santo . the argentine has been in superb form for werder bremen this season . the 26-year-old has scored 13 goals in 22 games for sunderland this season , scoring 13 in 97 appearances for the club .
west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 in their premier league clash . tony pulis ' side dominated the remainder of the game only to be met by west brom 's stubborn doggedness . the 57-year-old 's gritty , resilient playing style is reflected in the touchline attire he insists on wearing at every game .
walter smith has praised stuart mccall for making an impact at ibrox . but he maintains ally mccoist was given little chance of succeeding . the former rangers boss was put on gardening leave just before christmas . smith attended a john hartson foundation golf day to raise money for testicular cancer awareness .
andres iniesta was modest about his fourth assist in europe this season . the spaniard played a pivotal part in setting up neymar for the opening goal in the catalan club 's 2-0 second-leg win over psg on tuesday night . the 30-year-old says he has been unhappy with his form for barcelona .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers was convicted of neglecting a rental property quashed , it has emerged . the anfield boss was fined at blackburn magistrates ' court for leaving a # 69,950 terrace house in accrington , lancashire , with broken windows and doors strewn across the garden . but hyndburn borough council took the action , said in a subsequent statement that both rodgers and co-owner judith o'hagan had their case overturned at
jack grealish played for aston villa in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday . the 19-year-old has been impressed with the republic of ireland and england . but sherwood wants him to focus on continuing to force his way into the villa first team .
per mertesacker limped off during arsenal 's fa cup semi-final win over reading on saturday . the defender has escaped any serious ankle ligament damage . there were fears of a serious injury for the 6ft 6in german . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
clayton donaldson scored his 16th goal of the season in birmingham . the win means reading dominated most of the match in the closing stages of the first half . reading were involved in a dramatic 2-1 defeat against arsenal . adam federici was retained against birmingham city after extra-time .
gary gardner will report to aston villa for pre-season training . the 22-year-old has enjoyed a successful loan spell at nottingham forest . gardner scored a stunning free-kick against watford at the city ground . the former england under-21 player trained day-to-day before making up his mind .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . the republic of ireland goalkeeper is putting brad guzan under pressure . guzan was said to be hurting after missing out on the semi-finals . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
massimo luongo was player of the tournament during australia 's successful asian cup in january . the 22-year-old creator has decided to play in the barclays premier league next season . swindon are currently fourth in league one with three games to play .
micky adams became the 42nd manager to be sacked this season . he was fired by tranmere , rock bottom of the football league . forty sackings were recorded by the league managers ' association before the end of march . the trend is set to smash its previous record of 46 , set in 2006-07 .
joe lewis wore the signed shirt in last week 's championship match with reading . the 27-year-old had to wear it because the club had no spares , midfielder andrea orlandi has revealed . blackpool fans gathered outside bloomfield road to protest against oyston family .
blackpool fans pelted the directors ' box and main reception area at bloomfield road . the seasiders ' relegation to league one was sealed by rotherham 's victory over brighton on monday . chairman karl oyston was the target of their criticism as supporters congregated in front of the west stand at 7pm .
lee clark admitted blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans after an evening in which their relegation into sky bet league one was marked by pre-match supporters ' protests . disgruntled fans vented their anger at their chairman outside of bloomfield road before a 1-1 draw with reading .
cristiano ronaldo says he would relish playing alongside his namesake . the brazil legend ended his illustrious playing career in 2011 . the 38-year-old has suggested he could play again for fort lauderdale strikers . the former real madrid striker admits a return to top level football is past him .
andres iniesta could miss saturday 's la liga game at home to valencia . barcelona midfielder had to be replaced by xavi eight minutes into the second half of the quarter-final first leg at the parc des princes after tangling with psg midfielder javier pastore .
benik afobe scored 19 goals on loan at mk dons before joining wolves from arsenal in january for # 2million . afobe pounced after 50 minutes to cancel out a 21st-minute own goal from richard stearman . the black country side were heading for a third successive defeat which would have all but ended their play-off hopes .
chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees . data compiled by football association fair play delegates who attend every top-flight match and assess team behaviour towards match officials . chelsea players protest a decision made by referee roger east during a home match with newcastle united .
the warning comes ahead of a summit organised to determine the scale of the problem . the latest figures for this football season show btp has recorded 630 incidents so far . five chelsea fans were caught on film directing racist abuse towards a black passenger in france . mr crowther said impact on ordinary passengers is ` unacceptable ' .
tim sherwood was quizzed about his letter to young aston villa fan charlie pye on friday . the villa youngster wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football . sherwood revealed his ` win bonus ' to the assembled media .
daniel sturridge failed to train again on thursday as brendan rodgers stepped up preparations for sunday 's fa cup semi-final with aston villa . the england striker missed england 's games against lithuania and italy with what england manager roy hodgson called ` a small tear ' in his hip . liverpool still have two more sessions before they travel south .
raheem sterling scored liverpool 's opener in the first half at anfield . the 20-year-old 's life lessons are arriving thick and fast . sterling will be under discussion if he has any sense , he wo n't use the distinguished list of those who have previously tried nitrous oxide as an attempt at mitigation .
kevin pietersen was hit on the hand while fielding close-in during oxford 's second innings . surrey batsman stayed down momentarily before moving gingerly and leaving the field . the former england star is hoping to win back his test place with a return to red ball cricket .
gareth bale has been linked with english clubs including manchester united and chelsea . the welshman missed the champions league quarter-final return against atletico after picking up an injury . the 25-year-old has been urged to ignore a return to the premier league and persevere at real madrid .
juventus defender giorgio chiellini has made his case for football 's most obvious foul . inside the first minute of juve 's champions league quarter-final second-leg against monaco on wednesday night , the 30-year-old committed a deliberate handball after slipping onto the turf . the serie a leaders won the tie on aggregate , having led from the first-leg 1-0 through arturo vidal 's penalty in turin .
jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the right type of football for the premier league big boys . sportsmail columnist insists the style of play atletico madrid showed against their neighbours real at the bernabeu would not impress the three barclays premier league giants .
richard eckersley is currently training with la liga side elche . the 26-year-old started his career at manchester united . but he failed to make an impact in manchester , he rejected the offer of a new contract and signed for premier league newcomers burnley . the full-back has been hampered by injuries throughout his career .
emad sahabi suffered a horrific ankle break while playing for al orubah . the match came to halt on 19 minutes when the midfielder 's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball . the break brings back the nightmare injuries suffered by arsenal duo eduardo and aaron ramsey a few years ago .
psv eindhoven beat heerenveen 4-1 to win the dutch championship . psv 's victory put them on 79 points and beyond the reach of second-placed ajax amsterdam . luuk de jong scored two headed goals in the opening period .
bayern munich beat hoffenheim 2-0 in the champions league quarter-final second leg . sebastian rode scored in the 38th minute and hoffensheim 's andreas beck added an own goal in stoppage time . the german champions were without half a dozen starters .
inter owner erick thohir had warned both sets of players before the game that the ` eyes of the world ' would be fixed on the 214th derby della madonnina . a goalless first half had produced the odd burst of quality , but little intensity . philippe mexes thought he had scored an own goal , as did his keeper diego lopez , but it was ruled out .
pierre-emerick aubameyang and shinji kagawa were on target . the win moved last season 's bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table . gabon 's hummels doubled the home side 's lead with a two-goal cushion .
john terry came in with a strong challenge from behind on radamel falcao . cesc fabregas then collected the loose ball and released it to oscar . manchester united striker struggles to hold his grand and loses the ball to terry near the half-way line . thierry henry , jamie redknapp and graeme souness agreed during their half-time analysis that play should have been stopped for terry 's rough tackle .
alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of reading goalkeeper adam federici . reading were level when garath mccleary 's volley was deflected past goalkeeper wojciech szczesny . sami mokbel rated the players ' performances at wembley .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 in the premier league on sunday . eden hazard 's sublime strike proved crucial as jose mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of the standings . sportsmail 's oliver todd rates the players ' performances at stamford bridge .
german legend franz beckenbauer has accused bayern munich stars of playing as if they had taken ` sleeping pills ' in their midweek defeat by porto . the bundesliga champions conceded twice in the opening 10minutes before losing 3-1 to the portuguese in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final on wednesday . der kaiser may be a brand ambassador for the club but he could n't hide his feelings after the game .
newcastle host swansea in the world cup semi-final on saturday . the magpies have lost their last six premier league games in a row . newcastle sit seven points clear of relegation after losing their last 6 games . janmaat came off the bench in holland 's final penalty shootout loss to argentina .
the protest will take place outside stamford bridge at 3pm on saturday . the photo has been organised by the chelsea supporters trust and playfair qatar . there have been more than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in qatar as the country put the infrastructure in place to host the world cup .
fifa presidential candidate prince ali bin al hussein has made a formal rotation of the world cup between the continents one of the key elements of his manifesto . prince ali , a current fifa vice-president from jordan , said he could envisage a world cup being played in different countries . in his manifesto , which he launched on monday , prince ali has also warned against any decision on expanding the globe .
former newcastle striker nile ranger has not featured for the seasiders since the end of november after making 14 appearances for the club in the first months of the season . ranger has been awol since returning to london after being left out of the squad to face birmingham in early december .
frank knight , 67 , posted an apology on his facebook account last week . he said he had agreed to pay damages of # 20,000 to the sky bet championship club . over 1,000 supporters did just that , ensuring the target was met in only three days , and the account will now be kept open to provide more financial aid .
professor john warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female . he found that during the day the trees , which grow in tropical and mediterranean climates , flower with their ` female parts ' ready to be pollinated by bees . the flowers close for the night and then the next morning they reopen .
the 37-year-old always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right . but her effortless look is not without the help of a few designer items . from prada and stella mccartney to dolce & gabbana and alexander mcqueen .
isis has released a chilling new propaganda video warning there is ` no safety for any american on the globe ' . titled ` we will burn america ' , the video calls on supporters to attack the u.s. on its own soil , while claiming its citizens ' sense of safety is a ` mirage ' . the 11 minute-long video also forms a showcase of some of the militants ' bloodiest atrocities - it features the beheading of jordanian pilot muadh al-kas
harry kane nominated for pfa player of the year award . the spurs striker has 29 goals in all competitions to date . diego costa has had no trouble adapting to the premier league . alexis sanchez , philippe coutinho and david de gea also on shortlist .
harry kane and eden harzard lead the nominations for young player of the year . goalskeepers thibaut courtois and david de gea complete the list of players - all aged 23 or under at the start of this season . the winners will be announced at the awards ceremony in central london on april 26 .
porto beat bundesliga champions bayern munich 3-1 on wednesday night . jurgen klopp 's side have been champions in three of the last four seasons . porto remain one of portugal 's eminent teams . they have won the europa league four years ago .
england beat australia 438 in their first test at old st john 's rec 12 years ago . chris jordan and jimmy anderson took the wicket in only his ninth match for gary ballance ended with the leader of england 's attack still waiting for the wickets .
dennis taylor , tubby and splendidly bespectacled . davis was leading the final 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green . the 1985 final was watched by 18.5 million , a bbc2 record , but it is way behind the most-watched sporting events : 1 1966 world cup final 32.30 m .
tim sherwood was shown the door by tottenham chairman daniel levy . pochettino 's spurs entertain villa on saturday afternoon in the barclays premier league . sherwood will be eager to prove a point or three at white hart lane . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
tottenham hotspur host aston villa at white hart lane on saturday . kyle walker and hugo lloris are absent for tottenham , while jan vertonghen is a doubt for the game . harry kane again wears the captain 's armband . vorm , friedel , yedlin , chiriches , kaboul , dier , vertong hen , paulinho , mason , stambouli , dembe
swansea city host everton in the premier league on saturday . southampton host hull city -lrb- 3pm -rrb- and tottenham hotspur . manchester united vs newcastle united vs manchester city on monday . liverpool vs man city at 8pm on sunday .
tottenham chairman daniel levy tried to persuade tim sherwood to stay on at the club after sacking him from the head coach role . levy sacked sherwood last may to bring in mauricio pochettino , ending the 46-year-old 's five-month stay in charge .
john goodwin , 75 , went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault . prosecutors said that atkinson , who pleaded not guilty , repeatedly sexually assaulted a student , who is now 24 years old , according to seacoastonline . the former student testified he did n't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed .
the body farm , which would be located in lithia , is a joint project between the university of south florida institute of anthropology and the hillsborough county sheriff 's office . it has the potential to offer forensic scientists and law-enforcement investigators a chance to see what happens to the bodies when they are left . five to ten bodies from usf 's after life body donation program would be buried or placed on two acres of the walter c. heinrich practical training center in lith
singer melissa plancarte , whose stage name is melissa : cartel princess , was filmed doing her midnight flit in the mexico 's michoacan state courthouse for her pop video ` since you left ' . clip shows glamorous pop star dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase .
jiang min says she has run out of cash and ca n't afford food , let alone medical treatment , for baby mengyu and their older daughter . her feet are webbed , and local reporters have cruelly dubbed the deformed extremities as ` trotters ' his wife phoned a restaurant where he previously worked .
the disgraced espn sports reporter has been suspended for a week . her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant . when she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status . despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend .
andrew caldwell , 21 , became infamous late last year for video of him screaming ' i do n't like mens no more - i like women , women ! ' . after a pastor at an evangelical megachurch claimed to have cured his homosexuality . he hit headlines in november after the footage surfaced of him being ` delivered ' by god .
pablo , 27 , and ilze zebolde , 31 , are off to a flying start as they approach their first year of their open-ended odyssey on the road . in 356 days so far they 've covered almost 7,000 miles -lrb- 11,131.92 km -rrb- and been through 16 countries .
an adorable green sea turtle pulled off the ultimate photo-bomb . the shallow water in apo island , negros oriental , philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles , so spottings are n't uncommon . however , it is rare that one of the endangered animals would come so close .
david rush , 33 , from lisburn , northern ireland , piled on the pounds . weighed 34st and was forced to order specialist xxxxxl clothes on the internet . the result of topping up his takeaway-heavy diet with six bags of crisps and two bottles of full-fat coca-cola a day .
stan cole , an iraq and afghanistan veteran , captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in loraine , texas . he took the footage with his friend ricky bailey while the two were out in a tractor on wednesday evening .
a group of parents have created a video that lifts the lid on what the first months with a new baby are really like . called extra storage space , the clip has already been viewed 600,000 times . more practical offerings include making room for date nights , getting onto a schedule as quickly as possible and not forgetting to indulge in a bit of personal time .
lewis hamilton remains the richest sportsman in britain with a fortune of # 88million . wayne rooney has overtaken jenson button to be in second place in the 2015 sunday times sport rich list . hamilton and actress olivia munn film scenes in rome for zoolander 2 on friday .
daniel sturridge is in danger of falling down the pecking order due to his poor injury record . england international will be absent once again on saturday at the hawthorns . liverpool have registered a firm interest in psv eindhoven 's memphis depay .
louis van gaal expects ryan giggs to succeed him as manchester united manager when the time comes . the welshman had a spell in temporary charge of the 20-time english champions following the dismissal of david moyes last season . the 41-year-old won a remarkable 25 trophies , including 13 barclays premier league titles and two champions leagues .
ben stokes pulled his shirt across his mouth before smiling at marlon samuels , as if to declare a truce in their feud . england go into the last day here , just as they did in antigua , needing eight wickets to have any chance of the victory they so badly need in this series .
adam johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming . sunderland announced on friday that johnson will remain available for selection and he is set to feature at stoke . johnson could face up to 14 years in prison if found guilty .
manchester united have offered goalkeeper david de gea the world 's best-paid goalkeeper on # 200,000-a-week to keep him at old trafford . there has been speculation that the 24-year-old will move back to spain to join real madrid this summer .
ilkay gundogan is the leading contender to fill michael carrick 's midfield role . manchester united will seek to sign him this summer as part of another huge spending frenzy . the 24-year-old has the ability to take over from carrick on a long-term basis .
wladimir klitschko has recalled his dramatic rise to the top on the eve of his world title defence against undefeated bryant jennings . the ukrainian superstar will make his return to us soil for the first time in seven years when he takes on the slick philadelphian at the iconic madison square garden in new york .
ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career . the 20-time champion jockey has been booked for mr mole in the grade one ap mccata celebration chase at 3.15 . his last ever mount will be box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle which has drawn a 20-runner line-up .
the red mazda careered off the road up someone 's drive and crashed straight into the front door of a house in crossgates , leeds . it hit the property with such force that the car , which has its front end completely destroyed int he crash . incredibly , no-one was seriously injured in the accident .
the study of 1,302 german couples found working men did just two hours of housework each day , which almost doubled to 3.9 hours when they retired . but they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home female partners when it comes to sharing the burden . women who did not work did 6.8 hours before their husband 's retired .
shaun andrew mckerry , dubbed boomerang boy or homing pigeon boy , burst into shildon post office and stores , county durham , at 8pm on march 15 . masked 31-year-old waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant andrea brighty , but he did not see owner sab dhillon 's rugby tackle which dropped him to the floor , sending shelves and produce tumbling .
jesse o'brien was taken by his mother heidi , 37 , to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness . the video of jesse , from kesgrave , suffolk , has had more than one million hits in just a week .
the world cup trophy named the webb ellis cup in honour of the schoolboy called william who made the daring decision to disregard the rules in 1823 . today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport , alongside its own rich history of ` muscular christianity ' led by its most famous headmaster .
patrick vieira 's manchester city under 21s lost to west ham on friday . olivier ntcham pulled back a goal for city but it was not enough . the hammers will be looking to overturn a 3-1 deficit at stamford bridge . a djair parfitt-williams cross came in from the right and full back potts was the surprise recipient .
jose mourinho hit back at arsene wenger during his pre-match press conference on friday . arsenal have been brilliant since the turn of the year , but they were downright awful at home to monaco . chelsea crashed out of europe they were , as usual , snarling and disputing every decision .
eden hazard joined chelsea for # 32million in 2012 , an amount arsenal could not afford to fork out . wenger believes the gong will be a shootout between hazard and arsenal 's alexis sanchez . the 24-year-old has scored 18 and assisted 10 goals in 43 starts .
manchester city wanted isco when he left malaga two years ago . it was a tough decision coming after his admission that the coach he had worked with on the costa del sol was like a footballing father to him . isco rarely starts for real madrid when all of carlo ancelotti 's main options are fit .
tottenham are ready to grant emmanuel adebayor a free transfer . the togolese 's move to spurs has proved a massive financial burden . but the club would still preferably receive a fee for the striker . the 31-year-old has n't been a regular under mauricio pochettino .
francis coquelin is looking forward to his duel with chelsea midfielder nemanja matic on sunday at the emirates stadium . the frenchman has made 23 appearances for arsenal this season . the 23-year-old was drafted back into the arsenal squad from a loan spell at charlton in december .
chelsea beat arsenal 6-0 at stamford bridge last season . jose mourinho was visibly surprised by a question he was asked at his press conference . the portuguese coach praised the ` top question ' before composing himself and giving an equally ambiguous answer . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
anthony mcgill beat mark selby 10-9 in the opening round of the betfred world championships . the 24-year-old has tipped the former junior pot black runner-up to take the trophy in sheffield one day . qualifier mcgil exuded calm assurance as he saw off the defending champion 13-9 to book a quarter-final place .
pep guardiola is to return to the nou camp for the first time since leaving in 2012 . real madrid face juventus in the other semi-final . the draw was made at uefa 's headquarters in nyon , switzerland on friday . luis suarez , lionel messi and gerard pique are all smiles in barcelona training .
pep guardiola will be reintroduced to barcelona in the champions league semi-finals . the bayern munich coach must think of a way to stop the superb lionel messi . guardiola nurtured messi into the best player in the world while manager at the nou camp .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i recall when a hard man could take no more ... the no mas fight . sugar ray leonard v roberto duran , thomas hearns and marvin hagler engaging each other in some of the ring 's epic battles .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's weigh-in have sold out within minutes on friday evening . tickets for the pair 's face-off on may 1 , 24 hours before their mega-fight in las vegas went on sale . the mgm resorts box office was overwhelmed with calls with boxing fan ryan o'hara .
rafa benitez 's napoli will play dnipro , while fiorentina have the tantalising prospect of facing holders sevilla over two legs . the draw for the europa league semi-final was made on friday morning at uefa 's headquarters in nyon .
joe root impressed with the bat on day four of the second test in grenada . yorkshire county cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves after anderson 's careless run out as he made his way back to the pavilion . root was denied the chance of scoring 200 runs against the west indies .
sam burgess starred for bath as mike ford 's men moved within one point of aviva premiership leaders northampton . burgess claimed the man-of-the-match award and was among the try-scorers along with leroy houston , jonathan joseph , matt banahan and semesa rokoduguni .
west indies batted themselves into a position of relative comfort on day four . root was in superb touch on his way to 182 not out in the morning session . but for the second match in a row england 's hopes of pushing for victory were railroaded by a dead pitch that was arguably better for run-making than on day one .
joe root reached the milestone aged 24 years , 115 days quicker . root did get there in fewer innings than india great sachin tendulkar . stokes ' dad , gerard , saw funny side tweet : ` great send off marlon samuels ' . england are one short of the record of four run-out woe .
jurgen klopp has announced he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . the charismatic manager is also under pressure at liverpool . liverpool are set for a third trophyless season after they were dumped out of the fa cup by aston villa on sunday .
divock origi has revealed that the progress of jordon ibe has left him counting the days until he makes his anfield bow . belgium striker was signed by liverpool in a # 10million deal after impressing at the 2014 world cup in brazil . origi believes the backing of liverpool 's supporters will help him elevate his game .
alex song believes cameroon goalkeeper carlos kameni could have played at one of the top teams in the premier league . song has also played for arsenal as well as representing cameroon at international level . he believes rigobert song is a similar character like puyol . song believes he never gives up and shows a fighting spirit .
paula radcliffe says she is likely to cry when she runs the final race of her career . the paris saint-germain world record holder says she has never been far from tears in her career as she was at the 2004 athens olympics . radcliffe has battled with an injury to her left foot .
sportsmail 's guide takes you through the permutations in the championship , league one , league two and the conference . watford can be promoted if they win and one of bournemouth or middlesbrough lose and norwich fail to win . the situation at the bottom is complicated by rotherham 's three-point deduction for fielding an ineligible player .
usain bolt says tyson gay should have been given a longer ban for drugs cheating . gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities . bolt said he felt ` let down ' by the american sprinter and is not looking forward to competing against a man he used to respect .
pepe guardiola must work out how to prevent his side 's old vulnerabilities returning against barcelona . bayern munich can not afford to be off their game against wolfsburg in the bundesliga and the minor inconvenience of a german cup semi-final against dortmund . the final four of european 's premier competition will all feel they have a real chance of adding to their titles .
cesc fabregas will be making his first return to the emirates since leaving arsenal in 2011 . the 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north london this weekend . he will surely win the league , having already won the capital one cup , but what has he lost at the club that made him ?
matt giteau could be a glorious asset at the showpiece tournament . england 's pack demolished australia at scrum-time during last november 's 26-17 victory at twickenham . joseph looks like a nice player and they 've got some good options .
steven davis says southampton have an advantage over spurs . the former argentina defender last season led saints to their best ever premier league points tally during a memorable campaign at st mary 's . davis ' assertions come as mauricio pochettino heads to southampton for the first time since leaving .
the millers fielded derby defender farrend rawson in their 1-0 win against brighton on easter monday . the football league maintain the paperwork for his extension was n't handled properly . they have until may 1 to appeal the decision and could have ramifications with an ultimate decision likely to be taken after the season has finished .
john carver says his old club would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play instead of just five . the magpies will set a new club record of seven straight premier league defeats should they be beaten at home by swansea . newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone .
wayne rooney spotted filling up # 100,000 range rover just a couple of days after his side 's loss to chelsea . manchester united struggled to break down and create clear-cut chances . rooney did n't look best pleased with the photographer as he scowled at his picture being taken .
marouane fellaini was not playing by the doorman at the club 's hotel . jose mourinho prepared his chelsea players to deal with the threat . but he feared his tactical master plan was set to be for nothing when the manchester united man was told that the man was n't playing .
patrick bamford is on loan at the riverside stadium from chelsea . the 21-year-old beat competition from ipswich town 's daryl murphy and watford 's troy deeney to claim the overall sky bet championship player of the year award . the talented midfielder 's performances have led to a summer move to tottenham .
ryan giggs , paul scholes , gary neville , nicky butt and and andrew cole went out for dinner just hours after their former side 's 1-0 defeat by chelsea . cole took to twitter to upload an image of himself alongside four of his former colleagues and their respective partners at a restaurant table .
manchester united target memphis depay looks set to leave psv . 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season . dutch international has been tipped to join one of europe 's big boys . marcel brands confirmed interest from ` big clubs ' .
tim howard joined everton in the community 's powered wheelchair football team for a training session at croxteth sports centre last week . the toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third in the wfa national league in the championship division . the u.s international joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal for a short game .
floyd mayweather splashed out on a $ 210,000 mercedes-maybach s600 . mayweather goes head-to-head with boxing rival pacquiao on may 2 . the 38-year-old posted a video on his instagram page showing off the latest member of his sports car collection .
jack grealish took to twitter shortly after arriving at wembley stadium . the 19-year-old said : ` thanks for the messages !!! utv -lrb- up the villa -rrb- ' . aston villa face liverpool in the fa cup semi-final on sunday .
thiago silva is recuperating at home from a thigh injury . zlatan ibrahimovic , marco verratti and thiago motta all joined silva . david luiz is still not fully fit as he recovers from a injury . psg face nice on saturday in the champions league .
eugenie bouchard is playing in the fed cup world group play-off against romania this weekend . the canadian star refused to shake hands with alexandra dulgheru . the 21-year-old has suffered four defeats in her past six matches as the world no 7 struggles to regain form on the wta tour .
javier hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs in the champions league quarter-final second leg against real madrid . cristiano ronaldo opened the scoring in the 76th minute as atletico madrid were forced to play with 10 men . arda turan sent off by german referee felix brych .
juventus face bayern munich , barcelona and real madrid in the champions league semi-final on friday . arturo vidal gave them from the penalty spot in the first leg . andrea pirlo and carlos tevez react at the full-time whistle as their 0-0 win against monaco proved a victory for the italians .
neil harris 's side have four points adrift of fourth-bottom rotherham . rudy gestede and jordan rhodes have two players that millwall simply do not . the big striker bagged goal number 20 for the season as he continues his excellent form for rovers .
floyd mayweather bought his son a bentley golf cart for his 15th birthday . he also bought over 100 cars over the last 18 years , including 16 rolls-royces . the boxer also has a third , which cost him more than $ 3m each . mayweather posted the image to his instagram account of his ferrari enzo .
the biggest fight in boxing history has sold out within a minute of going on sale with tickets for floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao at the mgm grand in las vegas . just minutes after 8pm uk time , tickets for the richest bout in history began appearing on the secondary market with one ticket going for a cool $ 128,705 -lrb- # 85,508 -rrb- on stubhub . after weeks of wrangling and accusations between mayweather promotions and
memphis depay had a secret meeting with manchester united on wednesday . depay jetted to england with representatives including his agent kees ploegsma for a summit with a united delegation led by manager louis van gaal . united are leading the hunt for the pacy holland international but face opposition from paris saint - germain while liverpool have also expressed an interest .
dietmar hamann believes bastian schweinsteiger should leave bayern munich at the end of the season . the world cup winner was an unused substitute in bayern 's 6-1 champions league win over porto on tuesday . hamann also expressed his doubts over whether injured winger franck ribery would fit seamlessly back into the side when fit .
pep guardiola will return to the nou camp in the champions league semi-finals . the final will be played on may 5-6 , with his bayern munich team return matches on may 12-13 . juventus vs real madrid is the other semi-final on june 6 .
javier hernandez scored the winner against atletico madrid on wednesday . the mexican has only started twice in la liga for carlo ancleotti 's side . manchester united and real madrid agreed a potential deal last season worth around # 15m to include the striker 's season loan .
young met singer-songwriter olly murs outside manchester united 's aon training complex ahead of mutv filming . former reds striker andy ritchie and helen evans hosted the light-hearted mutv programme . young is known for being the resident dj at the red devils .
patrick bamford , joe garner and danny mayor crowned player of the year . ipswich town 's daryl murphy second in the voting ahead troy deeney . callum wilson is the first of three bournemouth players with midfielders grant leadbitter and harry arter .
lionel messi , neymar jnr and luis suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season . the three amigos will match the total scored by thierry henry , samuel eto'o and messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political , social and cultural undertones , the scale of expectation and outside influences .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially . the fight voted the greatest sporting event of the 20th century . the rumble in the jungle was the brainchild of promotional genius don king backed by the multi-million dollar investment through which zaire president mobuto sese seko hoped to excite his people into keeping him in power .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action . the biggest fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . the fight was billed as a political war between an america struggling to emerge from the great depression and a germany provoking armed conflict in europe by annexing austria .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political , social and cultural undertones . where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history . sportsmail takes a look at the two men 's achievements , in and out of the ring , ahead of their $ 300m mega-fight on may 2 .
qpr boss chris ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the premier league . ramsey 's side host west ham on saturday as they look to climb out of the relegation zone with four games left . it will be the same at newcastle , aston villa , leicester , sunderland and hull .
chelsea trained at their base in cobham on friday ahead of the game . didier drogba has an excellent record against arsenal and could start up front . eden hazard is in line to be named pfa player of the year this weekend . dominic solanke is in reserve , having missed chelsea 's under 21 team match on thursday .
inverness defender josh meekings saw his cup-final ban thrown out . caley thistle challenged his one-game suspension for denying celtic an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberate handball . it has emerged the highland club 's lawyers successfully argued that sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan had no right to bring the case .
arsenal take on aston villa in the fa cup final on may 30 . tim sherwood 's villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final . they picked their claret and blue home kit for the wembley showpiece . alexis sanchez is congratulated after scoring arsenal 's semi-final winner against reading .
 tigers are fourth-bottom of the premier league with one of the toughest run-ins facing them . tigers boss steve bruce revealed players ' contracts have been set up to protect the club financially in the event of relegation . bruce hopes mo diame will recover from a training knock to face crystal palace at the weekend .
raheem sterling says he pays no attention to criticism levelled at him . england international has been abused by his own fans over his decision to put deal talks on hold after rejecting an offer worth # 90,000-per-week . sterling is wanted by all the premier league 's top clubs , as well as real madrid and juventus are monitoring his contract situation .
tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for marseille midfielder florian thauvin . the 22-year-old winger was the subject of enquiries from tottenham earlier in the year . valencia and chelsea have also watched the france under 21 international in action .
marouane fellaini returns to goodison park on sunday for the first time since his # 27million move from everton . the belgium international is set for a more hostile reception than juan mata received at his old club chelsea last weekend . united are gearing up for a trip to everton , and the game will be fallenaini 's first return to his former club .
darrell clarke revealed how bristol rovers fell out of the football league for the first time since 1920 . if he had spent the entire press conference scratching his head in silence no-one would have blamed him . the circumstances were extraordinary , the chance they have on saturday for quick redemption is made all the more fascinating because of what happened in that crazy finale .
hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as bob marley . fans have a history of fancy dress travelling as the smurfs to charlton in 2012 . kick it out have urged carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who might decide to ` black up ' for the occasion .
chelsea are set to follow tottenham 's lead and take part in a post-season friendly down under in june . the blues are holding ongoing talks with sydney bosses and should they agree terms . the concept of fulfilling commercial obligations straight after a premier league campaign is appealing to clubs .
rafa benitez has reached his seventh european semi-final in 12 seasons . napoli are the fourth club he has taken to the latter stages of a competition . the spaniard guided liverpool to champions league glory in 2005 . he beat a marseille side spearheaded by didier drouain in 2004 .
manchester city are rivalling manchester united and arsenal for valenciennes teenage defender dayot upamecano . the 16-year-old almost joined united in january transfer window only for him to opt to stay in france for a few more months . centre-back umecano has played for france at u16 and u17 level .
javier hernandez , 26 , is on loan at real from manchester united . striker nicknamed the little pea has started only twice in la liga for carlo ancelotti and will return to old trafford at the end of the season . west ham have a list of primarily young transfer targets ahead of their final season at upton park .
the mlb witnessed scenes more suited to the ice-hockey rink or grid-iron field on thursday night . in the seventh innings of a game between the kansas city royals and rivals chicago white sox both sets of players became embroiled in a mass brawl . umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at chicago 's us cellular field in illinois .
warrington beat sheffield eagles 29-10 at headingley in 1997 . the rhinos were already trailing 20-4 when the former england skipper entered the action five minutes into the second half . prop adam cuthbertson was held up over the line but then it was virtually all warrington as they established a stranglehold on the game .
tyson fury hopes wladimir klitschko will fight bryant jennings in new york . fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion and hopes to lure him to england in the autumn . the heavyweight champion has held a portion of the world title since 2000 but fury is convinced he is the man to beat him .
toulon have announced the signing of australia star quade cooper . the 27-year-old will move to france this summer following players like will genia , james horwill and adam ashley-cooper . bernard foley is favourite to wear the wallabies number 10 shirt for their world cup campaign .
hudson swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the zurich classic lead with boo weekley . second-round play was suspended friday because of the threat of severe weather . weekley , the first-round leader after a 64 , also was 11 under with three holes left . jason day , ranked sixth in the world , was 5 under for the round through 14 holes .
joe burgess scored his first super league hat-trick as wigan beat warrington 80-0 in their previous league game . the sydney-bound winger was in fine form for the wildcats , who remain rooted to the foot of the table . wakefield gave a debut to widnes loanee prop ben kavanagh , a first start to young loose forward jordan crowther .
the fire ripped through valley parade 's main stand during a third division match against lincoln city on may 11 , 1985 . players , managers and fans will stand for a minute to mark the 30th anniversary of the disaster . the top four tiers of the game will remember them this weekend . the football league will be supporting efforts to raise # 300,000 for the plastic surgery and burns research unit at the university of bradford .
florent malouda has picked his #one2eleven stars he played alongside throughout his career on sky sports ' fantasy football club . the former chelsea winger won the barclays premier league in 2010 and 2012 champions league . maloudan is a real defender with lots of experience .
juventus beat monaco 0-0 in the champions league final on wednesday . andriy shevchenko scored the winning penalty to condemn juventus to defeat . juve are back among the continent 's elite after a long journey . the 12-year gap between now and that night at old trafford has been one of twists and turns .
the ivorian 's cv tells the story of a player who has always placed pragmatism above sentiment when it comes to his choice of clubs . toure has struggled to impose himself upon games for city in the manner seen in previous seasons . he has started to play and sound like an unhappy footballer .
david pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for australian super rugby team . the brumbies were on their way to a win against the highlanders at canberra stadium on friday night . the flanker was actually doing sign language for a friend , which pococks pointed out in reply .
sally gordon-smith , 14 , was last seen leaving her school in keilor east . she was described by police as caucasian , 150cm tall , with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair . her family and police have appealed for anyone who has seen her to contact . police confirmed she was still missing early on saturday morning .
a woman known only by her email address as missiesmile21 has taped posters to the city 's light posts to find the ` tall , charming gentleman ' who offered her his umbrella to cross the street . the ` love call ' notices are posted at traffic lights on sydney 's george street near australia square .
as many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches . these range from bruises and sprains to fractures , torn ligaments and at worst , concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord . professor allyson pollock wants rugby to be played more at school .
researchers from cnrs-gate in lyon and the university of california analysed behaviour of both sexes when the study participants were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team . study could have implications for other areas outside sport , such as in the workplace where greater gender diversity could bring advantages .
apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone . the forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming apple watch sport edition . the metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by apple to make it lighter .
the venus x has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory . the mouse provides ` enhanced modern technology and classic design that fits all gamers and bring style to gaming ' . some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body 's flight or fight response , causing adrenaline to surge through gamers ' bodies and prepare the body for physical activity .
french free diver guillame nry jumped into dean 's blue hole in the bahamas . the hole is 660ft -lrb- 200 metres -rrb- deep , although he does n't go to the bottom . the video was filmed in 2010 by the frenchman 's girlfriend and fellow freediver julie gautier . in order to stay alive , the brain is constantly telling the body to breathe . if you do n't obey its primitive urges ,
an analogue promotional watch from apple is listed on the internet auction site with a ` buy it now ' price of $ 2,499.99 -lrb- # 1,707.47 -rrb- plus postage . for the same price as the 1997 timepiece , apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest apple watch sport , which cost # 299 in the uk . however , it is still cheaper than the apple watch edition , which costs upwards of # 8,000 -lr
footage reveals just how close elon musk 's firm came to success . the unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over . on tuesday , spacex came incredibly close to landing its falcon 9 rocket booster on a barge in the middle of the atlantic .
didier drogba left chelsea for shanghai shenhua in 2012 . the ivorian striker has 15 goals in 15 games for the blues . the 31-year-old averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against his team . the chellsea striker is expected to overcome a knock and return to the emirates .
the short film has been developed on an oculus rift - a virtual reality headset - by italy 's university of udine 's hci lab . it is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water . following a series of bird strikes , both engines failed , and the airbus a320 piloted by captain chesley b. sullenberger was forced to land in the hudson river . incredibly of the 155 on
several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky over west pittston in luzerne county on monday morning . residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead . the bulk of the debris landed in the well-kept front garden and trees at the home of paula viccica .
research by travel website goeuro found british passport is the 11th most expensive of 51 countries included in the study . it takes a worker earning minimum wage 11 hours to pay it off . turkey has the most affordable passport at just # 9 , while turkey is the most expensive at # 166 .
in a recent q&a on the social media site , ceo and co-founder , mark zuckerberg , opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role . ` it will be pretty wild , ' he replied to a follower online , according to arynews.tv .
gabriel ng spent countless hours filming religious sites and beauty spots . the result is a six-minute video containing breathtaking sights that make it clear why thailand is a favourite destination for tourists . the full-length video offers a glimpse into everyday life on the island of ko samui , plus scenes from a street party and fireworks exploding just feet from the drone .
zach birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet . after exhaling air , he begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner . suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera , a minor avalanche occurs behind him .
the chosen candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer . the lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in new york and four other cities . the trip will last for six weeks and take place during june and july .
england 's withdrawal from historic victory shield for under 16s has worsened relations between the fa and the other home nations . officials in scotland , wales and northern ireland were unhappy to find out about the fa ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman greg dyke . this is seen as another example of fa ` arrogance ' following the english telling fifa that they want to send great britain football teams to the rio olympics without informing
dick advocaat was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on thursday . the 27-year-old has not been suspended by his sunderland club despite the charges . he will not bow to pressure by dropping johnson despite his charges .
sergio ramos was the first man carlo ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of real madrid 's champions league win over atletico madrid on wednesday . the two kept it between themselves and it worked on the night . ramos is one of those players for whom the old liverpool song about jamie carragher ` we all dream of a team of carraghers ' would be appropriate .
iker casillas says he will fight for the no 1 jersey rather than leave real madrid . the 33-year-old has been at the bernabeu since breaking into the team . manchester united no 1 de gea has been linked with a summer return . click here for all the latest transfer news .
eden hazard was filmed as part of a feature for queens park rangers defender rio ferdinand 's ' 5 ' magazine . the belgian star left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork as he handed out a lesson in ball control . the 24-year-old will be a key man for jose mourinho 's side .
survey conducted by yougov for higher education school , gsm london . 600 employees and senior executives were surveyed to find out their biggest resume peeves . worst cv blunder is spelling or grammar mistakes , with 87 per cent of 600 employers admitting that they find it annoying . other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information .
real housewives of orange county star katie said there was no ` big fight or blow up ' which caused their marriage to end . the divorce petition was filed in late february in tarrant county , texas , where hamilton played five seasons with the texas rangers before moving to la .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao go head-to-head in las vegas on saturday . the two boxers have revealed a dozen oddities about themselves . ramen noodle soup is one of his go-to favourite meals and he does n't like five star restaurants .
the husky has an injury to his right rear leg , possibly the result of being hit by a car . he is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange , which has sparked secondary skin infections . he was wearing a collar when he was picked up on monday in the banksia park area , in adelaide 's north-eastern suburbs .
fiona , 51 , said she knew the assailant had ` picked the wrong lady ' . she said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage . as she was trying to push the unidentified assailant out the door fiona fell and bashed her face on the doorway . she was left with heavy purple bruising around her right eye .
audrey nethery , from kentucky , has diamond blackfan anemia -lrb- dba -rrb- . the condition does n't stop her from dancing , which she does incredibly well to bruno mars ' chart-topping hit uptown funk in a widely-watched video that her family posted on her facebook page .
lewis hamilton is interviewed by three-time world champion sir jackie stewart . hamilton crosses the line in bahrain ahead of kimi raikkonen . the 30-year-old drove in an era when a driver racing for five years had a two in three chance of dying .
rosberg has again found himself playing second fiddle to hamilton so far this season . but rosberg could only finish third behind hamilton and ferrari star kimi raikkonen at the bahrain international circuit . he proved over the course of the race he still has what it takes .
mick schumacher made his first steps towards single-seater racing in 2015 . the 16-year-old , son of seven-time f1 world champion michael , drew huge media interest to the oschersleben circuit in germany . the young protege began karting seven years ago , and this year reached the german formula 4 - a racing category used as a stepping stone by junior drivers .
the man , from palm beach in brisbane 's south , reportedly set an australian flag on fire at the shrine of remembrance in anzac square on friday afternoon . police told daily mail australia they arrested the 66-year-old for a ` breach of the peace ' at around 1pm .
hundreds were evacuated from a circus big top after the weather system tore through the sides during an acrobatics show in angleton on friday night . more than 1000 homes lost power between houston and dallas on saturday . cars were left floating in harris county in half a foot of rain water .
the rescue mission was captured on camera and features mr cowell . he travels to the cub 's location in his car in leatherhead , surrey . he notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position and that it has been stuck around 40 minutes so in desperate need of being set free .
frankie franz watched the spanish right-back pull off the trick shot in a video recorded at barcelona 's ciutat esportiva training ground . the video shows the 23-year-old defender lifting the ball into the net to the sound of gasps from his team mates at the catalonia club .
shannon hayes , 12 , believes her pet hens a place in the guinness book of records . after doing some research on the internet , she thinks its length of 1.8 cm -- smaller than a 5p coin -- shaves two millimetres off the previous title-holder .
jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball 's pyramid near lord howe island , in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand . the wing-suit pilot , dubbed the flying dagger , has described the world 's tallest volcanic stack as ` the single most beautiful place i have ever been ' .
the worst storm in a decade in nsw has killed three people , left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos with severe flash flooding . on tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres , according to the manly hydraulics laboratory , but this one later in the day appears even larger . a staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in dungog , in the hunter region of new south wales , marking the heaviest rainfall the area has seen in 100 years
lewis hamilton took to the water after winning the bahrain grand prix . the mercedes driver enjoyed a jet surf session on tuesday evening . hamilton said : ` perfect day to be on the water !! love being home , but the waters still freezing !! #jetsurf ' .
lewis hamilton has conceded to feeling more powerful now than at any stage in his f1 career . it is an ominous warning from a man who has won nine of the last 11 grands prix , been on pole at the last four . hamilton is congratulated by ferrari rival kimi raikkonen on sunday .
james wilson would take wayne rooney 's free-kick-taking ability if he could have one of his qualities . the manchester united starlet said earlier this season that he was using his opportunity training with the first team to learn from the three experienced forwards . wilson has scored one premier league goal this season , against queens park rangers .
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board . it desperately needs fixing if england are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket again . there are deep systemic problems . too many of the current selectors and coaches are from the old guard .
stan collymore sat in the villa park press box where media impartiality is taken for granted , was jumping up and down during the game . he even greeted qpr 's joey barton falling down to win a free-kick by clearly shouting at him : ` you f ****** rat ' .
luis suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting italy defender giorgio chiellini during the world cup in brazil . the uruguayan was condemned by world football but still completed a # 75million move from liverpool to the la liga side . his wife sofia has revealed that the barcelona star told her he did n't believe that he had done anything but the television replays suggested otherwise .
sunderland are under pressure to suspend adam johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl . johnson has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 . if found guilty , johnson faces a lengthy prison term .
sunderland will not suspend adam johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl . johnson has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 - the same day sunderland travel to arsenal . if found guilty , johnson could face a lengthy prison term .
adam johnson , 27 , charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming . the footballer will now appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20 . the offences are alleged to have been committed on one girl aged 15 at the time .
eden hazard is closing in on a first premier league title after another impressive season . chelsea playmaker is favourite to pick up the pfa player of the year award . manchester united legend paul scholes believes hazard needs to be more ruthless to be compared with the world 's best players .
wladimir klitschko will fight joe louis in boxing 's record books with his 27th heavyweight title fight on saturday . the 39-year-old ukrainian has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade and shown no signs of slowing down . the american has 17 successful defenses in a row since winning the crown for the second time in 2006 .
wladimir klitschko has reached rare territory among heavyweight champions . he faces bryant jennings on april 25 at new york 's madison square garden . he will risk his heavyweight belt for the 18th time . the fight will take place within one successful defense of holmes .
paul nicholls-trained mr mole is bracketed with irish raider special tiara and nicky henderson 's sprinter sacre . he will be ridden by cheltenham gold cup winner nico de boinville in the absence of injured barry geraghty .
ap mccoy won the grand national in 2010 on do n't push it . he won the cheltenham gold cup for a second time when he steered synchronised home in 2012 . in the final furlong of a glittering career , winning on capard king at ayr last weekend .
chris gayle is currently in india ahead of this year 's ipl tournament . the 35-year-old will be hoping to win royal challengers bangalore . the challengers travel to kolkata knight riders on saturday looking to make amends for the past three years where they have missed out on the play-offs altogether .
wayne rooney enjoyed a kick-around with neil overend and hayden reid . the england captain has been interviewed by little ant and dec for itv 's saturday night takeaway programme . rooney admitted that he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name in the streets .
paris saint-germain star david luiz 's ` joker ' status in dressing room at chelsea was well documented . the 36-year-old was part of a duo who conspired to dunk his face into his cake on his special day as psg prepare for their ligue 1 trip to face marseille on sunday .
manny pacquiao traded hill runs and graft in the wild card boxing gym for a touch of hollywood glamour . the filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $ 300million superfight against floyd mayweather on may 2 . the pair laughed throughout their interview at universal studios hollywood on april 1 .
ronda rousey , the ufc 's bantamweight champion , appears in the latest movie in the franchise to be released on april 3 in the uk . she stepped out in a sleek black dress handmade by london designers house of cb and a pair of tania spinelli heels for the event at the tcl chinese theatre in hollywood .
diego maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game and guided argentina to world cup glory in 1986 . the 54-year-old started with some shots to the head before turning his attention to the body . but now he has not worked since leaving united arab emirates club al-wasl in 2012 .
bayern munich have an interest in chelsea defender branislav ivanovic . the 31-year-old serbia captain has yet to open talks over a new contract . the cheliverpool defender is poised to leave stamford bridge . psg are set to make a # 7million bid for petr cech in the summer .
inter milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent # 15million deal . the 25-year-old striker is keen to return to italy after making just 39 appearances since his # 22million move from fiorentina in 2013 . city would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan deal for the montenegro international .
victor wanyama 's stock has risen in the premier league since arriving at southampton from celtic . the southampton midfielder claims that he has never spoken to arsene wenger over a move to the emirates . the 23-year-old was linked with the gunners before moving to southampton for # 12.5 million in 2013 .
javier hernandez scored the goal of his life on wednesday night . the mexico international broke down in tears after scoring against atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final . real are unlikley to take up an option of making the man united star 's loan permanent .
alan pardew is planning a busy summer in the transfer market after taking over at palace and leading the team on an incredible run of form . the 53-year-old made the shock decision to leave newcastle in january but maintains that he is happy with current no 1 goalkeeper julian speroni .
radamel falcao has scored only four goals since arriving from monaco . juventus have ruled out a move for the colombia striker . the 29-year-old is unlikely to remain at the club after failing to force his way into louis van gaal 's starting xi .
paulo dybala has scored 13 league goals for palermo this season . the 21-year-old has also attracted interest from the likes of manchester united , arsenal , paris saint-germain and atletico madrid . reports in italy suggest juventus have offered # 23million for the striker .
gareth bale is out of real 's champions league quarter-final second leg against atletico madrid . the welshman is hoping to be back in time for the champions league semi-finals should the holders qualify . real madrid have also privately declared their interest in making david de gea the long-term successor to iker casillas .
kevin de bruyne has attracted interest from manchester city , bayern munich and paris saint-germain . the belgium international has been linked with a move away from chelsea . the 23-year-old has a four-year contract at wolfsburg so we will have to see what they want to do .
inter milan target yaya toure has hinted he is open to leaving manchester city this summer . the 31-year-old is wanted by his former manager roberto mancini . toure is challenged by west ham 's mark noble during city 's 2-0 win at the etihad .
kurt zouma has revealed he hopes to one day win the ballon d'or . the french defender has impressed at the heart of the chelsea defence . he has been learning his trade alongside gary cahill and john terry . but he claims he has no regrets over leaving his native france .
manchester united have made an official approach for memphis depay . the eredivisie champions have confirmed that the red devils have made a move over the holland international . louis van gaal is already familiar with the qualities of depay having named him in his 23-man world cup squad last year .
arsenal must make a swift decision on petr cech this summer or risk losing out on the goalkeeper . the chelsea shot-stopper looks certain to leave stamford bridge at the end of the season after losing the no 1 spot to thibaut courtois . cech will hold talks with manager jose mourinho at the club .
manchester city are preparing bids for raheem sterling , ross barkley and jay rodriguez as part of a summer anglification of their squad . the club are well aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level with the departure of frank lampard and uncertainty over james milner 's future .
west ham are showing interest in crystal palace midfielder james mcarthur . the scotland international only joined palace last summer in a deal worth # 7million . the 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 premier league appearances for the eagles . click here for all the latest west ham news .
manchester city are keeping tabs on juventus striker alvaro morata . the spain international left real madrid but opted for a move to italy instead . real have a buy-back option set at around # 15million . morata closes down lazio goalkeeper federico marchetti .
danny wilson has decided to leave the club this summer . the defender activated a clause in his contract at tynecastle . wilson initially joined hearts on loan from liverpool in january 2013 . celtic manager ronny deila has the former rangers player on a list of his summer targets .
carlos tevez is yet to make a final decision on his future . the 31-year-old 's future was thrown into doubt when boca juniors president daniel angelici claimed he was ` close to bringing carlos home ' . tevez has refuted claims suggesting he will rejoin the club .
carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus . the former manchester city striker 's deal with the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season . the 31-year-old has already decided to leave the club this summer . tevez 's international manager tata martino claims any potential move would have no bearing on the player 's future .
edinson cavani is set to stay at paris saint-germain until his contract expires . manchester united have been considering a bid for the striker . radamel falcao expected to return to monaco , and robin van persie failed to hold down a starting place . cavani has not been as instrumental to the club 's fortunes this season .
psv captain georginio wijnaldum has been linked with a move to manchester united , arsenal and newcastle . the 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for the dutch giants this season . the psv captain could help his club end their seven-year wait for the eredivisie title if they beat heerenveen at home on saturday .
oscar has been criticised by jose mourinho in recent weeks . chelsea want to strengthen in the summer and may need a high profile departure . juventus and liverpool are also interested in signing the 23-year-old midfielder . brazil boss carlos dunga advised them to buy oscar .
carlos tevez is under contract until the end of next season . the former manchester united , manchester city and west ham striker has always made clear that he wants to finish his career at boca juniors in argentina . italian paper corriere della sera insist that the club will not stand in tevez 's way .
sheffield wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season . the record has stood since 1978-79 in the days when jack charlton was manager . lees has been a key figure and like westwood is among the contenders for the club 's player of the year award .
patrick bamford has scored 17 goals in their push for promotion from the skybet championship . the 21-year-old is on loan at middlesbrough for the season . chelsea are keen to tie him down to a new long-term deal . aitor karanka will be hoping to inspire his side to promotion during the final three games of the championship campaign .
victor moses has returned to parent club chelsea for treatment . the winger damaged his hamstring in the 1-1 draw at west ham united . stoke are still keen to strike a permanent deal for the 24-year-old . the potters have opened talks with ligue 1 side evian .
chelsea will announce the # 4.5 million signing of brazilian wonderkid nathan on wednesday . the attacking midfielder has been in london for talks with the blues this week and passed a medical on tuesday . nathan is seen as the next big thing in south american football .
andre ayew is out of contract in the summer and free to talk to foreign clubs . the 25-year-old ghana international scored for ghana against world champions germany and usa in last summer 's world cup . swansea have expressed an interest in schalke full-back christian fuchs .
arsenal are having reservations over their interest in raheem sterling . the 20-year-old 's tempestuous fortnight has not gone unnoticed by members of the emirates stadium hierarchy . brendan rodgers has backed his wayward star but contract stand-off has created tension at liverpool .
real madrid legend zinedine zidane has ruled out the notion of the club selling gareth bale to manchester united this summer . bale joined the santiago bernabeu outfit for a world record # 86million from tottenham hotspur in 2013 . the 25-year-old wales international is in charge of real 's b team .
manchester city have decided to listen to offers for yaya toure and samir nasri this summer . manuel pellegrini under intense scrutiny following sunday 's 4-2 defeat by neighbours manchester united . but as city board refuse to give up on their manager just yet .
swansea city have expressed an interest in schalke full back christian fuchs . the 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the premier league . austria international captain fuchs is vastly experienced and renowned for his set-piece ability and crossing .
tottenham will offer nabil bentaleb a new deal in order to ward off interest from rival teams . clubs from across europe are monitoring the situation at white hart lane . bentaleb 's new deal is likely to see his wages rocket to around # 35,000-per-week .
helal abbas , 55 , lost his bid to become mayor of tower hamlets in east london . the race was won by lutfur rahman , 50 , a controversial figure . he has been accused in a separate high court case of rigging his re-election victory last year .
a time lapse video , filmed from the platform over a 45 minute period at 11am , shows the water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney 's south . at one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo . the murky flood water submerges the train line and begins moving like a river past the platform . the storm had passed by thursday , about 80 sets of traffic lights are still out across the city
grace joy roseman died after she managed to manoeuvre herself over the edge of her crib and a ` safety ridge ' cut off the oxygen to her brain . west sussex coroner penelope schofield issued a report expressing concern over the bednest bedside cot . she said urgent action must be taken to prevent future deaths .
the british star , who came under fire last year after telling a female audience member at one of his shows she was ` gagging for a rape ' , documented his journey to sydney via doha and melbourne . he joked about how women could n't resist him and despite his jibes being branded ` sexist ' his latest video shows he has n't changed tact . in a snapchat video filmed at doha airport and posted on his facebook page he chatted up two
footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the amber mountain national park on the northern edge of madagascar . it shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon . one of the chameleons twists in pain as the aggressor takes a huge bite out of him during their clash .
members of the new york police department claim the man , 30 , opened fire in the queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired . when he turned around to do so again he was shot dead . the suspect was taken to a local hospital where they later died .
rudy gestede has revealed his desire to play in the premier league . the 26-year-old has enjoyed a terrific season at ewood park netting 20 goals in the championship for gary bowyer 's side . the benin international has set his sights on a move away from the club .
celtic lost to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final last weekend . ronny deila said referees facing the media would help quell long-running furores and improve relationships . the celtic manager said he still had a positive view of officiating .
mauricio pochettino says he has no desire to be popular among southampton fans . argentine will be given a hostile reception at st mary 's on saturday . southampton supporters are planning to show support for their dutch manager ronald koeman and fitness coach jan kluitenberg .
alan pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost the club 's profile . the eagles boss slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds ' price-tag on crystal palace winger yannick bolasie . the former newcastle boss was able to make five permanent signings in january .
josh meekings ' saga took a new twist on friday when it emerged the sfa judicial panel had decided it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment in his case . on thursday , the inverness defender was cleared to play in the scottish cup final against falkirk on may 30 after a charge of deliberate handball to deny leigh griffiths in last sunday 's semi-final was thrown out .
lorient 's jordan ayew scored against marseille in a 5-3 away victory . pierre-andre gignac looked as if he can not believe it as early title contenders . yann jouffre 's free-kick saw ayew beat jeremy morel in the air .
ronald koeman has promised not leave southampton this summer . the dutch great took the reins of what many expected to be a sinking ship . koeman 's southampton only need a point to break their record premier league points tally set last season . click here for all the latest southampton news .
tottenham are considering a state-of-the-art stadium with a retractable pitch that enables them to become the home of a new franchise . the bold design of the new # 400m stadium could involve a ` slide-out ' grass football pitch with an nfl-style synthetic surface housed underneath . the option of extra-large changing rooms , to accommodate nfl squad sizes that can amount to as many as 70 players at a game .
west ham defender carl jenkinson has experienced an identical international limbo before . the 23-year-old has been an instant hit since breaking into the first team . the west ham defender is advising boy-of-the-moment grealish to do what feels right for him . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
west ham move to the olympic stadium in a year 's time to reduce season ticket prices for fans . manager sam allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any premier league club in a long time . the hammers became the first club to drop the price of their season tickets off the back of the premier league 's record three-year , # 5.13 bn television deal .
mauricio pochettino replaced nigel adkins on english shores at least . adkins led southampton to back-to-back promotions into the barclays premier league and was fighting valiantly to keep them in it . but cortese 's decision proved to be an astute one . he increased intensity in training and in matches , altered their style of play .
the decision to ban hardy followed a two-month nfl investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in february . hardy was informed in a letter by nfl commissioner roger goodell that the probe determined there was ` sufficient credible evidence that hardy engaged in conduct that violated nfl policies in multiple respects ' .
the nfl released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on tuesday night and , as is tradition , the reigning champions will host the opening game of the season . week one also features a prime-time showdown between the new york giants and their nfc east rivals dallas cowboys . this season will also see three games played at wembley stadium as part of the nfl international series .
former new england patriots star aaron hernandez found guilty on wednesday of first-degree murder in a deadly late-night shooting . conviction sealed downfall of an athlete who once had a $ 40million contract and a standout career ahead of him . the conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole .
jimmy graham signed a deal with seattle which gives russell wilson a 6ft 7in target to aim at him . bennett labelled the tight end ` soft ' and ` overrated ' , not to mention adding that ` he did n't like him as a person or a player ' .
chicago bears cornerback charles tillman has agreed a deal with the carolina panthers with the two-time pro bowler . tillman was a staple of lovie smith 's stingy defense , which propelled the bears to super bowl xli . the 34-year-old was a stalwart of their defense during his 12 years .
bell will miss the first three games for abusing the league 's substance abuse policy . he was stopped in his chevrolet camaro last august after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana . the pittsburgh steelers signed veteran running back deangelo williams in free agency .
stevan ridley has signed a one-year deal with the new york jets . the 26-year-old played just six games as the patriots won their sixth straight afc east title and went on to win the super bowl . ridley became the 15th player to join the jets in a frantic free agency .
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a dallas-area nightclub on wednesday morning . during a 2011 incident involving two guns when he playing for the tampa bay buccaneers , talib was accused of shooting a gun at his sister 's live-in boyfriend in garland , texas . during the latest incident , a shot was fired outside of club luxx in dallas , texas
sarah thomas will be a line judge for the 2015 season . the 41-year-old was in the league 's officiating development program in 2013-14 . she was the first female official on the fbs level and the first to officiate a bowl game , the 2009 little caesars pizza bowl in detroit .
lesean mccoy was shipped to the bills in exchange for linebacker kiko alonso and says kelly 's team has a college feel and that he does n't like star talent . i think he likes the fact that it 's `` chip kelly and the eagles '' , ' he told the philadephia enquirer .
the 30-year-old was due to be reinstated on april 15 , but according to nfl media insider ian rapoport , peterson will meet with the nfl this week . the vikings start offseason workouts in a fortnight and head coach mike zimmer has repeatedly spoken of his desire for peterson to stay .
the 42-year-old mother-of-three from mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge . the baltimore sun 's aaron wilson broke the story , with the nfl refusing to confirm the appointment . thomas will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season .
the 22-year-old londoner , who currently works in a warehouse in welwyn garden city , will fly out to texas next month for rookie mini-camp . obada only started playing american football half way through last season and was mentored by warriors defensive co-ordinator aden durde .
jacksonville jaguars have opened a competition for uk-based fans via nfluk.com . the winner will announce the draft picks live on sky sports in the uk and the nfl network in the united states . it will mark the first time that any part of nfl draft has taken place outside the us .
badou jack outpointed anthony dirrell on friday night at the uic pavilion . jack received 116-112 and 115-113 , and the third had it even at 114-114 . the las vegas-based swede was diagnosed with non-hodgkins lymphoma and sidelined for 20 months .
boxing fans hoping to attend the weigh-in for the welterweight showdown between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao must buy advance tickets . tickets will cost # 6.60 and will go on sale through mgm resorts call centre and box office on friday . the american and his opponent are preparing for the biggest and lucrative fight in the sports history .
nicola adams has had to withdraw from the english national championships . the olympic gold medallist had been due to contest the women 's 51kg flyweight division including a prospective final showdown against her great britain rival lisa whiteside . adams said : ` nothing makes me prouder than boxing on home ground with the support i get from the nation ' .
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . mayweather is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to mayweather . joe calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome . the welshman retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats .
luke rockhold beat lyoto machida by second-round submission in new jersey . rockhold wants a title shot and a shot at mma history in new york . the 36-year-old won his third straight fight via submission and looked at his best at the prudential center .
lyoto machida was wrapped in an electric blanket with the dial turned up to ` max ' . at the end of the video , the brazilian lifts up his sauna suit and empties a considerable volume of water on to the floor . machida later tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb .
lyoto machida and luke rockhold face off ahead of their middleweight clash this weekend . the californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to vitor belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights . rockhold performs during an open workout as he bids to extend his winning streak to five .
conor mcgregor has claimed he would ` kill ' floyd mayweather ` in less than 30 seconds ' if he was ever pitted against the best boxer in the world . the former world champion is currently in training for his $ 300m mega-fight against manny pacquiao next month .
ronda rousey made her first in-ring performance on march 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in levi 's stadium in california and admits she caught the bug . she said : ` there 's nothing like ' wwe but is focussed on her upcoming fight against fierce ufc rival bethe correia .
conor mcgregor is gearing up for a featherweight title challenge against jose aldo on july 11 . the irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest and ` the notorious ' has now revealed a tiger 's face tattooed onto his stomach .
jimi manuwa suffered his first defeat to alexander gustafsson in octagon . the londoner believes his ` aggression and killer instinct ' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds . he says he 's a tough opponent but i expect to get the finish as usual .
mirko filipovic is desperate to scratch his eight-year itch when he takes on gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday . cro crop lost to the brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at ufc 70 .
conor mcgregor grabbed jose aldo 's belt when they took their promotional tour to dublin last week . the irishman insists featherweight champion does n't want the title as much as he does . now sportsmail 's full interview with the full interview . click here for more boxing news .
jeff novitzky will spearhead the development of the ufc 's new drug testing programme . the federal agent helped bring down lance armstrong in the investigations into barry bonds , marion jones and justin gatlin . the organisation announced earlier this year that they will implement a new year-round , out-of-competition testing protocol .
chad mendes beats ricardo lamas in their ufc featherweight fight . the former title contender came out hard and fast and quickly landed a right hand which inevitably led to lamas ' downfall . mendes said he was going to try and do and i got it done for a long time .
jose aldo and conor mcgregor face off in the ufc 's featherweight division this weekend . no 1 ranked chad mendes and no 4 ranked ricardo lamas meet in fairfax in a bout which could determine the next challenger to the title . the two met in february last year .
paula creamer has called for a masters tournament for women at augusta national . jordan spieth 's stunning victory at the masters on april 14 . world no 27 creamer hits a tee shot on the 13th hole at ko olina golf club . the tournament will be held in california next week .
justin rose will make his first appearance since finishing second in the masters . the former us open champion has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at tpc louisiana . the 34-year-old ryder cup star has finished 10th , 15th and eighth .
lindsey vonn has been dating golf 's former no 1 since 2013 . the 30-year-old is the most successful us alpine skier in history . vonn accompanied woods ' two children during the par 3 contest ahead of the masters . the pair 's relationship has obviously grown stronger since vonn was pictured accompanying the former no1 golfer 's children around the masters at augusta .
bubba watson took to twitter to show fans a new trick he had been working on . the american flicked the ball to someone in the tree before they dropped it . watson finished t-38 at the masters , despite being one of the favourites to seal a third green jacket in four years .
sir nick faldo and tom watson will make their final open appearances in front of the largest arena in the championship 's 155-year history . three-time winner faldo has confirmed he will cross the famous swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course .
jim furyk defeated kevin kisner on second play-off hole to win rbc heritage title at hilton head . furyk carded superb final round eight-under-par 63 which included six birdies on his first nine holes to move ahead of overnight leader troy merritt .
kiradech aphibarnrat won his second european tour title in shenzhen . the 19-year-old emerging from a crowded leaderboard to card a closing 67 to finish 12 under par . overnight leader takes two shots clear of the field after 16 holes of the third round .
kiradech aphibarnrat fires six birdies in the space of nine holes to surge into the lead at the shenzhen international in china on saturday . the 25-year-old has one european tour win to date when he won the malaysian open in 2013 .
troy merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at harbour town golf links . the 21-year-old bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62 to sit six under in hilton head , south carolina . the american , who finished a flawless round with four successive birdies , admitted everything simply fell into place for him .
carly booth took to instagram to show off her impressive bikini body . the 22-year-old is currently in mauritius for a photo shoot with golf punk magazine . she is the youngest-ever scot to qualify for the ladies european tour at the tender age of 17 .
jordan spieth finished the first round of the rbc heritage on three over par . the 21-year-old has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since dominating in augusta to win by four shots from justin rose and phil mickelson . he looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions in south carolina .
martin kaymer , luke donald and american ryder cup star patrick reed announce their participation in the dubai duty free irish open . mcilroy 's foundation is hosting the event at royal county down from may 28-31 and the world number one has been a major influence in attracting a top-class field .
deposed masters champion bubba watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 . watson finished 38th at augusta national on sunday as the defence of his masters crown finished in disappointing fashion . the american 's 70 leaves him in joint 17th place , with home hope huang setting the early running on a day when he shared the highlights with an byeong-hun .
jordan spieth is back to work this week at the rbc heritage classic . the 21-year-old tied tiger woods ' masters record of 18-under 270 to capture the green jacket . spieth has had success here the previous two years , finishing ninth in 2013 and 12th last year .
rory mcilroy was filmed battling with fellow northern irishman dornan . the world no 1 defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown . the 25-year-old did his best to repair the damage of a below-par opening 27 holes but the battle came too late to challenge long-time leader jordan spieth .
martina navratilova , who won 18 grand slam singles titles as a player , and poland 's radwanska , who is currently ranked no 9 , issued statements on friday to announce the parting . they announced in december that they would work together . the women ` agreed that as martina could not commit 100 -lrb- percent -rrb- to the project then it was not going to work as a long term partnership ' .
angelique kerber of germany upset three-time defending champion maria sharapova 2-6 , 7-5 , 6-1 in the second round of the porsche grand prix . the top-seeded russian won four straight games to clinch the first set but she made some errors to drop the second set .
rafael nadal 's bid for a ninth barcelona open title ended in third-round defeat . italian fabio fognini edged a hard-fought encounter 6-4 , 7-6 . second-seed nadal had easily seen off nicolas almagro in the previous round .
agnieszka radwanska is the latest top seed to bow out of the porsche grand prix in stuttgart . italian clay specialist errani dumped out the polish seventh-seed 7-6 -lrb- 8/6 -rrb- 6-4 in a tense match on wednesday that lasted two hours and eight minutes .
rafael nadal eased past nicolas almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the barcelona open third round on wednesday . world no 4 was watched by barcelona forward neymar in the crowd . nadal is looking to rediscover his best form on the red dust .
marin cilic was eliminated in the second round of the barcelona open . santiago giraldo beat joao sousa of portugal 6-3 , 3-6 , 6-1 . estrella broke cilic four times on the outdoor red clay , stealing his serve to go ahead 5-4 .
ivanovic was seen off 7-6 -lrb- 8/6 -rrb- 6-4 by france 's caroline garcia . other seeds made it through their first-round matches on tuesday . russian ekaterina makarova and spaniard carla suarez navarro also lost .
british tennis fans face a wimbledon-type scramble for davis cup quarter-final tickets this summer . there will be a capacity of 7,000 for july 's match against france at london 's queen 's club . the rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies .
japan 's nishikori made a successful start to his barcelona open title defence with a straight sets victory over teymuraz gabashvili . the other seeds to advance to the third round were both spaniards - seventh seed roberto bautista-agut with a 6-3 6-4 win over thomaz bellucci of brazil , and ninth seed tommy robredo .
jose mourinho was given a tour of wimbledon by former british no 1 tim henman . the chelsea manager also described sw19 as ` more than a grand slam ' . the tradition , the history around this tournament is magnificent . the aura is very difficult to explain .
the venerable club in baron 's court will host britain 's biggest home tie in three decades from july 17-19 . british captain leon smith had made it clear that they wanted to take on the strong french team on grass . tickets go on sale on may 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly .
serena williams beat sara errani 6-0 6-3 in the fed cup play-off . the american won her 19th singles grand slam at the australian open . the french open has been her least successful of the four . the 33-year-old has now won her first grand slam since 2002 .
world no 1 rafa nadal beat novak djokovic in monte carlo masters semi-finals . the spaniard is looking to win a sixth consecutive french open . nadal insists he has no worries about roland garros . click here for all the latest french open news .
novak djokovic defeated tomas berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at monte carlo . the serbian became the first player to win the opening three masters 1000 events . the 27-year-old serb did not have it all his own way in a rain-hit match .
maurizio arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method with kimi raikkonen to keep his desire to remain with the maranello marque high . the 30-year-old is yet to sign his new contract as he negotiates the finer details with mercedes .
jenson button was denied his 100th race for mclaren after energy recovery system prevented him from making it to the start-line . it capped a miserable weekend for the briton , his time in bahrain plagued by reliability issues . button spent much of the race on twitter delivering his verdict as the action unfolded .
formula one supremo bernie ecclestone confirmed azerbaijan will stage the european grand prix . the 84-year-old said there had been ' a dramatic deterioration in its already poor rights record ' . the race will be held in the capital of baku , despite the country 's poor human rights record .
jenson button was set to start from the back of the grid after breaking down in qualifying . but despite frantic work from his mclaren team to get his car ready in time for the race in sakhir , button was forced to watch from the sidelines . he took to twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure .
jenson button made it a hat-trick in qualifying for the bahrain grand prix . the 35-year-old was given a lift back to the pits on a motorcycle by a marshal . button will start the race 20th and last - his lowest grid slot since 2008 .
lewis hamilton has dominated rosberg this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign . the mercedes team-mate has dominated the bahrain grand prix . hamilton is currently third in the drivers ' standings . the ferrari driver is currently fourth in the standings .
lewis hamilton dominated qualifying for the bahrain grand prix . mercedes team-mate nico rosberg was third six-tenths of a second . hamilton made it four poles out of four this season under the lights . the double world champion 's smile was broad as he posed for pictures .
ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene has urged kimi raikkonen to prove himself if he wants to stay with maranello marque . the finn said this week he has never been happier working with a team in his entire f1 career , although his form to date has not matched that of team-mate sebastian vettel .
nico rosberg has admitted he 's wary of the threat from ferrari . mercedes driver described their pace as ` dangerous ' and ` worrying ' . the 29-year-old german trails team-mate lewis hamilton by 17 points in the drivers ' standings .
jenson button was left to reflect on ` not a great day ' and fears he will again be at the back of the grid for sunday 's bahrain grand prix . just three minutes into the first practice session , button 's mclaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine and forced him into a spin . the 35-year-old eventually finished down in 19th place .
bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to think the unthinkable . the 30-year-old still pulls virtually every string in the paddock at the age of 84 . hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes . rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of fp2 but a mistake from hamilton gifted him first place .
irish jockey davy condon has been forced to retire from the saddle due to a spinal injury sustained in the grand national earlier this month . condon fell at the third-last , leaving him with a spinal concussion . it was the second time in a year that the rider suffered a similar injury .
robbie mcnamara was due to partner last year 's cheltenham gold cup winner lord windermere in the crabbie 's grand national at aintree . but suffered multiple injuries when coming to grief in a fall from bursledon in a handicap hurdle the previous day .
french trainer freddy head likens his 2,000 guineas hope ride like the wind to last year 's fifth-placed runner charm spirit . he has run twice this term , posting a career best on his most recent start when landing the group three prix djebel by a head .
ian wright has been confirmed as the man who will present ap mccoy with his final champion jockeys trophy at sandown on saturday . wright broke every scoring record in the book , will hand over the trophy before travelling back into london to present his bbc5live radio phone in . sandown initially tried to secure thierry henry to be the arsenal celebrity . but his sky employers vetoed the move .
ap mccoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at sandown on saturday if he can secure mounts . there had been speculation that the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey would end his career after riding in the ap monday celebration chase . there is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35 .
northampton have creaked in recent weeks and england flanker wood is desperate to re-gather the momentum that was lost following the exodus of key international players during the rbs 6 nations . the saints were dumped out of the champions cup quarter-finals as clermont ran riot on their home turf .
scotland youth international jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh next season on a two-year deal . the 20-year-old prop has been capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s side . he said : ' i know quite a few of the younger lads - damien hoyland , magnus bradbury , jamie farndale and jamie ritchie - from playing with scotland under 20 ' .
aviva premiership club gloucester will face rugby football union hearing . the rfu said galarza should have been ineligible for the match . the club have three league games left - against newcastle , london irish and bath - while they are also through to next week 's european challenge cup final .
england centre manu tuilagi has not featured for england since the three-test summer tour of new zealand in 2014 . the 23-year-old has been out of action since october and missed the autumn internationals as well as england 's entire rbs 6 nations campaign .
matt giteau has been an outstanding force for toulon in the french club 's back-to-back heineken cup triumphs and top 14 title success last season . now , four years after his test career appeared to be over when he was left out for the last world cup , the 32-year-old has discovered that he is eligible to play for the wallabies again .
saracens no 8 billy vunipola , toulon flanker steffon armitage and clermont full back nick abendanon have all been shortlisted for the european player of the year award . the saracens back rower was named on the bench for last sunday 's quarter-final against leinster .
michael allen will join edinburgh at the end of the season on a two-year deal . the 24-year-old can play either at wing or centre , join alan solomons ' side . allen admits his move from belfast to the scottish capital will take him out of his comfort zone .
england take on fiji in the world cup curtain-raiser on september 18 . andy farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year . england came within six points of claiming rbs 6 nations following their pulsating 55-35 victory against france .
davy mcgregor was injured after being caught by an opponent 's hip or shorts . the former ulster hooker took to twitter to show off his battle scars . the barbarians won the clash 97-31 , which took place to celebrate the 125th anniversary of both sides being formed .
players with 60 caps who have held professional contract with australian rugby for at least seven years will be eligible to continue their international careers even if they are signed to a club overseas . other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing super rugby in australia for the following two seasons .
mike brown is still showing signs of concussion and may not play again until the world cup warm-up matches in august . brown was knocked out in the rbs 6 nations test against italy in february . conor o'shea has ruled the 29-year-old out of saturday 's aviva premiership match against sale .
mike fitzgerald will follow waratahs wing peter betham to welford road next season . the 28-year-old new zealander has helped the chiefs win two super rugby titles . he is set to follow the chiefs ' wing to welfs road in new zealand .
alastair cook and jonathan trott are the sixth english pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions . the england captain is part of three of them . hobbs and sutcliffe -lrb- 1924-30 -rrb- -- 15 . 2 . cook and strauss --lrbb- 2006-12 - 14 .
england 's joe root has every hope the team can kick on and win the second test against west indies . root 's unbeaten 118 came with england posting a 74-run lead at the end of day three . england captain alastair cook got 76 in a century stand with jonathan trott .
ben stokes gave marlon samuels a stare as the west indian gave him a send-off salute on thursday night . stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day when he smashed a devendra bishoo long-hop straight to deep square leg . the durham all-rounder saluting him on his way .
joe root is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second test against the west indies . england 's root smashes a short ball to the boundary as west indian keeper and captain denesh ramdin can only watch on . root took guard , batting at grenada 's national stadium was suddenly taken to another level .
stuart broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year . he took three wickets for 19 in grenada before a defiant last wicket stand of 52 from devendra bishoo and shannon gabriel lifted west indies to 299 . captain alastair cook worked his way to 37 not out at stumps .
alastair cook had watched west indies ' last pair of devendra bishoo and shannon gabriel add an unlikely 52 to undo much of good work provided by a welcome burst of wickets from stuart broad . it lifted the hosts to a score that should have been beyond them and left cook and jonathan trott , both under pressure after their failures in antigua .
australian batsman aaron finch has had surgery on his hamstring . finch sustained the injury playing for the mumbai indians in the indian premier league . the 28-year-old was part of australia 's world cup-winning side and was injured while playing in the ipl .
ben stokes was taunted by west indies batsman marlon samuels . the two clashed repeatedly on the pitch and samuel later taunted the durham all-rounder . stokes said the england players ` do n't learn ' as he found verbal alternations helpful while batting .
cook 's bradman jinx . with overcast conditions and moisture in the air , it 's easy to see why the out-of-nick alastair cook put west indies in to bat . on test match special , graeme swann revealed the exact moment cook 's form with the bat took a turn for the worse .
kawhi leonard scored 32 points as san antonio spurs beat los angeles clippers . the newly crowned defensive player of the year was in excellent form for the reigning nba champions . clippers had won the first game of the series but must now come from behind after two straight defeats .
zara phillips had travelled to the united states with her london 2012 and 2014 world equestrian games great britain team silver medal-winning ride high kingdom . but the queen 's granddaughter withdrew before her scheduled dressage test at kentucky horse park . high kingdom was then taken to the dressage warm-up area , but the decision was taken to withdraw him in the horse 's best interests .
golden state 's stephen curry scored 40 points as the golden state warriors beat new orleans 123-119 in overtime . the dramatic win by the warriors was mirrored by chicago 's double-overtime victory over milwaukee . curry hit seven 3s in all , including one to start overtime that gave the warriors the lead for good .
world no 1 michael van gerwen and gary anderson beat james wade 7-0 . anderson lost 7-1 to stephen bunting in the opening match of the night . raymond van barneveld came from behind to defeat dave chisnall .
judd trump beat stuart carrington 10-6 in the first round of the betfred world championship in sheffield . trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work . the 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face marco fu in the next round .
hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who has worked with ronaldo , michael owen and usain bolt , has made sure radcliffe will race . despite a very public split with bayern munich coach pep guardiola last week , the 41-year-old joined an american foot surgeon , orthotics specialists in belgium and physiotherapists at british athletics .
 movistar rider valverde sprinted to victory ahead of julian alaphilippe and michael albasini in a race which saw former winner philippe gilbert pull out after a bad crash . team sky 's chris froome fell in the closing 12km but fought on to finish the race despite being ` banged up ' .
ronnie o'sullivan beat craig steadman 10-3 in their first round match . the former manchester man had endured a painful crucible debut . the 39-year-old had trouble with his shoes during the session on tuesday . the title favourite dug out an old pair of dress shoes for yesterday 's play .
the august 1 encounter will feature a team africa vs team world format at the ellis park stadium in johannesburg , south africa . team world will consist of players from the continent and of second generation . eight-time nba all-star paul will captain team world .
all five of the series that have played two games now stand at 2-0 . the wizards , cavaliers and rockets joined monday 's winners chicago and golden state . washington 's 117-106 victory at toronto owed most to john wall , who had 26 points and 17 assists .
reanne evans saw her reign as women 's world snooker champion ended on tuesday . the 29-year-old from dudley lost narrowly to ken doherty in the first round of qualifying for the crucible-staged betfred world championship . she lost 4-2 in the semi-finals to hong kong 's ng on yee .
china 's ding junhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 before screwing back for the blue instead of the black . the world no 3 was unable to keep the break going when his shot missed . ding was n't able to continue his break to pocket # 30,000 at the crucible theatre in sheffield .
chicago bulls beat milwaukee bucks 91-82 on monday to take a 2-0 lead . butler scored 25 points in game 1 , scoring 14 points in the fourth quarter . pau gasol added 11 points and 16 rebounds and mike dunleavy jr. scored 12 points .
neil robertson plays a shot during his match against wales ' jamie jones . the australian has committed more hours to the game than ever before . hendry used to not miss for six or seven frames , and that 's what you have to do if you want to dominate matches .
arsenal fans want cesc fabregas to be shown the ` respect he deserves ' . the problem with that is a decent chunk of arsenal 's supporters feel he does n't deserve much . wenger was at his cryptic best on thursday when asked if it was his call to not take up an option he had to re-sign the player .
aston villa striker gabriel agbonlahor posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer . the 28-year-old missed villa 's semi-final win over liverpool last weekend because of a troublesome hamstring injury . he will be hoping to return to action against manchester city on saturday .
qpr manager chris ramsey feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games . tim sherwood believes his appointment at aston villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence . nigel pearson 's appointment at the leicester city has given the players a more realistic chance .
burnley manager sean dyche has attempted to protect out-of-sorts striker danny ings by calling on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the premier league . ings , strongly linked with a move to manchester united or liverpool when his contract runs out in the summer , has n't scored since february 11 .
crystal palace would sell winger yannick bolasie for ' # 40m to # 60million ' . alan pardew claims all his players are ` undervalued ' as club bid to assert their barclays premier league clout . crystal palace have enjoyed a successful second half of the season .
everton manager roberto martinez insists keeping kevin mirallas happy is key to holding on to him in the summer . the belgian has been linked with a move away from everton following an injury-hit term at the toffees . there were reports this week tottenham would try to make the forward part of a swap deal with their winger aaron lennon .
former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday . carter also served as president of football league and vice-president of the football association . current toffees chairman bill kenwright said carter was a great man and the very best friend anyone could ask for .
romelu lukaku praised work rate of strike partner arouna kone . belgium international revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland . the 21-year-old said he did n't suffer too much but when you hear it for the first time you are like ` oh my god ' .
aaron lennon has been one of the more impressive performers since moving to goodison park in the winter transfer window . the tottenham winger has just four more matches to impress as he is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season . roberto martinez said discussions about lennese 's future will come at the end of the premier league season .
leicester , burnley and qpr would make an immediate return to the championship , but hull and sunderland are teetering on the brink . even aston villa and west brom are not quite out of the dogfight . charlie austin is hoping to fire qpr to safety .
hull city lost 2-0 to southampton at st mary 's stadium on saturday . steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league . but bruce insists he can stay up to the start of the campaign . hull are just two points clear of the drop zone .
leicester city midfielder esteban cambiasso is wanted by delhi dynamos . the former real madrid and inter milan midfielder signed a one-year deal with leicester last summer . nigel pearson is keen for the 34-year-old to stay for another season .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . brendan rodgers insists he is the man to guide liverpool to success . but rodgers has been boosted by the news that jordan henderson has committed his future to the club .
steve mcclaren has called the constant speculation linking him with newcastle ` disrespectful ' and insists his sole focus remains on trying to get derby promoted to the barclays premier league . the former england boss admitted there had been interest in him from newcastle around the turn of the year , when alan pardew left as manager to take over at crystal palace .
newcastle slumped to a sixth straight defeat at home to spurs last weekend . fans group ashleyout.com are now encouraging supporters to ` stand up to ashley ' when swansea visit st james ' park on saturday . newcastle interim manager john carver has called for unity at the club following a divisive season .
leroy fer is set to be rushed back from a knee injury to give queens park rangers a boost in the relegation fight . fer is back in training and manager chris ramsey hopes to have him in the squad for saturday 's london derby at home to west ham . korean left-back yun suk-young is also back after three weeks out .
chris ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure queens park rangers ' top flight status . rangers are in the drop zone of the barclays premier league with 28 points as they prepare for a london derby at home to west ham . ` if you win three games you 're probably going to stay up , ' said ramsey .
southampton fans are campaigning to show support for their dutch manager ronald koeman , his brother and assistant head coach jan kluitenberg . they are encouraging match-goers to wear orange instead of the usual red and white club colours to display their discontent at pochettino leaving last year .
england under 21 captain jack butland has revealed voting for team-mate harry kane as this season 's pfa young player of the year . butland joined his england manager gareth southgate and former world cup legend michael owen at st george 's park .
thibaut verlinden is a highly regarded member of belgium 's u16 squad . club brugge and and anderlecht have also expressed an interest . mark hughes has also persuaded barcelona 's 19-year-old winger mohamed el ouriachi to join this summer .
stoke beat southampton 2-1 at the britannia stadium on saturday . mark hughes has revealed talks have opened over a contract extension . the bosnian goalkeeper kept stoke in the game during a one-sided first half . the 27-year-old has attracted interest from several top clubs .
everton beat burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at goodison park . seamus coleman was key to everton 's win over burnley . craig gardner starred as tony pulis ' west bromwich albion side gave him a winning return to crystal palace .
swansea city have revived their interest in blackburn rovers striker rudy gestede . manager garry monk has made a striker his priority for the summer and club scouts have checked on aleksandar mitrovic at anderlecht and obbi oulare from club brugge .
andrej kramaric opened the scoring for swansea at the king power stadium . roberto martinez 's side moved off the bottom of the table for the first time since november . gylfi sigurdsson wasilewsk scored the winner in the first half .
harry kane is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the year . the tottenham striker has broken through into roy hodgson 's england side . the video features kane 's long-range strike against chelsea . kane has been released ahead of the awards ceremony on sunday .
west brom host liverpool on saturday eight points above the relegation zone . tony pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams . the baggies face manchester united , chelsea and arsenal in their final five games , along with a trip to newcastle .
sebastien pocognoli says he 's baffled by tony pulis ' decision to drop him from the starting 11 . the belgian defender was an important player under alan irvine but since he left the club , the left back has found his game time limited . the left-back admits he could n't get his head around the decisions being made .
harry kane tops ea sports ' performance index as the premier league 's best player . kane scored his 30th goal of the season for tottenham on sunday . the 21-year-old is also nominated for the pfa young player of the year . eden hazard is third in the rankings after scoring against newcastle .
west ham 's season tickets will cost as little as # 289 when the club move to the olympic stadium next year . manager sam allardyce believes filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club . the cheapest season ticket at upton park is # 620 but there will be # 289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season .
andre blackman , 24 , stole a jacket worth more than # 1,000 from the world famous store in knightsbridge . blackman was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work at hammersmith magistrates ' court . he claimed it would disrupt his search for a new club . he said travelling to different clubs would be biggest problem .
adam rooney is determined to prevent a season of outstanding personal achievement from ending with a sting its tail . the prospect of watching celtic celebrate title glory inside pittodrie would , he admits , be a painful experience to bear . the current eight-point gap between the teams remain intact .
inverness defender josh meekings blocked a goal-bound header from leigh griffiths with his hand . celtic 's aleksandar tonev has called for more accountability for officials . sutton infamously triggered a huge huge huge response to referee steven mclean .
inverness defender josh meekings was served with a retrospective notice of complaint by compliance officer tony mcglennan after handling a goal-bound header from celtic 's leigh griffiths in sunday 's semi-final . after losing 3-2 following extra-time , the parkhead club wrote to the sfa to seek ` clarification ' on the reasons for referee steven mclean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident .
virgil van dijk 's sublime 16th free-kick gave parkhead side a dream start to their scottish cup semi-final clash with inverness . but the chance to go 2-0 ahead before half-time when additional assistant alan muir failed to spot a goalline handball from josh meekings .
celtic striker leigh griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of josh meekings . the welshman went on to miss a last-minute penalty that could have sparked extra-time . hartson has urged his former club to move on from the injustice .
stuart mccall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season . but with 12 players out of contract , he knows the light blues will need to strengthen if they have any chance of keeping pace with rivals celtic . the interim ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign .
john brown says celtic have a case of ` sour grapes ' about their recent scottish cup exit . the rangers legend says the match officials failed to spot the hand josh meekings used to block a leigh griffiths shot in their semi-final defeat to inverness .
 interim chairman paul murray and director john gilligan held talks with ashley and other members of the sports direct hierarchy on wednesday . no details of the discussions have been disclosed . supporters will hope it may represent an initial step towards finding an amicable way forward with the billionaire owner of newcastle united .
walter smith says ally mccoist deserves a chance to prove himself . ibrox legend worked closely with kenny mcdowall before the duo assumed the reins at rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch . mcco"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
john brown says ally mccoist will be welcomed back to ibrox ` with open arms ' . the rangers record scorer has not been spotted at his old stomping ground . the 53-year-old crept into the ground just moments before shareholders gave dave king 's bid for power their blessing .
walter smith is reluctant to predict a permanent end to hostilities . two years since he stepped down as chairman of rangers , the crackle of gunfire still reverberates in his ears . dave king , the chairman-elect , has still to obtain the sfa clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom . details of how the club proposes to stabilise the finances have yet to come .
real madrid star isco fell straight back out of the team when james rodriguez returned to fitness . isco was forthright in his criticism of carlo ancelotti 's choice . real reached the champions league semi-final , but only due to injuries . but isco has seen his place come under threat recently .
tim sherwood believes aston villa can secure their premier league survival with five games remaining . villa face arsenal in the fa cup final in manchester city on saturday . sherwood replaced paul lambert in february when villa were in the barclays premier league relegation zone .
bacary sagna left arsenal on the back of winning the fa cup . the france international has played only 16 times for city this season . the 32-year-old insists he has no regrets about leaving the emirates . sagna is philosophical about how city and arsenal 's seasons have unravelled .
arsenal host chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . arsene wenger has failed to win in 12 games against mourinho . wenger says the past shared between the two managers on the touchline will be irrelevant as the barclays premier league 's top two sides face off .
mauricio pochettino has blamed tottenham 's lunchtime lethargy this season . of 10 barclays premier league matches kicking off at 12.00 , 12.45 or 1.30 , spurs have won two - against qpr last august and arsenal in february . the argentine dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper hugo lloris .
lucien favre has been in the dugout at the allianz arena since last season . the spaniard has yet to commit his future to bayern beyond the end of his contract which expires at end of the 2016-16 season . guardiola has been linked with manchester city .
real madrid beat paris saint-germain 5-1 on aggregate at the bernabeu . cristiano ronaldo is looking for his third champions league trophy and second in a row with real . barcelona have only met twice this season , both times in la liga .
bayern munich boss pep guardiola will see out his three-year contract . karl-heinz rummenigge said the german champions would not go to a club like manchester city . the spaniard has been linked with a possible move to the premier league champions .
floyd mayweather takes the plunge in the cryosauna which is cooled to as low as -175 -lrb- -rrb- using liquid nitrogen and mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber . the boxer was the first person to use the bath in subzero recovery in las vegas .
manny pacquiao was the star attraction as he held an open workout in los angeles on wednesday . the filipino star was the packid , a 12-year-old urchin in the mud of the philippines whose mother was eking out the food for the family .
floyd mayweather jnr tells friends : ` the time will come when i make a hundred million dollars in one night ' . he broke away from bob arum , who is the promoter of the other combatant in the richest fight of all time . manny pacquiao will also earn more than $ 100million in las vegas on may 2 .
floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight . the electronic machine showed mayweather at 150.5 lbs . there was a modicum of surplus fat at the sides of his waist but he looks well on track with his conditioning .
manny pacquiao laughed with trainer freddie roach on monday . he gave him a custom-made speed ball with mayweather 's face painted on it . robert leslie shapiro , 72 , is a civil litigator working out of los angeles-based firm glaser weil fink jacobs howard avchen &shapiro .
floyd mayweather jnr took to the pool before completing a few lengths . the 38-year-old boxer was testing his muscles against the resistance of the water . the fight on may 2 is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $ 152million set by that fight in 2013 .
the money man 's daughter iyanna mayweather has shared her thoughts about life in training with her champion dad floyd mayweather . mayweather vs pacquiao will generate revenue upwards of $ 300 million in what is being billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history . she said she is amazed by her dad 's work ethic in the gym .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's training intensity has hit gruelling levels ahead of the clash in las vegas . mayweather is renowned for showing off his extravagant lifestyle as he is for going undefeated in his professional career . click here for all the latest mayweather news .
floyd mayweather took to his shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet . accompanied with the caption ` air mayweather , ' the wba and wbc welterweight world champion can be seen inside his aircraft alongside a member of his brand the money team . the social media post would have come as a minor respite for mayweather as he prepares for the most expensive bout in boxing history on may 2 .
floyd mayweather 's fight against manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 will cost us viewers up to $ 100 . the fight itself will set viewers back $ 89.95 -lrb- # 60.70 -rrb- . the price represents almost a 40 per cent increase on the previous high of $ 64.95 .
arsenal host liverpool at emirates stadium on saturday . danny welbeck picked up a knee injury while on international duty . arsenal forward alex oxlade-chamberlain remains a doubt . martin skrtel and captain steven gerrard start for arsenal .
tottenham hotspur host tottenham hotspur at turf moor on sunday . stephen ward should be back in contention for sunday 's clash . matt taylor is also nearing a return after resuming training . dean marney and kevin long remain on long-term absentee list .
sevilla face fiorentina in the europa league semi-final on may 27 . rafael benitez 's napoli take on dnipropetrovsk of ukraine for a place in the warsaw final . the draw was made on friday morning at uefa 's headquarters in nyon .
manchester city have already met jurgen klopp to assess him for the manager 's job . txiki begiristain , city 's director of football met the borussia dortmund manager and concluded that he was not the right fit for city . the dortmund boss will leave the club at the end of this season .
jurgen klopp rejected the overtures of west ham united after handing in his notice at borussia dortmund . if rafael benitez wants to return to english football after leaving napoli maybe he can be persuaded to take over a project that includes a move to the iconic olympic stadium in a year 's time .
jurgen klopp is on the radar of a number of top clubs after announcing he will leave dortmund at the end of the season . the 47-year-old has long been linked with taking over from wenger , but the frenchman has two years left on his contract . wenger was coming under severe pressure when arsenal were struggling .
borussia dortmund have moved swiftly to secure thomas tuchel as the successor to jurgen klopp . klopp has endured a difficult season at dortmund , with the club embroiled in a relegation battle for much of the campaign before a minor resurgence in form led them into the top half of the bundesliga .
kenya 's athletics federation has suspended the agents of marathon world record holder dennis kimetto and other top stars . it investigates the spike in doping among the country 's runners . athletics kenya president isaiah kiplagat announced the decision monday to suspend two athlete management companies , the netherlands ' volare sports and italy 's rosa & associati . ak did not make accusations against the companies , but said they would be suspended from working in k
david cameron 's party has mps in constituencies housing 55 of the 92 clubs in england 's top four divisions . only chelsea , who voted tory , fittingly blue , and burnley , where lib dems hold sway , are any different . football has long been hailed as the game the working man enjoys watching from the terraces .
usain bolt is currently in rio de janeiro acclimatising ahead of next year 's olympic games in the brazilian capital . the jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 world championships in berlin . bolt is confident he could shave two tenths off that time .
bolt visited a small gym in brazil on thursday and spoke of his plans for the rio olympics . the world 's fastest man was dropping by a slum that 's visible from rio 's famous maracana stadium . the six-time gold-medal sprinter will try to add three more in rio .
the millers were sanctioned by the football league last week . they played derby defender farrend rawson in their 1-0 win over brighton . they have had to endure a nervy wait to discover their fate after the league said a disciplinary panel would hear the case at ` the earliest opportunity ' .
ross mccormack came away with a point was down to poor finishing from the yorkshire visitors , nothing more . fulham were unable to push on for the winner . steve evans ' team still await their fate after being charged for fielding an ineligible player , farrend rawson , during the win against brighton earlier this month .
swansea manager garry monk insists newcastle 's players will not be affected by any supporters ' protests at st james ' park on saturday . the magpies have lost their last six premier league games under caretaker manager john carver and more demonstrations are planned for the visit of swansea . campaign organisers protesting over mike ashley 's ownership have said they will support anyone who wishes to boycott once again .
tiger woods found himself 470 yards from the hole with the ball nestled snugly into the pine straw that surrounds the beautifully groomed fairway . the american , who ended the round on a 1-over-par 73 , claimed he popped a ligament in his right wrist back into place so he could go on to complete his first tournament of 2015 .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 in the champions league quarter-final . javier hernandez scored the winning goal for madrid in the 88th minute . carlo ancelotti 's side could face barcelona or pep guardiola 's bayern munich .
napoli beat wolfsburg 4-1 in the europa league quarter final . rafael benitez has won 12 trophies with valencia , liverpool , inter milan , chelsea and napoli . manchester city , paris st germain and real madrid are all considering changes as are west ham and newcastle .
yaya toure 's agent dimitri seluk has revealed he wants to talk to city about the way forward . the ivory coast international has hinted that he is open to leaving manchester city this summer . toure is challenged by west ham 's mark noble during city 's 2-0 win at the etihad .
paris saint-germain were knocked out 5-1 on aggregate by barcelona . zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti were returning to the ligue one side . coach laurent blanc said psg are still not ready to win the champions league . blaise matuidi says psg still have work to do .
england lock joe launchbury has been out since october due to a bulging disc in his neck . the 24-year-old is close to regaining full fitness with the showdown against the tigers pencilled in for his return . launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback against leicester tigers on may 9 .
bafetimbi gomis came off in the early stages of last weekend 's 1-1 draw with everton . the frenchman will miss league trips to leicester and newcastle . the 29-year-old has scored four goals in seven games since joining from lyon .
jack wilshere was on the bench against reading at wembley on saturday . the 23-year-old 's fitness record is the one thing holding him back from reaching his undoubted potential . theo walcott and mathieu flamini could be ready to push for top honours again .
arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68 million followers ahead of chelsea -lrb- 5.49 m -rrb- . manchester united have over eight million followers on weibo . guangzhou evergrande taobao are third on the list of clubs in the world .
jordan spieth made a visit to the observation deck of the empire state building on monday , and of course the augusta record-equalling champion was still proudly sporting his green jacket . spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory , including equalling the 18-under total set by tiger woods in 1997 .
alexis sanchez has enjoyed a fine debut season in english football . the chilean forward has been nominated for pfa player of the year . sanchez says he is ` very proud ' to have joined the north london club . arsenal are currently second in the premier league table with 66 points .
four european giants are just three games from being crowned champions of the continent in berlin on june 6 . real madrid and juventus won on wednesday to join barcelona and bayern munich in the last four , this season 's competition is one of the toughest to call in recent memory .
juventus secured a 0-0 draw at the stade louis ii on wednesday night . massimiliano allegri 's side progressed 1-0 on aggregate after arturo vidal 's second-half penalty proved the difference in turin last week . evra believes ligue 1 's elite clubs could learn from a more combative style of play .
england coach john peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . the young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year . they will open their campaign against italy in burgas on may 7 .
hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster . they form part of an ongoing home office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster which claimed the lives of 96 liverpool fans .
jordan henderson signed a new long-term deal with liverpool on thursday . the 24-year-old liverpool midfielder put pen to paper on a deal worth more than # 100,000 per week that will keep him at anfield until the summer of 2020 . brendan rodgers ' squad to commit his future to the club .
gareth bale has not started eight of real madrid 's matches this season . welshman missed wednesday 's champions league game against atletico . bale missed la liga matches against levante , granada , barcelona , and a 3-0 win against liverpool .
jose mourinho watched the 22-year-old in fulham 's 1-1 draw against rotherham . chelsea are braced for the departure of second choice goalkeeper petr cech in the summer . bettinelli only made his debut for fulham this season .
bayern munich host porto in the champions league on tuesday . pep guardiola 's side have a 12-point lead atop the bundesliga . the bavarians won the treble under then coach jupp heynckes in 2013 . franck ribery is unlikely to recover from an ankle injury in time .
thiago alcantara gave bayern munich the lead in the 6-1 win over porto on wednesday night . but united 's need for passing quality from deep midfield was apparent throughout moyes ' short time at the club . it has continued to be a problem until michael carrick fully recovered from injury ander herrera began to find his feet .
pep guardiola hit critics for six as bayern munich beat porto 6-1 . the german juggernaught is steaming towards the final in berlin on june 6 . the six goals smashed past the hapless portuguese pretenders in the quarter-final second leg at the allianz arena .
david de gea has impressed for louis van gaal 's side this season . the spanish keeper has heavily been linked with a move to real madrid . united are looking for a long-term replacement for iker casillas . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
southampton are the club punching heaviest above their weight in the premier league . chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest payers with a wage bill of # 192.7 million behind manchester united . bottom-club burnley 's wage bill is just # 21.5 m including # 6m in promotion bonuses , one-tenth the size of united 's .
radamel falcao has scored just four goals for manchester united since his season-long loan move from monaco drew another blank at stamford bridge on saturday . but chief executive ed woodward told monaco vice-president vadim vasilyev last sunday that they would make a decision on the right to sign him permanently at the end of the season .
rafael may have played his last game for manchester united . the brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer . but his damaged ribs are expected to rule him out for around six weeks . the 24-year-old was hurt by a stray knee from leicester 's anthony knockaert .
manchester united have put forward an opening # 21.5 m bid for mats hummels . the germans value their captain at # 35million but in united 's favour he has had a relatively poor season occasionally clashing with supporters . dortmund are keen to bring in sami khedira from real madrid .
michael carrick has been instrumental in manchester united 's recent run of good form . louis van gaal has identified borussia dortmund 's ilkay gundogan as a long-term successor to carrick . the dutchman knows the midfielder is in the twilight of his career .
adam federici let a tame alexis sanchez slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time as the royals were narrowly beaten 2-1 by arsenal in saturday 's fa cup semi-final . reading boss steve clarke is confident the 30-year-old will bounce back .
adam federici has taken to twitter to apologise for his gaffe in saturday 's fa cup semi-final defeat to arsenal . the game finished 1-1 after 90 minutes and could only watch on as it trickled over the line . the 30-year-old has received unwavering support from his manager and team-mates .
alexis sanchez scored twice in the fa cup semi-final against reading . the chile international is shortlisted for the pfa player of the year . sanchez has emerged from a more subdued mid-season with three strikes in his last three matches . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
david luiz was at fault for both of neymar 's goals as psg crashed out of the champions league quarter-finals . itv pundit roy keane described the defender 's performance as looking ` lost ' . the former chelsea man said his side got what they deserved across both legs of the fixture .
top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending champions league winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries . arsenal , atletico madrid and porto will drop in status in the august 27 draw . if real madrid do n't win la liga or the champions league they will be in pot 2 next season .
bayern munich beat porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach champions league semi-finals . coach pep guardiola was aware of what he needed to deliver at the five-time european champions for who a league and german cup double was just not enough . he arrived at bayern after their 2013 treble-winning season and expectations have not been lowered since .
pep guardiola was left purring at bayern munich 's first-half performance against porto as the club put a turbulent week behind them to storm in to the champions league semi-finals . the bayern boss reminded the watching world why he is considered by many to be the best manager in the business as his side raced in to a 5-0 lead before half-time on tuesday night .
campbell is selling a # 20million london townhouse to a company owned by himself . land registry documents suggest the sale was registered the day after higher stamp duty levies came into effect . campbell bought it in 2011 for # 4.25 million after he reportedly staged a sit-in at an estate agents ' .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 2-0 in the champions league quarter-final . neymar is a blend of cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi . the real madrid and barcelona legends are lethal finishers . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
deshane beckford was invited to train with west ham 's academy . the 17-year-old has impressed coaches after spending two weeks with the club . beckford is said to be one of the hottest prospects to emerge from the caribbean . west ham have revealed season tickets at the olympic stadium will cost as little as # 289 .
west ham are set to move into the london 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season . but the journey there has been a tortuous one , fraught with controversy . fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to west ham on tuesday , when it was suggested the deal may contravene european state aid law .
andres iniesta has responded to his critics by claiming he ` never went away ' . the spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 la liga appearances this season . but iniesta capped an impressive 45 minutes in his side 's champions league quarter-final second-leg victory over psg .
kenny bayless has the honour of being the third man in the ring with floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2 . the appointment will be welcomed by both camps . the nevada state athletic commission acutely aware that the officiating has to be of the highest order .
veteran referee kenny bayless has been named as the third man in the ring when floyd mayweather and manny pacuiao meet in the match being billed as the biggest and richest in boxing history . bayless oversaw the former 's professional debut against roberto apodaca in 1996 . he will pocket $ 25,000 for the night 's work on may 2 while judges dave moretti , glenn feldman and burt clements will each receive $ 20
barry hawkins beat matthew selt in the first round of the world snooker championship . the 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on monday with a 7-2 overnight lead which he extended to 9-4 to move within one frame of victory .
john higgins impressed with 10-5 first-round victory over robert milkins . the 39-year-old fired breaks of 77 , 75 , 69 and clinching 106 in second session . dott unseeded this year but a proven crucible class act and champion in 2006 . higgins has sprung back to competitive form level this year .
the green jackets took pity on them by announcing a 10 per cent increase in prizemoney for this year 's tournament . the winner 's share of the $ 10million pot worked out at # 1.23 m in our currency . anyone who made the cut was guaranteed # 17,000 .
andy murray tied the knot at dunblane cathedral in november last year . reverend colin renwick led the service at 4.00 pm with the wedding taking place . hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets around the cathedral . murray posted a tweet to his 2.98 million followers on twitter .
chelsea , arsenal , liverpool and manchester united will watch on with jealousy at a number of their former team-mates still involved . there are 23 current and former premier league players still involved in europe 's top competition . xabi alonso will be lining up for bayern munich looking for his third champions league triumph .
manchester city director of football txiki begiristain was on the 10.30 am lufthansa flight out of manchester for munich on tuesday morning . bayern munich lost 3-1 to porto in the champions league last week . manuel pellegrini has come under fire this term .
xabi alonso will become only the second player to win european football 's top trophy with three clubs having held it during his time at liverpool and real madrid . ac milan legend clarence seedorf lifted the famous piece of silverware for ajax , real mad madrid and milan .
west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad on sunday . sam allardyce was incensed that eliaquim mangala was not penalised for a foul against stewart downing . referee anthony taylor took no action as the ball ran out of play .
west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad on sunday . defender carl jenkinson insists the remaining five games are not meaningless . the hammers would now seem to have little to play for but the 23-year-old says the remaining 5 games are n't meaningless .
glenn roeder and former hull city chairman adam pearson are joining head coach stuart gray in a three-man task force charge . the off-field team has been put in place by dejphon chansiri , the thai tycoon who recently bought the club from milan mandaric .
tim sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of aston villa . the belgian striker has been appointed on valentine 's day . villa fans have fallen in love after only nine weeks . sportsmail looks at five reasons for sherwood 's success . click here for all the latest villa news .
martina hingis was persuaded to play her first tour-level singles for nearly eight years because of injuries in the switzerland team for the world group playoff encounter against poland . the 34-year-old brought back memories of her heyday in a thrilling 48-minute first set before capitulating 6-4 6-0 to world number nine radwanska after 76 enjoyable minutes . the former world no 1 was defeated 6-1 by agnieszka radwanka
manchester united and liverpool are making a rival push for memphis depay . the 21-year-old psv eindhoven star 's talents have been compared to cristiano ronaldo by ronald de boer . depay played under van gaal during the latter 's spell as national team boss .
both organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders , sky and the bbc , scheduling the marquee chelsea vs manchester united league match against the fa cup semi-final . the cup game attracted a peak audience of 6.9 million , over treble the 2m rating for the pl game on sky .
manchester united lost 1-0 to chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal 's side dominated possession , completing nearly three times as many successful passes than the champions-elect . the battle lines have been drawn ahead of a proper title race next season .
eden hazard has been named ` one of the three best players in the world ' . hazard scored chelsea 's 38th minute winner against manchester united . jose mourinho believes hazard has the best season of his career . hazard also believes he is having the ` best season ever ' .
liverpool have been given the go-ahead to install a privacy screen . the club had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details . the news will please manager brendan rodgers who can now prepare his side with extra care . a curtain of fine mesh will now cover at least one pitch and further talks are planned with residents .
juventus are monitoring raheem sterling as the serie a side look to strengthen . liverpool still intend to hold onto england international winger . manchester city , chelsea , real madrid , paris st germain and bayern munich are all among sterling 's admirers .
liverpool lost to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . steven gerrard was denied the opportunity of ending his career in this season 's fa cup final at wembley . the 25-year-old hopes his liverpool career will end at stoke .
liverpool captain steven gerrard has already agreed to join la galaxy . kolo toure is also out of contract and considering whether to accept the offer of a new deal . raheem sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with manchester city . mario balotelli 's # 16million move from ac milan has been a disaster .
floyd mayweather set to face manny pacquiao in abu dhabi , united arab emirates . khan has been so close to fighting mayweather that he could smell the resin and hear the roar of the crowd . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
michael conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the world series of boxing before opting to fight . belfast boxers - bronze medallists at london 2012 - were in action for the italia thunder franchise in venezuela on saturday night .
the richest fight of all time said to be worth $ 300m and then some to those involved , is raking in the big bucks with the money streams certainly not limited to tv rights and ticket sales . the pacman 's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $ 2.25 m -lrb- # 1.5 m -rrb- , reports the manila bulletin .
frank lampard 's role at manchester city was always planned as being just a bit part player , but maybe the 36-year-old should have started more games . city have won seven -- including the 3-2 over bayern munich -- drawn one and not lost any , scoring 22 goals with just six conceded .
liverpool lost 1-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . christian benteke opened the scoring with a smart chipped finish . fabian delph fired in villa 's second goal to win the game and book a place in the cup final .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . christian benteke and fabian delph scored to cancel out philippe coutinho 's opener . tom cleverley reckons boss sherwood 's gameplans are allowing villa to express themselves .
david moyes has revealed that chelsea were close to signing wayne rooney during his ill-fated tenure as manchester united manager . the pair had a well-publicised falling out following rooney 's departure from goodison park in 2004 . rooney was heavily linked with a move to stamford bridge at the same time .
manchester united lost 1-0 to chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal labelled his side 's performance as their best display of the season . united are now 11 points clear of the third-placed red devils . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
jose mourinho and rui faria were up and down with unusual intensity when they lost the ball . hazard 's low shot squirms past de gea as defenders chris smalling and paddy mcnair watch on helplessly . a tv camera gets a close-up of the goalscorer as hazard celebrates with didier drogba in front of a section of home fans at stamford bridge .
eden hazard is the man who has been eking out wins when the team has n't been at its best . he did it last week at queens park rangers , winning the ball from the goalkeeper 's kick and driving into the box to set up cesc fabregas . he 's now on 17 goals for the season .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . jose mourinho 's side moved 10 points clear at the top of the table . blues skipper john terry insists there is still work to be done if they are to clinch the premier league title .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . ander herrera went over under the challenge of gary cahill . referee mike dean adjudged the spaniard to have dived . herrera looked to have moved his leg to provoke a collison .
chelsea moved to the brink of winning the title with a 1-0 win over manchester united . john terry led the celebrations on the field at full-time with his team clear in the knowledge that they are almost there in the hunt for a first title in five years . mourinho said he will not allow his players to believe they have crossed the finish line until the maths say so .
marouane fellaini has been terrorising opposition defences of late . manchester united travel to stamford bridge on saturday afternoon . thibaut courtois says the blues have been working on a way to combat the midfielder after he starred in recent wins over tottenham , liverpool and manchester city .
chris maguire converts injury time penalty so salvage draw for sheffield wednesday . watford 85pts to play apr 25 brighton -lrb- a -rrb- , may 2 sheff wed -lrb"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
arsenal beat arsenal 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . steve clarke 's reading team struggled to match their illustrious opponents . they backed off and defended , and offered a little too much respect to the team with the best form in the barclays premier league since the turn of the year .
gary neville and paul scholes attend salford city game at home to clitheroe town on saturday . scholes , too , punches the air , his face beaming as it once did when he scored a last-minute goal against manchester city in april 2010 .
radamel falcao has failed to score since january 31 against leicester . the colombian has scored just four goals this season in a united shirt . but falco has also failed to have a shot on target in the premier league . he has collected # 3,080,000 in wages since his move to old trafford .
andres iniesta made his barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season . the spain international has admitted he is grateful to van gaal . iniesta also admitted he took great joy in defeating chelsea and manchester united during barca 's run to champions league success in 2009 .
manchester united will introduce the living wage at old trafford in july . in-house staff paid # 7.85 an hour should they be based in london . but united officials have decided to implement the salary a year early . chelsea became the first professional club in england to pay a living wage .
wayne rooney has enjoyed a good record against manchester city since he joined united in 2004 . the 29-year-old is the leading united scorer in derby history with 11 goals . rooney knows victory would put united four points clear of city . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
the team from the volga region of russia were competing in the second division in the southern zone , effectively russian football 's third tier . volgograd is one of the 11 host cities for the 2018 world cup although rotor did not play at the victory arena which will have a capacity of 45,000 spectators .
kevin mirallas opened the scoring on his return to the first team at goodison park . ross barkley was sent off for retaliation after missing a chance to give his side the lead from the spot . burnley were left feeling hard-done-by as referee mike jones denied them a couple of possible penalties .
everton beat burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at goodison park . roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco at the club . the everton manager has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league . kevin mirallas scored the only goal of the game after 29 minutes .
steven naismith is the latest recipient of the barclays spirit of the game award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community . the 28-year-old has worked with the likes of job centre plus , dyslexia scotland and the whitechapel centre in liverpool .
everton manager roberto martinez sees fearlessness in relegation-threatened burnley similar to that displayed by his wigan team in surviving against the odds in the premier league . the clarets head to goodison park having beaten manchester city , drawn against tottenham and being narrowly defeated by arsenal in the last month .
manny pacquiao has promoted a range of t-shirts commemorating his bout with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . he uploaded a picture of one of the shirts , named ` fight gear ' on the website selling the merchandise , which is black and has ` the fight of the century ' . the final shirt available to supporters has an 'm ' for mayweather over a ` p ' .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao fight in las vegas this week . tickets for the fight have yet to go on public sale , with the two camps and the mgm grand locked in a stand-off over allotments . the impasse has left fans in the dark and ticket brokers perplexed .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao fight will gross more than $ 300million . sky sports pundits jamie redknapp and thierry henry are getting involved . but both men collapse into giggles as they struggle to maintain mock tension . click here for all the latest boxing news .
aston villa striker christian benteke has two years left on his contract . the 24-year-old has scored eight goals in his last six matches . tim sherwood said there would likely be talks over the striker 's # 50,000-a-week contract during the summer .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . martin skrtel believes steven gerrard has had upon him since arriving at anfield in 2008 . the slovakia international has gone on to become a mainstay in liverpool 's defence .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . brendan rodgers has urged liverpool to turn wembley back into ` anfield south ' . rodgers also spoke of his eagerness to claim his first piece of silverware at liverpool in 2012 .
stoke are 17th in the premier league fair play table . mark hughes believes tom jones ' song ` delilah ' is costing them a spot . potters ' faithful have been singing jones song since the 1980s . the hit has become stoke 's unofficial club anthem .
zlatan ibrahimovic will miss three games and marseille playmaker payet . both clubs succeeded with appeals to the french olympic committee . the swede reacted angrily to the defeat and said it was the worst refereeing display he 'd ever seen . click here for all the latest paris saint-germain news .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the la liga on saturday . victory over fourth-placed valencia will take enrique 's men at least temporarily five points clear at the top of the table . andreas iniesta has been ruled out of his side 's league encounter against valencia .
barcelona beat psg 3-1 in the champions league quarter final . luis suarez says he nutmegged david luiz twice because there was nothing else i could do . the double took his tally to 17 goals for barca this season and 11 in his last 11 games .
laura robson used an ice bath as a means of cooling down in the florida heat as she nears a return to action after more than a year off the court . the 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 australian open more than 15 months ago after requiring surgery on an injured wrist .
uefa 's general secretary gianni infantino has warned there will be no choice but to suspend greece from international football . uefa and fifa say that is direct government interference in football . panathinakos ' game against olympiakos in february was marred by crowd trouble in athens .
gareth bale is out of real 's champions league quarter-final second leg against atletico . the wales international injured his calf during saturday 's 3-1 win against malaga . the 25-year-old could start isco , jese and javier hernandez in the absence of his key triumvirate .
stephan lichtsteiner was part of the juventus team that won 1-0 in turin last year . the defender has tipped kingsley coman to be the next big thing . the pair are currently stars alongside pogba at lille . the 18-year-old says he is watching coman being sculpted into a special player .
leonardo jardim believes monaco 's march to the champions league quarter-finals is proof that clubs do not have to splash the cash in order to achieve european success . monaco have passed since dmitry rybolovlev 's takeover prompted a slew of big-name arrivals at the stade louis ii . the russian billionaire has tightened the purse strings in recent seasons .
diego simeone believes english football needs to ` wake up ' after poor showing in europe . chelsea , arsenal and manchester city were dumped out of the europa league in the same round . he believes this season 's failure should spark a response from the premier league 's top clubs .
robin van persie and jonny evans both limped off as manchester united drew 1-1 at leicester . rafael and adnan januzaj were both limping off after leaving swansea on crutches . but he was up and running again in the east midlands .
nathaniel clyne is stalling over a new contract at the club . the england right-back enters the final year of his current deal at the end of the season . the saints are in talks with the defender 's representatives over an extension . sportsmail can reveal it is looking increasingly likely that he will reject a new deal at st mary 's in search of a move to a champions league club this summer .
everton have expressed an interest in charlie austin who could leave loftus road in the summer . the toffees were among premier league clubs who checked on club brugge 's 19-year-old forward obbi oulare on sunday . the young striker came through the youth ranks at lille .
gianfranco zola is to leave brentford this summer because his vision did not match the owners ' rayo vallecano 's paco jemez was the initial favourite to land the job . the italian was manager of watford for a little over a season beginning in 2012 .
qpr goalkeeper rob green made calamitous error in england 's 1-1 draw with usa at the 2010 world cup . green swapped east for west ham after west ham sealed promotion back to the premier league with a 2-1 play-off final victory over blackpool . the 35-year-old was forced to let green leave on free transfer due to financial constraints .
manchester united and liverpool target memphis depay has held talks with paris st germain . the dialogue between psg and depay represents a threat to the premier league clubs with the qatari-backed french club understood to have made a significantly better financial offer than liverpool . united have yet to hold detailed talks with the player but have informed psv of their wish to do so .
thierry henry hit out at javier hernandez for celebrating his late winner against atletico madrid . the striker sent home fans into raptures when he swept in a pass from cristiano ronaldo with just two minutes left to play after neat work by the portugal international .
thierry henry posted an 84-minute video of javier hernandez celebrating ` like he 'd won the world cup ' . former arsenal striker henry said after the match that he owed everything to his team-mate cristiano ronaldo . the three-time world player of the year could have shot with two minutes to go in real madrid 's champions league quarter-final second leg against bitter rivals atletico .
barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league semi-finals . luis suarez admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside lionel messi and neymar . the uruguayan has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barcelona since joining the club this season .
amir khan will fight chris algieri at the barclays center in new york on may 29 . the bolton-born fighter has slammed kell brook for his recent comments . this confirmation sets up two successive big nights of televised boxing involving khan and his british rival brook .
manny pacquiao has the style to beat floyd mayweather in the fight of the century . the hitman also considers that having freddie roach in his corner gives the pacman a massive advantage over the money man . hatton expects mayweather will ` find a way to win ' .
kell brook will fight frankie gavin on may 30 at the o2 in london . the welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for kevin mitchell and lee selby while anthony joshua faces his toughest test to date against kevin johnson .
manny pacquiao has a better chance of beating floyd mayweather now than he did in 2010 . the pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago . but after half a decade of speculation , the pair will finally go head-to-head in las vegas on may 2 .
the official advert for floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao has been released with less than a month until the two meet in las vegas . it shows both fighters walking towards each other and squaring up in the middle of a desert road . the fight on may 2 is expected to break the pay-per-view record of # 102m set by mayweather 's fight with saul ` canelo ' alvarez in september 2013 .
floyd mayweather is widely considered to be the current pound-for-pound no 1 . but he believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport . mayweather also criticised the ` rope-a-dope ' tactics adopted by ali against george foreman in their rumble in the jungle .
the plug was pulled on manny pacquiao 's last conference call as the fight of the century continued its bitter way towards a half-billion dollar fortune . bob arum , the pacman 's veteran promoter , ordered an end to the discussion when he realised that many more than the promised tight-knit group of leading sportswriters were jamming the lines . arum has always doubted the worth of mass telephone talk-ins , during which the same questions are often asked over and
amir khan took a break from using the speed ball before finishing off a bottle of milkshake . the bolton-born fighter then flipped the empty bottle up , unleashed a flurry of punches to keep it in the air . the 28-year-old is currently training for his upcoming fight against chris algieri on may 29 .
blackpool chairman karl oyston took a surprising step in denying five football association charges for text messages during which he labelled a supporter a ` retard ' . the unpopular chief initially had until march 30 to reply , but was granted an extension . his appeal is expected to be heard by a separate fa panel next month and oyston still faces a ban from football activities .
celtic boss rny deila has called for caley thistle 's josh meekings to be spared a scottish cup final ban despite his controversial handball . the norwegian said it would serve no purpose for the defender to be given a retrospective suspension by the sfa .
stan ternent , hull 's chief scout has watched maciej rybus . the 25-year-old impressed during poland 's 1-1 draw with republic of ireland . he has one year left on his current deal and has a get-out clause for # 3.2 million .
manuel pellegrini watched city 's academy in their fa youth cup final against chelsea on monday night . the premier league champions are also interested in signing danny ings and jay rodriguez . frank lampard , scott sinclair and micah richards will all leave while richard wright is expected to follow .
mauricio pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players based on past success . harry kane , nabil bentaleb and ryan mason have taken giant strides in the senior set-up this season . spurs goalkeeper hugo lloris has previously spoken of his desire to play in the champions league .
cheltenham town have two games to preserve their football league status . manager gary johnson has revealed one of the techniques he is using to try and bring the best out of his players . cheltenham occupy 23rd in league two and trail 22nd placed hartlepool united and the safety places by a point .
oxford beat tranmere 3-0 in their mersey clash on saturday . micky adams left the club by ` mutual consent ' after 94 years of membership . the fear involves dropping out of the football league a week . the fight between barnet and bristol rovers eased past .
micky adams has left tranmere by mutual consent with just two games of the season to play . the former leicester boss failed to show for his post-match press conference after the 3-0 defeat by oxford . adams joined the club in october before officially taking charge .
burton secured promotion to sky bet league one after lucas akins scored both goals in their 2-1 win at morecambe . jimmy floyd hasselbaink 's side are up as , despite fourth-placed bury still being able to catch them , third-placed wycombe .
steven gerrard and frank lampard will be awarded special merit awards . the pfa will pay tribute to the pair 's outstanding contribution to english football at their annual awards ceremony this weekend . the pair have won 19 major trophies between them - including two champions league and two uefa cup/europa league victories .
rafael benitez has yet to sign a contract extension with napoli . the spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season . napoli are fourth in the league this term and are firmly on course to reach the semi-finals of the europa league . fiorentina vs dynamo kiev -lrb- agg 1-1 -rrb- vs wolfsburg .
rafael benitez has been linked with the managerial job at sampdoria . sinisa mihajlovic is being lined up to replace him at napoli . the spaniard has taken inspiration from a favourite chant of the goodison park and old trafford terraces . napoli travel to face napoli on sunday .
javier hernandez struck in the 88th minute to send real madrid out . the mexican striker has toiled for the last two seasons desperate for a chance to do what he feels he does best -- score big goals in big games . marca say hernand""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
aaron cresswell has been a consistent performer for west ham since signing from ipswich for # 2million last summer . the 25-year-old has starred for the hammers this term , scoring twice - including this goal against newcastle . allarydce claims club have not been approached with an offer for his services .
elliot kear will return to rugby league 's championship with london broncos . the wales winger has spent most of the year playing rugby union . kear moved to premiership rugby from bradford and returns for the broncos under andrew henderson . click here for all the latest wales news .
james lockwood given two-year ban for breaching rugby football league 's anti-doping regulations in the first finding of its kind in the uk . the 29-year-old former dewsbury forward has been banned for two years after failing a doping test in november .
bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised during sunday 's ladbrokes challenge cup fifth-round defeat by hull kr . the championship club say three cars were broken into and damaged within the richard dunn sports centre car park . bulls are appealing for witnesses .
toulon 's crusade to win an unprecedented third successive european title nearly stalled at stade velodrome on sunday . the holders of the last heineken cup face a mammoth task if they are to stop clermont auvergne from claiming the inaugural champions cup .
salford assistant coach ian watson is poised to come out of his retirement at the age of 38 . watson has stepped up his training ahead of sunday 's home game against castleford after salford lost a fourth player to suspension and three more to injury . the record for the oldest player in super league is held by australian steve menzies .
john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln . it was a day i have often tried to forget , but it was the one i must always remember . approaching the 30th anniversary of the fire , it was inevitable i would be asked to recall the horrific images . what i did not expect was for someone to suggest the fire may not have been an accident , as martin fletcher has done with his book fifty-six .
bradford city celebrated promotion from the old english third division . just 21 years of age , mccall returned to his car , only to find the door handle was burning hot . upon learning his father , andy , had been badly burned and was missing . the 30th anniversary is approaching since the tragic fire that killed 56 people at bradford 's ground in 1985 .
sir oliver popplewell , the judge who conducted the 1985 bradford fire public inquiry , says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to ` see if there was anything sinister ' . he stands by the original ruling saying there was no evidence of arson .
former sports minister says heginbotham ` flew by the seat of his pants ' in terms of the finances of the club but remains convinced by the conclusion of the inquiry by high court judge mr justice popplewell . a memorial to the people who died in the 1985 fire at valley parade claimed 56 lives do not justify a new inquiry into the disaster .
the liverpool super-middleweight set to meet andre ward on june 20 . the deal is still being rubber-stamped and ward 's wba world title is unlikely to be on the line . it is a huge opportunity for smith but an even bigger task against a fighter who outclassed carl froch in 2011 .
former middleweight world champion julio cesar chavez jr was stopped in nine rounds by andrzej fonfara . the 37-year-old super-middleweight has not fought since knocking out george groves in their re-match last may . the decision was taken to pull him out as he slipped to his second career defeat .
yaya toure and samir nasri among the high-profile casualties . manchester city are four points clear and have a superior goal difference . stevan jovetic is no carlos tevez ; fernando no great upgrade on gareth barry or nigel de jong .
patrick vieira has the backing of manchester city players to replace manuel pellegrini as manager of the club . the former arsenal midfielder is highly-respected among the city players and his work with the youth team has n't gone unnoticed too . city 's first-choice managerial option remains bayern munich boss pep guardiola .
the victim , john lahiff , has spoken out from his hospital bed at cairns base hospital , swearing he will return to the green again after the nasty run-in with the crocodile . on monday afternoon , the man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the palmer sea reef golf course , causing the croc to swiftly retaliate . he received puncture wounds on his leg and foot , including one down to
facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online . study found they read magazines ` infrequently ' but checked facebook every few hours . the same week as an australian mother received a poison pen letter from a facebook friend because of her regular updates about her baby daughter . she got her own back on the unidentified ` friends ' by forwarding it onto comedian em rusciano .
nicholas tooth , 25 , was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid-north nsw on saturday . he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent 's shoulder during a tackle . he was airlifted to newcastle 's john hunter hospital in a critical condition .
a russian youtuber captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road , crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake . the eerie phenomenon is called an ` earthflow ' and is a rare type of landslide . it 's a viscous flow of fine-grained materials , such as clay , sand and silt that have been saturated with water and moves downhill because of the pull of gravity .
julie stauch and married couple sean bagniewski and vidhya reddy appear in the video announcing clinton 's 2016 bid . they are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement , to spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business .
an icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour . called the jungle bar it also contains dates , sesame seeds and chocolate . the bar itself is claimed to be a good source of iron and protein - owing to the crickets - but whether you 'll want to bite into one is another matter .
a video has emerged showing galaxy s6 edge bending and shattering under 110lbs -lrb- 50kg -rrb- of pressure . it was released by third-party warranty firm squaretrade , and has since been criticised by samsung . the company has now responded with its own video , demonstrating a three-point bend test on both its galaxy s 6 models .
dr sandra lee is dermatologist at the skin physicians & surgeons practice in upland , california , and a regular guest on the doctors talk show . she started posting clips of her patients ' extractions on her youtube channel . the clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers , as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on reddit .
video of the unidentified woman 's robust display at the arena football league game has over 300,000 views on youtube . the flex cam is a stadium tradition in which a camera rolls around the audience so that they can display their muscles . in this particular flex cam a woman in the seats held back for a while contemplating whether or not to strut her stuff .
karen huff klein , 71 , tried to ignore the boys calling her fat , ugly and poor but was seen wiping away her tears . now one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused , along with two others , of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet while holding his crotch . the bullying was videotaped and posted on snapchat , whec reported .
bali nine duo andrew chan and myuran sukumaran face firing squad . pair lost most recent appeal for clemency but three of other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals . indonesian president joko widodo said executions would take place upon their conclusion .
the 40-second clip was recorded by haim kaplan at the ngorongoro conservation area in tanzania . it shows the driver of a supply truck standing next to his vehicle as a group of baboons approach . making an attempt to scare the baboon away , the man is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him and another jumps into the back of the truck .
the craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square . in a method reminiscent of edward scissorhands 's trimming of a hedge . the dog needs to have plenty of hair to play around with so that you can shape it around the face and body .
jack wilshere met brazil legend pele during the launch party of 10ten talent . the arsenal midfielder was given the opportunity to interview the three-time world cup winner . glenn hoddle and pele are clients and the england international made sure his fans knew about their meeting by posting several tweets .
adam prowse , 34 , of torquay , was captured on camera dancing to a series of songs from michael jackson 's do n't stop 'til you get enough ' . the royal mail worker has been dubbed ` the happiest postman in the world ' . adam said he has never spoken to nichola properly despite the fact that the pair enjoy dancing together .
the bizarre slow motion footage was captured in santa barbara , california , by video maker scott kaiser . the video shows the pelican looking majestic , content and relaxed at this point in the clip . before it began lifting its head all the way back and opening its mouth extremely wide to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak .
the ancient tuscan settlement , based 40 miles south east of genoa , is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown . the town was formerly owned by the benedictine abbey of san pietro dei monti in the 1100s . seismic instability caused by earthquakes forced residents to flee their homes more than 60 years ago .
the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school , la llotja . the tribute will be dedicated exclusively to the new york director . mediapro group are behind the project , headed up by personal friend of allen , jaume roures , who also produced three of his films .
tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section . the impressive route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors every year . an estimated 910,000 flock to the frozen passage last year .
researchers from the university of alberta in canada claim to have settled the debate once and for all . their study found the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones .
patrick miller , from cambridge , ` swims ' in the shallow end of the pool , which does n't have any water . the three-and-a-half minute video , titled ` never letting him book a hotel again ' , offers a glimpse into every traveller 's nightmare .
the welsh fort will be joined to the mainland thanks to 328ft footbridge across the sea . known as st catherine 's island , and home to the historic tower and gun rooms , can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide . but tomorrow , planners are due to approve a new footbridge , which will stretch more than 328 ft -lrb- 100 metres -rrb- . this connector will open up the island from the coast of tenby , pembrok
the incredible footage was shot at domodedovo airport in russia . it shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies . while the rubber may well be more comfortable than the airport floor , the swinging motion of the conveyor make it a less-than comfortable snooze .
the cafe is based in moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets when they go for a cup of tea . alternatively , those who do not have a cat , can rent one for the duration of their visit and play with them in a separate room . all of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped . customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview .
the dog named teeny is captured on video sat opposite eric ko . the pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively and wait for the trainer 's command before getting into position . the trainer and the dog begin their workout and complete a press-up together to the count of four .
former england rugby captain lewis moody was forced to make an emergency landing in the arctic on saturday . the 36-year-old pilot made the decision to bring the plane down . moody is undertaking a 100km trek to the north pole to raise # 250,000 for charity .
the lion was captured by a visitor to the dierenrijk zoo in the netherlands . zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions , as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild . the animal , hoping to beat two other lions to the food , reaches in too far and suddenly gets its head stuck .
the profanity-laced comedy sketch by 26 minutes follows ` jeff randl ' . with more than 300,000 views on youtube since late march , some viewers said they were offended or did n't find the humour in the show 's over-the-top depiction of americans on the slopes in switzerland .
the trio were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of anderson island , washington . filming from the boat , steven captured the orcas swimming from afar . the group believe that the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the pod to them .
the 27-year-old said just the smell from a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours . speaking to a networking wa audience at crown perth on wednesday , the burns survivor said she still feels haunted when she talks about being caught in the bushfire . ` my heart rate has just gone up , my hands are sweating , my mouth is all of the sudden dry , ' she said .
michael carrick has made nine competitive starts for england . he played against ecuador in the 2006 world cup , in which england were saved by a david beckham free-kick . carrick was dropped for the quarter-final with portugal . england have won just four competitive matches when carrick started .
england have pulled out of the home nations international under 16 tournament . the move has been prompted by sky allegedly withdrawing title sponsorship as well as reducing live coverage and wanting further changes to the format . however , sky say their recommendations would have raised the profile of an historic competition that first took place in 1925 .
the confidential details were sent by email to potential candidates for the post , front-runners for which are former england captains andrew strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart . the work parameters will not appear on the ecb website or that of headhunters sports recruitment international , as would be the normal procedure .
premier league clubs are so wealthy through tv deals that they can afford to turn down a title sponsorship worth # 45million a year . guinness offered the top flight a huge deal of # 135m over three years , a # 5m-a-year increase on the payments from barclays . but the clubs awash with over # 5billion from domestic tv rights alone rejected the bid from guinness 's parent company diageo .
jonathan trott will play a key role in keeping troubled england batsman focused in the caribbean . trott fell cheaply in both innings in the first test in antigua . the double failure will be a big challenge for trott , with peters ' assistance to continue ` to keep a proper prospective on life and cricket ' .
the ecb are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed paul downton . it was widely believed that the new ecb regime led by chief executive tom harrison and chairman colin graves would waste little time in appointing from a short list of former england captains michael vaughan , andrew strauss and alec stewart .
ukip will be counting on england batting coach graham thorpe voting for them in next month 's general election . thorpe revealed he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party . but he goes on to admit that his ukip backing was gained while he was under the influence of alcohol .
west indies cricket legend sir curtly ambrose launched his autobiography time to talk on the eve of the west indies-england series . ambrose flew to the lord 's nursery ground in 2008 to launch his five-year deal with england that ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence .
paul downton had rashly called a ` man of great judgment ' . clarke confronted guest speaker ehsan mani and sportsmail 's lawrence booth . he was furious mani 's ` disgraceful ' address had made no mention of icc 's test match contingency fund .
marina granovskaia is a chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in english football as the club 's transfer and contract negotiator . she is confirmed to speak -- at least according to the organisers -- for the first time publicly to an audience of 300 senior sports industry figures at a women in sport conference planned by the leaders brand on may 21 .
alex oxlade-chamberlain is represented by his father , former england international mark . calum chambers is on the books of cassius sports management , whose head of talent id is his stepfather steve moss . jack wilshere 's father andy remains the major influence on his son 's career .
jim rodwell 's departure from notts county to become chief executive of scunthorpe has created the need for an election for a league one representative as rodwell can not automatically keep his place . league one clubs have been informed that there are two nominations for the vacant seat -- rodwell and former manchester united director maurice watkins . watkins is a sports lawyer and his firm brabners are representing qpr over their considerable ffp troubles .
sky sports will pay # 11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016 . barney francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - ` fit for the future ' - with the station needing to make considerable changes to afford their gigantic football bill . this will see sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming and those leaving the network are not being automatically replaced .
jose mourinho has issued a gentle warning to chelsea 's next generation . the under 19s won the uefa youth league last week and is set to get his chance next season . ruben loftus-cheek has been part of the first-team at the club .
arsenal and arsene wenger were an embarrassment at home and abroad . the fa cup is n't the definition of success for the great clubs of europe . only the wenger apologists ca n't see that arsenal 's third goal by alexis sanchez in their win over liverpool on saturday .
louis van gaal has identified michael carrick and wayne rooney as two of his most bright players . manchester united now have a eight-point cushion over liverpool and are in good shape to make the champions league . juan mata is a cultured , classy individual on and off the pitch .
liverpool have made poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts since luis suarez departed . brendan rodgers ' sake whoever is in charge of sorting out sterling 's new contract this summer needs to get it right . if they think they can afford to lose suarez , gerrard and sterling in the space of 12 months they are very much mistaken .
michael carrick has a 100 per cent record with england at the world cup . he 's only ever played in one game at the tournament , and england won it 1-0 against ecuador in 2006 . sir alex ferguson signed carrick for # 18million , trusted him in midfield .
frank lampard 's infamous ` ghost ' goal against germany in 2010 world cup finally brought matters to a head . the 2000 africa cup of nations final between nigeria and cameroon had already been scarred by a similar howler while the world watched agog five years later .
emilo izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus their attention on winning the league title . celtic travel to dens park to take on an always-dangerous dundee , deila , john collins and the rest of his backroom team must find a way to lift .
celtic have written to the scottish football association in order to gain an ` understanding ' of refereeing decisions . the hoops were left outraged by referee steven mclean 's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the box by josh meekings . celtic had taken the lead in the semi-final through defender virgil van dijk 's curling free-kick on 18 minutes .
gary warren picked up his second booking of the scottish cup semi-final . the central defender missed last year 's league cup final for the same reason . warren has called for a change to the ` ridiculous ' rule that will see him banned from a second final in successive seasons .
peter moores has been forced to defend alastair cook badly needing runs and wins in the last two tests of the series . england 's failure to win the first test and cook 's failed in both innings leaves the captain in the spotlight . moores remains steadfast in his backing for cook .
captain alastair cook says england will leave antigua with ' a bit of a downer on ' . tourists were halted by stubbornly unresponsive pitch at sir vivian richards stadium . cook did everything in his power to force the issue , rotating his bowlers , tinkering with fields and leaving close catchers in place from first ball to last .
anderson took his 384th wicket in test cricket when west indies captain denesh ramdin edged him to his great friend alastair cook at slip . anderson has had ups and downs since claiming zimbabwe 's mark vermeulen as his first test victim 12 years ago at lord 's .
jack grealish handed his first premier league start against queens park rangers a fortnight ago . the 19-year-old academy graduate had a hand in christian benteke 's goal as aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 at wembley on sunday . the youngster was not disappoint , playing a part in the goal .
fabian delph set up christian benteke 's equaliser after philippe coutinho opened the scoring for the reds . delph 's strike means that tim sherwood 's charges will return to wembley to face holders arsenal in next month 's showpiece .
brendan rodgers has reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities and urged them to learn from a chastening week . the england international was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on monday . then 24 hours later pictures emerged of sterling and ibe with shisha pipes .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . brendan rodgers believes a ` very poor decision ' by michael oliver 's assistant referee was one of the reason 's liverpool were knocked out . reds striker mario balotelli had the ball in the net only to see the linesman unfairly flag for offside .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 at the parc des princes . goals from neymar and a double from luis suarez made sure the la liga leaders travel back to spain . sportsmail rates the players in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final .
juan mata was substituted by chelsea boss jose mourinho last year . the spaniard had scored united 's third goal in the 4-2 win over manchester city . mata has performed better than he ever has in the premier league . louis van gaal is finally getting the best out of mata .
england are in danger of losing their fourth champions league spot in the coming years . this season , there were no english clubs in the quarter-finals of the champions league . italian and german clubs performing significantly better this season . if juventus , napoli and fiorentina win all their remaining games possible .
chelsea host manchester united in the premier league on saturday . jose mourinho 's men have had to rely on one or two last-gasp interventions . sportsmail asks 10 key questions ahead of this weekend 's big match . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
jose mourinho says diego costa 's recovery from hamstring injury is going well . costa sustained the injury in the 2-1 home win over stoke city on april 4 . but his recovery has been quicker than expected and the 19-goal frontman will rejoin the squad for training next week .
jose mourinho believes manchester united will not be weakened by injury problems when they play chelsea . united boss louis van gaal revealed he will be without marcos rojo , phil jones , michael carrick and daley blind at stamford bridge . the blues currently enjoy a seven-point lead in the premier league title race with a game in hand .
wayne rooney may have to return to midfield role at stamford bridge . centre-backs phil jones and marcos rojo will also miss trip to premier league leaders . jonny evans completed his six-match ban , louis van gaal described it as ` the worst scenario ' .
jurgen klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer . the 47-year-old german will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely . klopp has enjoyed seven successful years in charge at the westfalenstadion .
manchester city and chelsea are set to battle it out for aaron cresswell . the 25-year-old has impressed during his first season in the premier league . city are desperate to add to their quota of english players with the likes of james milner on the brink of leaving the club .
joel ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal at crystal palace . the 25-year-old has impressed at both left and right back this season . ward has played 101 times for the eagles since joining from portsmouth in may 2012 . he cites the influence of manager alan pardew in his decision to sign a new deal .
eduis suarez will be at the parc des princes tonight , forming one part of football 's most famous three-man attack . cavani has been stripped by suspension of two key players , zlatan ibrahimovic and marco veratti , the product of that ugly last 16 success against chelsea .
nico rosberg complained during a heated press conference that his mercedes team-mate hamilton had acted ` selfishly ' in slowing down to such an extent that he could have been caught by sebastian vettel of ferrari . hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in china .
niki lauda is fully expecting nico rosberg to turn ` nasty ' at some stage . hamilton spearheaded a mercedes one-two at the shanghai international circuit . the german claimed his fourth chinese grand prix victory and the 35th overall of his formula one career .
lewis hamilton secured his second victory in three races at the chinese grand prix . but rosberg was furious with his mercedes team-mate , accusing him of compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from ferrari 's sebastian vettel .
renault suffered two blown engines as first red bull 's daniil kvyat was forced out of the race , followed late on by toro rosso 's max verstappen . the fact renault powered red bull to four consecutive drivers ' championships from 2010-2013 is a thing of the past .
vincent kompany says his mum stopped him moving to manchester united as a teenager . the belgian international broke into anderlecht 's first team at a young age and was highly-coveted . he said : ` united asked about me , but i had other priorities at the time ' .
manchester city players will lose # 500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . premier league title holders give star players like sergio aguero , david silva , joe hart and yaya toure incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules . city are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals liverpool .
cesc fabregas was the diamond when he worked the opening . the finish called for precision . chelsea are within inches of the silverware - the barclays premier league crown . jose mourinho 's team are withinin of their silverware after this dramatic game of smash and grab .
cesc fabregas broke his nose during chelsea 's 1-0 win over qpr . the spaniard took a hit to the face from charlie adam 's forearm minutes before the scot struck a 66-yard wondergoal at stamford bridge . sportsmail exclusively revealed the protective mask was branded with his initial and squad number for the premier league clash .
toby alderweireld has been in superb form this season at southampton . the 26-year-old moved to st mary 's on a season-long loan just months after playing for atletico madrid in the champions league final . the belgium international has expressed a desire to stay at saints .
manchester united beat city 1-0 in the ` mini-derby ' at 3pm on saturday . callum gribbin was the matchwinner for manchester united with a free-kick . altrincham 's compact 6,000-capacity home may not be old trafford .
richie benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge . he took 248 test wickets and hit 2,201 runs , with three centuries , and reclaimed the ashes for australia as captain before successfully defending them twice . the great commentator , who had been receiving treatment for skin cancer since november , began broadcasting for the bbc while still a player in 1963 and carried on until a car crash forced him out of the commentary box in
richie benaud died on wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer . the former australia captain was the voice of cricket for generations . benaud was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests . david gower , geoffrey boycott and benaud assembled a formidable line-up for the bbc in 1995 .
richie benaud has died at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer . the man who spoke with an unrivalled blend of insight , authority and wit from commentary boxes at cricket matches across the globe will always be remembered . here , sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career .
richie benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge . he won 63 test caps between january 1952 and february 1964 , collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin -lrb- at a very good average of 27 -rrb- and scoring 2,201 runs at 24 . it was often an understated era , typified by jim laker 's steadfast refusal to celebrate any of the 19 wickets he took
shane warne hailed richie benaud as the ` godfather of cricket ' . the former australia captain died aged 84 at the age of 84 . he was a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 tests while never losing a series in charge of his country .
michael vaughan has revealed he has held talks with the ecb over becoming england 's new chief executive . the 2005 ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the three-man shortlist compiled by ecb at thursday 's management board meeting . alec stewart , who is also in the frame , stands at the kia oval ahead of a surrey team photo shoot on thursday .
kevin pietersen has been named in surrey 's 13-man squad for the three-day warm-up against an oxford university side . the 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by england after the humiliating ashes whitewash defeat last year .
lancashire have signed australia all-rounder james faulkner as their overseas player for the bulk of this summer . the indian premier league commitments to replace compatriot peter siddle , who will play in the red rose 's first four lv = county championship matches .
jacques burger will be available to play in saracens ' european champions cup semi-final against clermont auvergne in saint etienne on april 18 . the namibia flanker received a one-week ban after he appeared at a champions cup disciplinary hearing on thursday . burger was cited by the match commissioner for striking racing metro scrum-half maxime machenaud during last weekend 's champions cup quarter-final victory in paris .
owen farrell is hoping to be fit for saracens ' champions cup semi-final clash against clermont auvergne on april 18 . the fly-half has been sidelined since suffering a knee ligament injury against the same opponents in january . bath 's george ford filling the number 10 shirt in accomplished fashion as england finished second behind ireland .
elliot daly named aviva premiership 's player of the month for march . uncapped wasps centre scored two tries in march as coventry-based club maintained on course for a champions cup spot next season . daly 's form at centre has him pushing incumbent england no 13 jonathan joseph hard for his place .
harry kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ` best week of my life ' . at just 21 years and 251 days , the tottenham striker led out his side for the first time during their dour goalless draw against burnley on easter sunday . the striker scored within seconds of his england debut against lithuania on march 27 .
newcastle beat sunderland 3-0 in the tyne-wear derby on sunday . head coach john carver said before the game he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve and would only reveal what it was following victory . phil neville was scathing in his assessment of newcastle a fortnight ago .
adam johnson , 27 , has represented sunderland 12 times . he was arrested seven weeks ago and learnt his fate during an arranged appointment at peterlee police station , durham . the father of a three-month-old daughter has been accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming .
australian doctor named as tareq kamleh called on foreign medics to travel to isis stronghold in raqqa to help launch the ishs . the video showed him handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope . once the propaganda video went viral , people from the doctor 's past started to recognise the previously unidentified doctor .
inter milan manager roberto mancini insists reports xherdan shaqiri is set to leave the club this summer are ` completely made up ' . the switzerland international joined inter in january for a fee in the region of # 12million , signing a four-and-a-half year contract .
cristiano ronaldo and mauro icardi brandishing lightsabers . corriere dello sport confidently claim it 's ` mission possible ' . spain face sevilla in the second semi-final of the champions league . juventus face fiorentina in the semi-finals .
vilanova died aged 45 on april 25 last year after a long battle with cancer . the former barcelona coach played an integral part in its most successful era . vilanova was pep guardiola 's assistant during a golden spell for the club . the pair knew each other from passing through barca 's youth system .
flight from milan to istanbul made emergency landing at ataturk airport . airbus a320 aircraft 's passengers were evacuated safely . one passenger took a photo of the severely damaged wing from their seat . the plane slid off the runway after its declaration of emergency landing . it is believed the right landing gear was damaged on a first landing .
smitha srivastava , of allahabad , india , holds the record for having the longest hair in india . her hair now stands at 7ft -lrb- 2.1 m -rrb- , more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player .
a 12-year-old schoolboy needed to be rescued after falling down an eight-foot drain in peterborough . firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free the boy , whose leg was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole . it is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position .
gareth barry has advised his everton team-mate ross barkley against moving to manchester city at this young stage of his career . barry spent four seasons at city before being found surplus to requirements . the 21-year-old has overcome his early season struggles to play an influential role in everton 's recent revival .
ronnie o'sullivan has admitted he would ` love ' to be the presenter of the bbc show . the five-time world snooker champion is looking for another title this week at the crucible . he will play matthew stevens in the last 16 and will play matt"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
eden hazard is poised to win pfa player of the year as chelsea storm towards the premier league title . cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are ` in outer space ' by comparison . neville believes hazard is on par with arjen robben , thomas muller , neymar , gareth bale and james rodriguez .
ashley young believes the club will be challenging for the title next season . the red devils have endured two mixed campaigns following the retirement of legendary manager sir alex ferguson in may 2013 . the 29-year-old has played a prominent role for united this season under louis van gaal .
prime minister made embarrassing gaffe by forgetting which team he supports . speaking at an event in south london , the pm claimed to be a west ham supporter . he said : ` you can support man utd , the west indies and team gb all at the same time - of course i 'd rather you supported west ham ' .
chelsea are set to be without striker diego costa for sunday 's trip to arsenal . the spain striker failed to recover in time from a hamstring injury . jose mourinho said he would make a late decision on costa 's fitness . loic remy is also out of the match leaving didier drogba .
 com , price was the owner of ann 's snack bar in atlanta . back in 2007 , the wall street journal named her signature ` ghetto burger , ' a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili . price , who was a popular figure in the community , started the restaurant back in 1971 .
jack grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season . the situation is described as 50/50 at this stage , with the 19-year-old having taken time out from national duty seven months ago . republic of ireland beat liverpool in an fa cup semi-final on sunday .
defending champion maria sharapova joined by players including ana ivanovic , caroline wozniacki , sabine lisicki , angelique kerber . world no 1 serena williams was the highest profile absentee , admitting she was not ready for the clay court season .
brazilian legend ronaldo and zinedine zidane took part in the 12th annual match against poverty . former french international jay-jay okocha and gianluca zambrotta were joined by a host of former greats including clarence seedorf .
david ospina was fortunate to get away without conceding a penalty . hector bellerin was preferred to fit again mathieu debuchy and justified his manager 's faith . laurent koscielny cruised through the first half owing to chelsea playing with no striker .
bouchard refused to shake hands with romanian opponent alexandra dulgheru . bouchard ended up suffering not just the humiliation of losing to far lesser ranked opponents in front of her hometown crowd in montreal . she brought upon herself scorn of fair-minded canadians in the media , social and otherwise .
louis van gaal and his players met ill supporters on behalf of the manchester united foundation . the trio , along with other squad members such as ashley young and michael carrick , met the fans at their training complex . the three united heroes greeted all the supporters in attendance , making time to pose for photographs , chat with them about united 's season so far .
liverpool have agreed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with standard chartered bank . the deal will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season . liverpool have signed up as the reds ' main sponsor in july 2010 . the company 's logo has appeared on the team 's shirts .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history . the couple recently purchased a mansion in beverly hills for # 8.4 million . married for 15 years , the couple are on the most celebrated in the philippines .
west ham 's season tickets will cost as little as # 289 when they move to the olympic stadium in stratford . co-chairmen david gold and david sullivan are using enhanced tv revenue to pass savings to fans . the new tv deal starts in 2016 after sky and bt agreed to pay more than # 5billion for domestic rights .
lewis hamilton 's younger sibling nicolas is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the british touring car championship . the 30-year-old admits nicolas shares the family stubborn streak which does not always welcome advice but recently he has been able to adopt a mentor 's role .
jack grealish played gaelic football five years ago in a dublin v kerry senior game . on his debut for john mitchels , a gaa club in warwickshire , he received a mighty blow and appealed to the referee . the 19-year-old watched a sky sports special dedicated to george best .
the video , allegedly shot near the capital of sanaa , sees some 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine in the sand . it comes after months of conflict which has seen iran-backed houthi rebels fight both the government and the local al qaeda affiliates .
the environmental scientist turned model designed the swimsuits for all 's trend range , swimsexy . the swimwear features plunging v-necks , criss-cross straps and flattering cuts for all shapes . she revealed that the idea for the collaboration came about through a conversation she had with the brand while she was working with them on a photoshoot .
abby bishop was just 24 when she took in her niece zala . it was august 2013 and she began pre-season training with the canberra capitals straight away . she decided to spend a few years living in europe full-time playing basketball , but she had to adjust her plans to do what was best for her .
daley blind was given a large self-portrait of himself and former holland international father danny . the manchester united star posted a picture of the impressive painting on his instagram , which includes images of the father and son together . blind has been a key figure for united this campaign .
david haye , 34 , was stopped by officials on his arrival at dubai international airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced . he also handed over his passport to authorities , and has been unable to leave the united arab emirates - forcing him to miss a mixed martial arts event in birmingham at the weekend .
six chelsea players have been named in the professional footballers ' association premier league team of the year . jose mourinho 's men are on the brink of a first title since 2010 . the entire back four started the season as blues players , with centre-back pairing john terry and gary cahill joined by branislav ivanovic and ryan bertrand .
javier hernandez scored twice in real 's 4-2 win over celta vigo on sunday . the on-loan manchester united striker made it six goals in eight games . his double means he has now scored a goal every 83 minutes . the ratio is only two minutes short of lionel messi .
the recent explosion of live video streaming apps such as periscope and meerkat have raised the realistic prospect that sky and us broadcasters showtime and hbo could miss out on millions . the video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user 's phone .
andrea pirlo scored a stunning free-kick for juve against rivals torino . the italian midfielder looked on course to win the title with a victory on sunday . matteo darmian equalised for the home side just before the interval and fabio quagliarella completed the shock comeback around the hour mark .
ronnie o'sullivan made a rude gesture during his second round match against matthew stevens . the five-time world champion enjoyed a successful day , firing two rapid centuries in establishing a 12-4 lead . the warning from marteel could be the end of sunday 's matter .
cesc fabregas was booed by large portions of arsenal supporters on his return to the emirates . chelsea midfielder was substituted in the dying moments he was given an applause . arsenal are third in the premier league , level on points with manchester city . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
ronnie o'sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the crucible on tuesday . the rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year 's betfred world championship in sheffield . but he could now face a fine after breaching snooker 's strict dress code .
england 's national saint 's day falls on april 23 , and a number of the country 's finest footballers were quick to show their pride with a series of photographs and videos . recently called-up spurs striker harry kane posted a picture of his younger self , posing with his brother charlie .
manchester united beat everton 3-0 at goodison park on sunday . goals from james mccarthy , john stones and kevin mirallas condemned united to their third successive premier league loss . louis van gaal admitted he was worried after watching united go through pre-match warm-up .
louis van gaal said his players could not match everton 's motivation . manchester united lost 3-0 to everton at goodison park on may 24 . united boss said he was worried after watching united go through pre-match warm-up . the two sides are currently fourth in the premier league .
cristiano ronaldo has devoted hours on the training field to mastering the art of the perfect set-piece , but even the best in the business occasionally get it wrong . after completing his warm-up routine he lifted off his training shirt . after receiving the forward 's shirt the young supporter was clearly overcome with emotion at the kind act .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday . didier drogba posted a picture on instagram of branislav ivanovic , nemanja matic , cesar azpilicueta , eden hazard , john terry and cesc fabregas . arsene wenger accused chelsea of being purposefully defensive .
franck ribery , mehdi benatia , david alaba and arjen robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines as the german giants bid to reach the champions league semi-finals . robben and co appeared to make no difference as bayern raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time before claiming a 6-1 victory to win the tie 7-4 on aggregate .
wayne rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by everton . the england international was replaced by robin van persie in the closing stages of the premier league clash . van gaal confirmed to mutv after the game that rooney had sustained the injury but that it was too early to know the severity .
pep guardiola wore the top demanding justice for jorge ` el topo ' lopez . lopez was killed when a taxi he was travelling back to his hotel in was hit by a stolen car . uefa say guardiola has been disciplined because of an ` incident of a non-sporting nature ' .
harry kane has scored 20 premier league goals for tottenham this season . the 21-year-old arrived at the pfa awards on sunday with childhood sweetheart katie goodland . kane is third-choice striker , netting 30 goals in all competitions for the club .
oscar collided with onrushing david ospina in the 16th minute at the emirates stadium . referee michael oliver waved away chelsea 's protestation following the clash . oscar appeared in a bad way immediately after being poleaxed by the gunners ' goalkeeper .
london welsh forward chris hala'ufia was sent off for a brutal attack on laurence pearce during saturday 's aviva premiership clash . the tongan number eight has been warned in the past over his ill-discipline , halted pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge and left him prone on the ground . after studying replays on the big screen , referee tim wigglesworth showed pearce 's head into the turf .
the emerald green , diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by world boxing council president mauricio sulaiman . the wbc light heavyweight champion adonis stevenson was also on hand as the $ 1million creation was put on show . sulaiman unveiled the belt at an event in mexico city on may 2 .
angelique kerber beat caroline wozniacki 3-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 on sunday . the german finished a memorable week where she beat top seed maria sharapova and sixth seed ekaterina makarova in previous rounds . kerber is now 14th in the world and has won the porsche grand prix .
arsenal fan tv favourite claude callegari insists the flag should be taken down from the side of the emirates stadium . fabregas left arsenal for barcelona in 2011 , leaving some gunners fans questioning why his image still adorns the stadium 's ken friar bridge .
arsenal winger alex oxlade-chamberlain and gary cahill pitted themselves against jack nowell of exeter chiefs and bath 's george ford . the arsenal winger took a quick word of advice before ` nailing ' his opening attempt at kicking a conversion .
the 14-time major winner has played just three tournaments so far this year . the pair met up at nike 's headquarters in shanghai where he got to grips with his swing on an indoor range . woods has confirmed he will return to the pga tour at the players championship on may 7 .
the group of chelsea fans stormed arsenal 's emirates stadium this week . they set off blue smoke bombs and covered the arsenal sign . the four were wearing jose mourinho , diego costa , didier drogba and cesc fabregas masks to hide their identity .
ian poulter is an acupuncture convert who often uses the technique to recover from the various strains that come with the sport . the 39-year-old posted an instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck , accompanied by the caption : ' i feel like a pin cushion ' .
jockey blake shinn bared his bum to all at the hyland race colours plate in canterbury , australia during the race . during the final turn in race 1 , shinn stood up on his horse to gain momentum as he tried to overtake leader tommy berry with the finishing line in sight . however , unfortunately for shinn the only thing sight that took the gaze of those watching was his naked behind . atop miss royale as it tore down the home straight ,
the man , known only as jason , uploaded the clip to youtube . it begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist . he says : ` we have the pliers , they 're going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst with the end of a screwdriver ' .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league on tuesday . pep guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during the match . the spanish tactician 's underwear was on show after the incident . bayern managed to book a place in champions league semi-finals .
algeria 's championnat national de premiere division has four rounds of matches remaining . the current state of the algerian league table sees all 16 teams in with a shout of the championship . the top two teams qualify for next year 's caf champions league , while the team in third make the confederation cup , africa 's equivalent of the europa league .
daniel sturridge will miss liverpool 's trip to hull city on tuesday night . the 25-year-old missed five months with calf and thigh issues . he is now battling to overcome a hip problem that was sustained in the 2-1 defeat to manchester united on march 22 .
george groves will fight badou jack for the wbc world super-middleweight title . the 27-year-old was the underdog for the uic pavilion bout with dirrell unbeaten in his previous 28 fights . the hammersmith-born boxer took to instagram to reveal his winning bet on jack to win by a points decision or via a technical one .
floyd mayweather invited compatriot adrien broner for a feast at his mansion . broner , a three-time world champion , took to instagram to show off the food . chef q , also known as quiana jeffries , has helped the 38-year-old with his strict organic food diet .
didier drogba celebrated playing his part in chelsea 's 1-0 victory over manchester united on saturday night . the ivory coast icon was delighted with how the evening panned out as his team-mates and other members of the world of football and celebrity helped raise a figure .
steven gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending as aston villa beat liverpool at wembley on sunday . the liverpool captain 's time at liverpool will now end in anti-climax . the chances are that he will say his farewells via a series of short cameos .
liverpool were given permission by psv eindhoven to hold with depay . paris st germain have also spoken to the 21-year-old . rodgers does not intend to be as busy as last year when he made eight new signings -- burnley 's danny ings and james milner of manchester city are prime targets .
james mccarthy put everton ahead in just the fifth minute . kevin mirallas put the result beyond doubt after united appealed for offside against romelu lukaku . the dutchman 's biggest defeat as united manager , this setback has arrived just when the optimists were beginning to talk .
david beckham , wife victoria and their two other sons brooklyn and cruz were there to cheer on romeo as he completed the race . it is the same three mile course where mo farah and triathlon champions alistair and jonny brownlee kick started their careers .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates in their premier league clash . john terry has warned arsenal they will never win the league by playing ` tippy-tappy football ' . mourinho 's side were booed off the pitch by home fans after christmas .
the las vegas strip will host the biggest boxing contest ever on saturday night . the mgm grand expects 50,000 people each day to pass through for friday 's weigh-in and saturday 's fight of the century . a convoy of trucks is already delivering the first consignments of half a million bottles of budweiser , miller lite , corona and tecate .
jose mourinho watched fulham under 21s lose to porto u21s on wednesday . the chelsea manager watched fulhammad 's side lose 3-0 to atletico madrid . he joked with his son jose junior , who is on student terms with the cottagers . the blues crashed out of the champions league in the last 16 .
edinson cavani visited the animal sanctuary he visited after barcelona defeat . the uruguayan has struggled in the shadow of zlatan ibrahimovic . the 28-year-old has registered 18 goals for the ligue 1 side this season . manchester united are monitoring his situation closely .
st mirren skipper steven thompson has apologised to team-mate john mcginn . scotland under 21 star was speared with a training ground pole last week . thomson was stabbed in the leg by the pole at saints ' renfrewshire . gary teale 's first-team squad were doing a dribbling drill .
paula radcliffe set the world record of 2:15.25 in the london marathon in april 2003 - a time no woman has threatened 12 years later . radcliffe said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive marathon is not to be sniffed at for a 41-year-old with a left foot as flexible as a rod of iron .
bayern munich legend franz beckenbauer believes jurgen klopp could succeed pep guardiola at the allianz arena . klopp won two bundesliga titles in seven years with borussia dortmund . the 47-year-old has a contract until the summer of 2016 .
liverpool supporters will stage a protest on tuesday night against the mounting costs of tickets in the barclays premier league . the die-hard contingent of fans who travel the length and breadth of the country are staying away from the kc stadium after hull city charged liverpool fans # 50 for their sets . last season , the same seats were sold for # 35 . that price has caused outrage , given stoke fans were charged # 16 for tickets when they went to hull in august and ever
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league quarter-final . thomas muller , 25 , scored the fourth goal of the game in the second leg . it was the world cup winner 's 27th champions league goal , taking him past mario gomez and making him the highest-scoring german since 1992 .
james haskell showed off his inner iron man in a serious-looking instagram post . the flanker returned to wasps for the 2012 season after spells with stade francais , ricoh black rams and highlanders in new zealand . the highly-anticipated movie premiered at westfield london shopping centre on tuesday evening .
andy carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during west ham 's 0-0 draw with southampton and wo n't be available for the rest of the season . the 26-year-old will continue working hard at the club 's chadwell heath training ground to prepare him for the new season .
the ibf , wba and wbo king ended his seven-year hiatus by clearly out-pointing bryant jennings at madison square garden on saturday night . it was not the dazzling new york display he had promised on his stateside return . the american boxing public fell out of love with the 6ft6in ukrainian back in 2008 when he outpointed russian sultan ibragimov in an uninspiring , lop-
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fight in las vegas next week . mayweather was welcoming mariah carey to his gym . carey watched from ringside as mayweather beat shane mosley in 2010 . click here for all the latest mayweather vs mayweather news .
mick schumacher junior is part of the dutch van amersfoort racing team in the 2015 adac formula 4 series . his debut in single-seater racing gets underway at the motorsport arena oschersleben . the 16-year-old will start 19th in the 38-car grid in saturday 's first race .
sergio aguero and marco reus went head-to-head to launch the new puma boot . the footwear brand are releasing the evospeed 1.3 graphic . the germany international has been heavily linked with a move away from dortmund and could follow jurgen klopp out of the club .
john terry , jose mourinho 's side have proved once again that a solid back four is the bedrock of any title challenge . sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in premier league history . arsenal conceded 33 premier league goals along the way as they pipped manchester united to the title .
rory mcilroy is no match for brad dalke , the teenager who will join oklahoma university in the autumn . the pair agreed to an arm wrestle with the ripped high schooler who made short work of a strength test against the northern irishman . ` look at this ... no chance , ' he said .
chelsea captain john terry is on course to appear in all 38 premier league games for his side this season . the 34-year-old made just 14 appearances for chelsea in 2012-13 campaign . the spanish manager declared that terry could no longer play two games a week .
javier hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as real madrid kept up their pursuit of barcelona at the top of la liga . chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of lionel messi who nets once every 81 minutes .
javier hernandez has six goals in eight starts for real madrid . chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of leo messi who nets once every 81 minutes . the 26-year-old has impressed in the absence of regular striker karim benzema .
kei nishikori was crowned barcelona open champion for the second consecutive year after a hard-fought 6-4 victory over surprise spanish finalist pablo andujar . it was the ninth career title for the top-seeded japanese , who again showed his improved endurance .
the pfa premier league team of the year was unveiled at a glitzy ceremony at the grosvenor house hotel in london . eden hazard , winner of the individual prize , made the side for the third straight season . but did the professionals get it right ? not according to the ea sports performance index anyway .
chelsea may have had six players named in the professional footballers ' association premier league team of the year . the reds top the table with 75 representatives in the best xi since the premier league began in 1992 , while champions-elect chelsea are third with 29 . hazard is currently on 42 .
bafetimbi gomis has been recovering from his hamstring injury . the french striker suffered the injury during swansea 's 1-1 draw with everton earlier this month . the 29-year-old has been using his spell on the sidelines to spend time with his family in lyon .
manchester united manager louis van gaal has been given the green light to make gareth bale his top summer transfer target . the dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses at the biannual manchester foundation dream day held at the aon training complex on monday . and moshin tanveer , who suffers from duchenne muscular dystrophy , used the special occasion to provide the former holland boss with a star-st
thierry henry said arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the premier league title . henry also hit out at olivier giroud by claiming the gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club 's first choice striker .
sales of manny pacquiao boxing gear and effects have soared as much as 10 times ahead of his may 2 megafight . philippine retailers struggling to cope with demand from fans snapping up any paraphernalia they could find . online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of boxing gloves , caps and jackets .
sandra crystal earrings , # 145 , russellandbromley.co.uk . mondrian dress , # 220 , josephribkoff.com . suite courts suede courts , # 195 , lkbennett.com , for # 395 , luluguinness .
the usa women 's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the world cup hosted by canada in june . the strips , produced by sportswear giants nike , have caused a bit of stir across the pond . but striker alex morgan hailed nike 's design as innovative .
ivan rakitic shared a picture with his wife and daughter with the caption ` happy st george 's day , i will enjoy with my princesses ' . barcelona have a two-point lead over real madrid in the spanish league . they also await friday 's champions league semi-final draw .
jose mourinho went into the game against arsenal without a striker . eden hazard , willian and oscar were part of a front three who interchanged roles during the first half to great effect for their boss . chelsea 's manager is staying true to the game because the end result will be a fourth barclays premier league title for this football club .
amid renewed calls for fifa to overturn the controversial decision to hand the 2022 world cup to qatar . new research by the mail on sunday has shown just how much the oil-rich middle east state spent on deals -- including legitimate trade deals -- in the course of lobbying in the run-up to the 2010 vote . qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the usa in the executive committee ballot .
adam federici is due to marry girlfriend micaela gardner on the same weekend as the fa cup final . the goalkeeper failed to stop alexis sanchez 's shot from crossing the line at wembley on saturday evening . the 30-year-old apologised to fans for his error after the game .
edinson cavani 's slumbering champions league performance against barcelona may well have put to bed any chance of him making a switch to manchester united . the 28-year-old would appear to be too old for louis van gaal who prefers to work with young talent he can mould into his type of player .
manny pacquiao appears in an advert for foot locker ahead of his showdown with floyd mayweather . the filipino stole the show in november by joking about the possibility of finally being able to go toe-to-toe with mayweather when they said : ` the people wanted it and foot locker made it happen ' .
philippe coutinho fired liverpool ahead with a smart chip before a long range chrisitan benteke strike equalised for aston villa . tim sherwood 's side moved into the lead thanks to a solo effort from fabian delph and held on for the famous victory . sportsmail 's laurie whitwell rates the players ' performances at wembley stadium .
apple watch sport edition is shown to shatter easily after being dropped from a height of just under four feet -lrb- 1.2 metres -rrb- . the model has an ion-x glass display which is supposed to be ` resistant to scratches and impact ' . when techrex dropped the watch ` not aiming at the display , ' it survived unscathed despite a nasty ` crack ' noise when the timepiece hit the pavement .
new england patriots beat seattle seahawks 28-24 to win super bowl xlix . quarterback tom brady was n't able to visit the white house with his team-mates . however , a spokesman for the patriots said ` prior family commitments ' were the reason why brady did n't attend the visit .
jose mourinho says injuries to his strikers have made him take cautious approach to the last few games wrapping up the title . the italian produced only one off-target shot at goal before getting hooked after 75 minutes . mario balotelli failed to impress during liverpool 's 0-0 draw with west brom .
watford beat brighton 2-0 at the amex stadium in the early kick-off . slavisa jokanovic 's men were hoping middlesbrough lost plus norwich failed to win . fulham beat aitor karanka 's boro 4-3 in stoppage time .
xavi made 148th champions league appearance against psg on tuesday . former spain international played for 148th time in the competition . xavi also set the record for most appearances in the knockout phase . real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas is in line to equal xavi 's total .
ea sports have revealed the first gameplay details for their latest golf game ea sports rory mcilroy pga tour . the latest version of the long-running game series , due out on july 16 , features a number of new features . courses , such as tpc sawgrass , also affect how your shots are played .
the f1 world champion was spotted on the rome set for the comedy sequel . he was taking part in a catwalk show with owen wilson 's hansel . hamilton was sat front row with olivia munn and busily chatting in between takes on friday .
the fir park side are set to win powerful backing for their revolt from championship promotion challengers rangers and hibernian . under existing rules , the spfl are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs . motherwell general manager alan burrows said his club will make a stand if they finish in the premiership play-offs altogether .
manchester city have told jason denayer they want him to spend next season in the english championship . the 19-year-old defender has been in impressive form for celtic since joining the club . denayer is set to return to england to spend a season on loan in the championship .
the steel gate at border field state park in california was temporarily opened on sunday . it was unlocked by officials in honor of children 's day , a mexican holiday . two young boys fell to their knees as they crossed into mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years .
just a quarter of voters think david cameron is hungriest to win the election . 43 per cent of voters say ed miliband ` comes across as wanting to win most ' . polls continue to suggest the result is too close to call . but two surveys yesterday put the tories ahead , including one which gave them a six-point lead .
karen danczuk said parliament needed people like her ` to bring it back down to reality ' . she said she used provocative selfie pictures on twitter as a way of saying to others : ` i will not be ashamed about who i am ' . the 31-year-old said she had rebuilt her life after being ` shattered ' as a child .
london borough of barking and dagenham wants dog owners to submit a dna sample from the inside of the animal 's cheek so it is registered on a database . the laboratory testing is believed to be 99.9 per cent accurate . it will mean an expense for the council , they believe it will represent value for money for residents as similar schemes in the us have reduced dog fouling by up to 90 per cent .
philip dunning , 44 , from bo ` ness , west lothian , made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours . after hitting the jackpot in saturday night 's lotto , he went in for his 4am shift at caledonia produce the next day and told his boss he was quitting .
the incident occurred a day after chris o'dowd and his wife , dawn o'porter , attended an event in london . the 35-year-old actor mocked the airport , in crawley , west sussex , even further by ending the tweet with the hashtag ` #scarybaby ' .
saskia 's football fan boyfriend made her take an arsenal test . the test took the form of a school exam , with multiple choice questions , tables to complete , and ` in your own words ... ' section . there were even ` helpful ' instructions including ` read every question at least twice ' and ` check your answers if you have time at the end ' .
 goncalo amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter madeleine 's disappearance . in a written verdict , a lisbon court agreed that he should pay mr and mrs mccann $ 250,000 each in damages and banned further sales of his book the truth of the lie .
ronald butcher , a ` private and quiet man ' , left his # 500,000 fortune to daniel sharp after he died in march 2013 . but his relatives insist that the will , made just two months before his death , is invalid and say that the builder is lying about his friendship with mr butcher .
oscar jatta , 45 , married wife beryl , 88 , in gambia 13 years ago . she became ill with dementia in 2006 and moved back to the uk with her . when he went to pick her up he was told social services had intervened . mr jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless bristol city council hand over his wife .
real madrid have n't got going tonight after 5-0 up at this point . but james rodriguez produces a bit of individual magic to opening the scoring . nice play from almeria ! thomas , on loan from atletico , shows his skills down the right before cutting the ball back for corona .
indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for their work . ` these executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in january , ' he said . indonesian president joko widodo failed to return australian pm tony abbott 's phone calls about the bali nine .
rodrigo gularte , 42 , asked ` am i being executed ? ' as he was chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on nusakambangan island where he and seven other death row inmates were killed by firing squad . the irish priest appointed to be gularte 's spiritual advisor in his final hours said he talked to gularte for an hour and a half late on tuesday night to prepare him for the executions . the convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate
arshdeep kaur and her mother shinder were travelling from their home in punjab , northern india , to visit relatives when a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them . the men grabbed arshdeep and made several attempts to ` molest ' her and her mum , but instead of defending them , the bus staff joined in the sexual assault .
jeffrey okafor , 24 , of east dulwich , south east london , is accused of stabbing carl beatson-asiedu to death outside a nightclub in the summer of 2009 . the 19-year-old victim , known as dj charmz , had been leaving the club life nightclub in vauxhall 's goding street , in london . a group of men approached them , the court heard . three people had been specifically targeted in the attack including m
lib dem minister danny alexander released details of what he claimed are secret plans drawn up in the last government to cut child benefit and child tax credits . tories angrily denied the specific proposals set out in the document revealed by the lib dems but they remain under pressure to spell out how they will making savings from the benefits bill .
oldham athletic have signed ronaldo brown from the mighty real madrid . the 16-year-old is named after brazil 's former striker cristiano . his namesake , the teenager has explosive pace and plays on the wing . brown also has a brother called rivaldo , after the former barcelona and ac milan player .
ba van nguyen piloted a ch-47 chinook , the largest helicopter in the south vietnamese army , with his three young children and wife out of the city and into the south china sea . this after nguyen somehow managed to pilot the helicopter while getting out of his flight suit and jumping into the ocean just seconds before it crashed .
francois hollande has vowed to ` show no mercy ' if peacekeepers are found guilty . 14 soldiers dispatched to restore order after a 2013 coup have been accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat . investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday .
pema lama , 15 , was pulled , dazed and dusty , from the rubble of a guesthouse in kathmandu after he became ` pancaked ' between two floors . he was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an iv drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck . astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother .
five-month-old sonit awal was asleep in his cot upstairs when the walls of his four-storey home came crashing down around him . his parents and older sister , aged 10 , were outside when the tremor struck and desperately tried to free the little boy from the wreckage . but today mother rasmila awal told mailonline of her ` overwhelming joy ' when rescuers finally arrived and pulled sonit from the devastation .
scottish first minister talked up chances of being westminster 's king-maker . but a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table . snp wants to end tory-lib dem austerity programme and delay plans to balance britain 's books by spending an extra # 140billion over the lifetime of the next parliament .
darren stanton has become the uk 's top human lie detector and body expert . appeared on this morning , the former police officer who has a background in psychology , micro expression training , and neuro linguistic programming . he managed to suss out when both philip schofield and amanda holden were fibbing and also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband for lying about an affair .
ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become ` redundant ' as a result . said party could enjoy snp surge in support in the wake of a vote to remain in the eu . comments come after david cameron , ed miliband and nick clegg faced a live-tv grilling over their plans for the next five years in power .
real madrid failed to activate their first option on javier hernandez as the deadline passed on thursday night . the midnight deadline went by without madrid making a formal offer to buy the manchester united striker outright . the mexico international has interest from west ham , southampton , newcastle and lazio among others .
carl thompson , 32 , ballooned to 65 stone to become fattest man . consumed 10,000 calories-a-day by gorging on takeaways and whole loaves of bread . is confined to ground floor flat where he lives alone in dover , kent . kept company by nhs carers who come to bathe him and cook for him every day .
ukip leader will say boatloads of people trying to get to the continent could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm . mr farage will make his comments in a debate at the european parliament in strasbourg in the wake of more than 1,000 migrants drowning in the mediterranean .
home secretary said new legislation needed to update powers of mi5 and gchq . but parliament would be left deadlocked with balance of power held by scottish nationalists opposed to updating the law . situation made especially acute by a ` poison pill ' inserted into emergency anti-terror laws passed last year .
ukip leader said anti-english sentiment in scotland was now the ` biggest ' form of racism in the uk . h e said mr salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong that ukip is called racist . said snp was ` openly racist ' , accusing salmond of fuelling resentment .
stuart mccall has learned to tolerate supporters booing their own players . growing up watching leeds united , he was less forgiving . rangers captain lee mcculloch was booed for an error that led to a goal against raith rovers . the veteran defender suffered the embarrassment of being booed by his own supporters .
the commons expenses watchdog launched a bid to keep mps ' receipts private . but the court of appeal ruled it must release all copies of receipts and invoices . case stems from a freedom of information request to ipsa in 2010 . but instead of providing receipts submitted by politicians in support of their claims .
ten years ago , bartender liz clark did just that when she swapped cleaning glasses for sailing around the world . the 34-year-old left her home in san diego , california , when she was given a cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels .
nearly 70 years after the end of the conflict , attitudes are reportedly changing among the younger generation . instead , they now exploring the impact of hitler and the nazi regime on everyday germans , the times reported . author florian huber has sold tens of thousand copies of his book , child promise me you will shoot yourself .
kevin morgan , 55 , of weybridge in surrey , was injured when a land rover discovery reversed into his stationary rover 75 while he was working in dorset in september 2005 . the married engineer suffered whiplash , which together have ended his working life , his lawyers claim . but as his # 600,000 damages claim began at the central london county court , he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers , direct line group .
 anonymous scientist bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her youtube channel for her visits into the chernobyl exclusion zone . the site of a devastating nuclear explosion 29 years ago on april 26 , 1986 , as she measures the high levels of radiation still lingering in the air . since the disaster the site has been closed off to the world , with ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area is n't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years . despite this , the daredevil researcher
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao are on sale at 8pm on thursday . tickets for the fight between mayweather promotions and promoter bob arum will be on sale . the issue over the number of tickets , credentials and hotel rooms to be made available to each camp were all resolved .
emma giffard , 36 , and ollie halls , 37 , bought the cinema for # 1,200 in 2005 . they spent # 35,000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in devon . they toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity . but now the pair have decided the time has come to sell the bus .
jack wilshere was spotted early by luton 's scouts before arsenal took him to their hale end academy at nine . at 16 , he made his first-team debut for arsene wenger 's side . charlie patino and his parents weigh up offers from arsenal , chelsea and tottenham .
ross barkley and romelu lukaku were all present to pass on advice to the next generation of talent . players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the blues ' senior stars for a training session at the halewood complex . james mccarthy was also in attendance at the academy day .
ivan rakitic is pictured relaxing at the beach with his wife raquel mauri . the croatia international married in 2013 . the former hair stylist accompanied the instagram picture with the caption : ` relaxing day with the family , ' alongside a series of beach-themed emoticons . lionel messi has also taken to instagram to confirm that he will soon be a father for the second time .
floyd mayweather will go head-to-head with manny pacquiao in the fight of the century at the mgm grand on may 2 . the 38-year-old tweeted : ` thank you @msgladysknight for coming to support me at the gym today ' .
jack wilshere is reportedly on the shopping list of manchester city . the arsenal midfielder showed off his own trolley dash during his day off . the 23-year-old was keen to share his staple food requirements with his 891,000 instagram followers . a # 2.15 box of seriously fruity mixed berry crisp can be seen spilling out of one bag close to his trolley handlebar next to what appears to be an oats and honey 500g version of special k .
alex oxlade-chamberlain and kieran gibbs posed for a selfie with tyga . the pair were taking the rack city artist for a tour of the emirates stadium . tyga has been in the headlines for dating the youngest kardashian sister - 17-year-old kylie jenner .
lionel messi posted a picture of his pregnant wife having her stomach kissed by their son . the couple already know they are due to have a baby boy . messi carries his son next to his wife antonella at the end of last season . the barcelona superstar has his handprints tattooed on his calf .
andy murray 's coaching arrangement with amelie mauresmo looks shrouded in doubt after he confirmed they will take a prolonged break from each other . the scot , who is in munich for this week 's bmw open , joined in the 100-year celebrations at the iphitos tennis club on monday night .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town . only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters . one fan , ade adebayo , 34 , from brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week .
adnan januzaj turned up at the snooker world championships on wednesday . the 20-year-old belgium international was at the crucible to cheer on shaun murphy . the 2005 winner moved a step closer to an elusive second title in sheffield with a 13-8 victory .
theo walcott has been pictured on a different kind of bench with his team-mates as he was pictured for a photoshoot with calum chambers , jack wilshere , mikel arteta , david ospina , mathieu flamini and mesut ozil . the 26-year-old will be hoping to make his first arsenal start since his side 's 3-0 win over west ham on march 14 .
marouane fellaini did not have the best of days at goodison park on sunday . the manchester united midfielder shared a glass of bubbly with his twin brother mansour . the brothers were recently subject of a mix-up involving chelsea boss jose mourinho prior to the blues ' crunch clash with united at stamford bridge on april 18 .
barcelona beat getafe 6-0 at the nou camp on tuesday night . lionel messi , neymar and luis suarez have scored 102 goals this season . the three stars now have a century of goals between them for the season . messi scored twice , including one from the penalty spot .
sir alex ferguson spoke to john parrott over a frame of snooker . the former manchester united boss believes cristiano ronaldo is better than lionel messi as he could score for any team . ferguson admits he is always asked ` who is the greatest player in the world ? ' .
jenson button completed the london marathon with an impressive time of two hours , 52 minutes and 30 seconds . the 35-year-old mclaren driver joked he was disappointed to finish behind former olympic rower james cracknell . button praised the ` amazing atmosphere ' and collective spirit of the runners .
roger federer says rafael nadal is still the favourite for the french open . the spaniard suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the barcelona open . world no 1 djokovic is 30-2 so far this season and became the first man to win the first three masters titles of the year .
neymar captioned the photo of himself with luis suarez and lionel messi . brazilian had used the typically argentine/uruguayan expression ` dale ' in reference to his two team-mates . messi opened the scoring and setting barca on their way to a demolition .
 addison russell , a rookie , swung at a first-pitch fastball and accidentally let the bat slip out of his fingers . the bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the cubs ' on-deck circle in the face . the fan suffered ` wounds ' but was conscious and communicative after being hit .
martin odegaard will become real madrid 's youngest player in the club 's history if he comes on . the 16-year-old was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game if carlo ancelotti 's side were in a commanding lead against the relegation-threatened club at the bernabeu .
lewis hamilton took a well-earned break from his blistering start to the formula one season . the pair can be seen posing in caps and shades as the mercedes driver rolled down to the beach and along one of la 's busiest freeways . nicolas will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the british touring championship when he competes in the first of five rounds at croft circuit in june .
didier drogba hit back at claims chelsea were boring with a video of them completing a ` bin challenge ' after the ball is headed by loic remy and eden hazard . the blues are preparing for wednesday night 's trip to leicester city at st george 's park .
robin van persie scored twice as manchester united beat fulham 4-1 . the holland striker 's sharp performance suggests he will be in contention to start in louis van gaal 's side for the visit of west bromwich albion on saturday . robin van persies missed seven matches after injuring his ankle in mid-february .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will wage violent combat on saturday night . the fight is expected to earn at least $ 300million -lrb- # 117 -rrb- and pacquarez $ 120m . the five title sponsors for the event will chip in a total of $ 13.2 m .
the bt sport industry awards take place in battersea on thursday . ap mccoy , england midfielder jack wilshere and southampton duo nathaniel clyne and ryan bertrand a few of the sporting stars to walk the red carpet . the awards are held to celebrate and recognise the innovation , talent management and community investment brought through sport .
didier drogba scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday . the 37-year-old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game . the ivorian has been inspired by his heroics growing up in the ivory coast .
daniel sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by kop kids presenter paisley . the 25-year-old then posted a picture of himself with band member louis tomlinson in march . he tried his best but looked slightly less confident away from the anfield pitch .
floyd mayweather posted a picture of a signed contract for his $ 300 million mega-fight against manny pacquiao two months ago . but with 11 days to go until the two protagonists are due to touch gloves , not a single person has a ticket in their hands . seatgeek , which claims to be the world 's largest event ticket search engine , is selling briefs for up to $ 30,000 -lrb- # 20k -rrb- .
floyd mayweather is preparing to face manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on may 2 in las vegas . mayweather built a reputation on being brash and flash but was soft-spoken during his conference call . there was sympathy for freddie roach in his battle with parkinson 's disease .
manny pacquiao 's promoter bob arum has revealed the contracts for his fight against floyd mayweather in las vegas in just 10 days have yet to be signed . the pair finalised their preparations for the fight at the mgm grand on may 2 . tickets for the bout have also yet to go on sale and arum claimed that the draft contract he received on april 15 was not what he agreed with mayweather promotions and mgm when the term sheet was signed a few
scientists at the new jersey institute of technology revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux ` rope ' taking shape on the sun . in the video , twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis . they are essentially twisted bundles of magnetic field that extend out of and back into the surface across hundreds of kilometres . as common structures in the solar corona , they are thought to be the main cause of several types of solar weather - including solar flares and coronal mass ejections
the fireball was captured on camera by the united kingdom meteor observing network in portadown , county armagh . footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea . experts believe the bright light in the sky blinded him for three days match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above chelyabinsk in early christianity .
experts used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as ` blue crude ' , which was then refined into diesel . tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels , or used as a fuel in its own right . audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of german minister of education and research dr johanna wanka .
goggles that could help the blind see have come a step closer to reality . the revolutionary system is being commercialised by french company pixium vision , with clinical trials scheduled for 2016 . the technology is based on a technique known as ` neuromodulation ' in which electricity stimulates the nervous system to restore sight .
denim designer bettina liano has revealed that she can not afford to pay the australian taxation office the almost $ 130,000 she owes in taxes . the embattled jeans queen told daily mail australia : ' i wish there was something i could do , ' she added , ` i 'm really embarrassed ' .
patrick priebe built a working iron man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer 's palm . in a video , the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away . the gadget was created by wuppertal-based , who designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online .
the dancers , which cost around # 2,500 to hire , were made out of old car parts and were designed by british artist giles walker . the robots will be pole dancing for the remaining four days of the event . the free event hosted by dutch hosting company transip .
spring is in the air which means the football season has reached the business end of the campaign across the country . if your side is competing to win the barclays premier league or scrapping to stay in the vanarama conference , sportsmail has produced a guide to let you know all the key positions in the top five leagues as they are confirmed .
australian skateboarder oliver percovich created skateistan , a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth with education through skateboarding . in 2012 , photographer jessica fulford-dobson decided to take pictures of these middle eastern skater girls , and her work was recently on display at a gallery in london .
researchers subjected lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging to observe changes in their internal structure . copper inside melted , indicating temperatures of at least 1,085 c -lrb- 1,985 f -rrb- , and it caused molten material to stream from the vent . it was filmed by paul shearing from university college london and the findings are published in the journal nature communications .
the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees . it means regular flaps are n't needed and it is much lighter . in this image , the technology is visible at the flat ` flap at the base of the wing . the latest test of the technology took place above nasa 's armstrong flight research center in edwards , california . over the past six months , 22 research flights of the adaptive compliant trailing edge -lrb- acte -rrb- flight
pakistan treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal . the development has potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the south asian association for regional cooperation -lrb- saarc -rrb- member countries . indian doctors at kathmandu 's bir hospital told mail today that packets of ` beef masala ' were sent by pakistan on tuesday .
gchq , the government 's listening post , unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from sami al-saadi , it has been ruled . the investigatory powers tribunal -lrb- ipt -rrb- the only judicial body with the power to investigate the security services , ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications .
the eshima ohashi bridge in japan is the third largest of its kind in the world . it spans a mile across lake nakaumi , linking the cities of matsue and sakaiminato . the two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7 km or just over 1 mile long .
ian merrett , 28 , is astonished that poppy smart , 23 , did not take it as a compliment . the builder and his colleagues whistled at her every day for a month . miss smart compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination . she then filmed them and asked west mercia police to investigate alleged sexual harassment .
kellie maloney , formerly known as frank , is one of the party 's most famous former candidates . but she warned ukip supporters should vote tory to keep ed miliband and nicola sturgeon out of power . she praised nigel farage , adding : ` you ca n't knock him ' .
scientists at stanford university school of medicine believe the laboratory-engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours , but also distant metastases that have spread through the body . their findings have been hailed a ` tour de force ' , raising hopes the body 's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma , pancreatic , breast and lung cancer .
the incident occurred at the 91st floor of the 101-storey shanghai world financial centre . the platform swing violently in wind with the lujiazui financial district hundreds of metres below . two window cleaners had a ride of their life after their platform was blown around by high winds . authorities said they were investigating the incident .
amanda oleander , 25 , is one of the stars of periscope , twitter 's new live broadcasting platform . she has been ` loved ' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched . branded the kim kardashian of the social platform when the brunette starts a live stream , thousands of users around the globe stop what they 're doing to watch .
tammy abraham scored chelsea 's third goal at the academy stadium on monday . the two 17-year-olds are in the form of their young lives . the portuguese manager said his first-team squad had space for ` three or four kids ' next season , there is every incentive to keep scoring .
celtic are considering a second double raid on dundee united for teenager john souttar and striker nadir ciftci . the tannadice club sparked a row with supporters when they sold star duo stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven to the parkhead club on deadline day in january . jackie mcnamara 's side have won just three of their 14 games since , and lost 3-0 at home to ronny de
jimmy white 's bid to play in the world snooker championship ended on monday . matthew selt defeated james wattana in his qualifying opener . white needed two more wins to reach the main event at the crucible . the 52-year-old lost all six world championship finals he played .
more than 70 years ago these five men each played their own vital role in the normandy campaign that began with the d-day landings . two were just teenagers , another was a rookie tank driver and the last was a veteran of jungle warfare . until now their exploits have escaped the attention of historians , but yesterday these veterans of world war two stood proudly side by side .
in 2007 , a 29-year-old karaoke performer was shot dead at a bar in san mateo for delivering an off-key rendition of my way . there followed a spate of copycat killings provoked by inadequate attempts at the song . manny pacquiao already has two platinum albums to his name back home .
celtic beat inverness 2-1 in the scottish cup final on may 30 . the win means they will be back here in greater number for the club 's first ever final against falkirk . the result leaves scotland 's champions at the top of the table .
british artist johanna basford created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013 . the 32-year-old 's second book enchanted forest has sold out within weeks of its release . some 226,000 copies were scooped up last month and the publishers have now printed another 250,000 .
at least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a zara clothing store on friday afternoon . the fight broke out at a store location in the city 's rittenhouse square neighborhood . three of the fighters were grappling , while a fourth came in and slapped them .
the reddit thread asked users to spill the beans on what ` surprised ' them the most when they started living with their spouses . one user described the process of ` ordering ' a bride from russia or the philippines , where thousands of women are desperate to start a new life for themselves in europe and the us .
manchester city play chelsea in the fa youth cup final on monday . the match kicks off at 7.45 pm and will be shown live on itv4 . city started their campaign with a 2-0 win over oxford united . marcus wood and bersant celina sealed a comfortable win .
dominic solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline after a tammy abraham double had seen chelsea take a first half lead . sportsmail was at the academy stadium to see how the youngsters got on . manchester city have been on the bench for long periods but got the nod and looked shaky under the high ball .
chelsea have already been crowned kings of europe in the uefa youth league . they put chelsea within touching distance of retaining the fa youth cup . tammy abraham opened the scoring with an impressive right-footed shot into the far corner . isaac buckley-ricketts is mobbed by his team-mates following his equaliser against manchester city .
didier drogba was the star of the show for chelsea . he was leading his team-mates in celebrations at full time . the centre-forward is a demanding role in any team , let alone one of jose mourinho 's . ramires struck his effort with such power that he had both feet off the ground at one point .
zachariah fike head of vermont-based purple hearts reunited says the military id belonged to world war ii veteran cpl. william benn . metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found the missing dog tags after a storm last year . he was awarded the silver star for shooting down several japanese aircraft the next year as a tail gunner on a b-17 bomber at the battle of midway .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao billed as the $ 300million fight of the century . viewers are being charged between $ 89.99 and $ 99.99 to watch the fight . sky box office is offering the bout for # 19.99 , but those figures will equate to a small fraction of the earnings for mayweather .
the gigantic terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres , and is set to handle 45million passengers a year . renown british-iraqi architect , zaha hadid , has collaborated with airport developers adpi to create a six-tier concept which aims to decrease customer walking distances , and increase connectivity .
bayern munich beat borussia moenchengladbach 1-0 in the bundesliga . the result means bayern have taken the title for a record 25th time . but the champions league semi-finalists will have to wait to celebrate it with their fans as they travel to bayer leverkusen next week .
heather mack , 19 , brutally murdered sheila von wiese-mack with the help of her boyfriend in august and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale st. regis bali resort . mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years , a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn . in contrast , australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran have spent the past
quiana jeffries was brought into mayweather 's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast . a regimented diet is crucial to the champion 's training regime and mayweather demands organic produce . chef q has been cooking for mayweather since his fight for manny pacquaio was announced .
brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , found herself locked out of her facebook account last week . for five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in . with no access to her contacts , photos and messages , happy cloud admits it was a difficult time as she typically posts five or six times a day .
celtic beat rangers 2-0 to win the glasgow cup at hampden park . josh kerr missed it to put hoops in front before mccrorie dropped a mark hill free kick over the line . both teams line up ahead of the match which was played behind closed doors .
kingsholm beat exeter to set up a challenge cup final against edinburgh . cherry and whites will compete for their first european title since 2006 . victory in the capital would also earn the west country side a home play-off spot for next season 's champions cup . but they would be forced to find an alternative venue for the fixture because of a pre-arranged madness concert in front of the shed .
world snooker chairman barry hearn has ruled out giving a season-long wildcard to reanne evans . the 10-time winner of the ladies ' world championship saw her crucible dream ended by ken doherty . she failed in a bid to reach the betfred world championship when doherty edged over the winning line 10-8 in the first round of qualifying .
chelsea beat leicester 2-1 at home to crystal palace on sunday . john terry 's scrappy goal put chelsea on the brink of the premier league title . jose mourinho was forced to give his players a half-time rollicking after falling behind to relegation-threatened leicester .
reanne evans has won 10 women 's world titles and plays irishman doherty at pond 's forge in sheffield on thursday . the 29-year-old is aiming to become the first woman to qualify for the snooker world championships . she admits she is dreaming of making the main draw .
tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice . each year in the uk around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease . the problem is partly caused by immune system ` b-cells ' that put a brake on the body 's defences in prostate and other cancers .
castello baronale , situated 31 miles from rome , towers 3,280 ft over sea level . includes nine en-suite bedrooms , a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment , a ballroom , library , gym and even a theatre . original wooden drawbridge remains intact between two of the castles rectangular battlement towers .
celtic are eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the scottish premiership with six games remaining and strong favourites to make it four in a row . ronny deila believes treble success will help not only attract players to the club this summer , but also help keep those who are already at parkhead .
dita von teese , real name heather rene sweet , will team up with burlesque teacher catherine d'lish to offer ranch guests a striptease workshop . from june 8 until june 12 , holidaymakers to the ranch - more famous for holistic body treatments than nipple tassels .
john terry scored his side 's second goal in their 3-1 win away at leicester . the 34-year-old 's close-range effort took his tally for the season to seven in all competitions . terry is the club 's joint third-highest goalscorer .
australian artist ben quilty has penned an impassioned message to the indonesian president in the final hours before his treasured friends , myuran sukumaran and andrew chan . the artist has been a staunch advocate for clemency having witnessed their remarkable rehabilitation first-hand . he has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are just days away from stepping into the ring for what promises to be a monumental clash . billed as the fight of the century , the mgm grand bout in las vegas has engaged fans inside and out of the sport of boxing . fans will be able to buy one of the 1,000 18ct gold , diamond & emerald cufflinks to be made .
steve davis will attempt to qualify for this year 's betfred world championship . the king of the baize believes the whirlwind and the doyenne of the women 's tour face tall orders to get through qualifying . evans saw her task made all the more intimidating when she was drawn to face 1997 world champion ken doherty on thursday .
harry davies-carr is seen happily sitting with his baby brother charlie . the pair , from buckinghamshire , have given an interview to children 's tv show newsround to talk about the video that changed their lives . but it quickly went viral , becoming an early online hit when it was uploaded eight years ago .
leigh griffiths scored his third goal of the afternoon against dundee united on sunday . the 24-year-old now plays for hibernian for a start . celtic 's top scorer , tam currie , says his former coach at boys club leith athletic . ` it was the off-field stuff that concerned you . he was quiet , withdrawn at times , and wasn ' t exactly the life and soul of the dressing room .
falkirk beat hibernian 1-0 in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden park . the dominant easter road side hit the post just before the break through fraser fyvie and again in the second half through scott allan . the bairns were stunned in the 74th minute when falkirk midfielder craig sibbald headed in a blair alston cross .
british airways ' chief boeing pilot said : ` we get some spectacular views from the cockpit but many of these can be seen by everyone on board ' . the harbour is the largest natural harbour in the world and flyers will be able to get unbeatable aerial shots of world-famous sydney harbour .
the ` third eye ' is associated with the pituitary gland of the endocrine system . light pressure applied to this pressure point will boost memory and concentration . keep pumpkin seeds in your desk drawer . just a handful a day provides the recommended daily amount of zinc , vital for enhancing memory and thinking skills .
the super-wealthy , money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts . victoria hoffman , founder and ceo of the miami-based concierge & events by victoria , reveals she 's had clients request special access to exclusive events .
manny pacquiao has become one of the most recognisable stars in the world . the filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the past decade or so , facing the likes of oscar de la hoya , ricky hatton , miguel cotto and four fights against mexican warrior juan manuel marquez .
floyd mayweather will fight manny pacquiao in las vegas on saturday . the pop singer has been close friends for years and the 21-year-old performer has accompanied ` money ' into the ring on numerous occasions . mayweather is expected to take on miguel cotto in may , 2012 .
scottish football 's relationship with television has become a form of stockholm syndrome . no one is tied up in a basement . there are no hostages . yet the lengths to which the spfl will go to show love to those broadcasters who hold a gun to their heads has become source of growing , simmering public fury .
sportsmail 's boxing correspondent jeff powell looks ahead to saturday 's mega-fight at the mgm grand after witnessing floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's grand arrivals in las vegas . both boxers made public appearances on tuesday as their $ 300million showdown draws ever closer .
stefan johansen has been in terrific form for celtic this season . the 24-year-old shared the players ' player of the year award with captain scott brown . ronny deila 's side went eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the table .
former world champion ken doherty is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at the crucible . the match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on thursday evening . 128 players are involved in qualifying , including legendary names steve davis and jimmy white .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao arrived in las vegas on monday . the filipino star was seen arriving on the world-famous strip in the nevada desert at the mandalay bay hotel . the 36-year-old was training in los angeles at trainer freddie roach 's wild card gym - an unassuming building that is surrounded by a launderette and a petrol station .
the lombardy side of lake garda , in northern italy , lies a luxury villa with a view . for about 18 million euros -lrb- or # 13 million -rrb- , the modern home , complete with pool , gazebo , and al fresco dining options . inside , all of the bedrooms and common spaces are decorated in a stylish colour scheme of white , ivory and gold .
chelsea set to announce # 4.5 m signing of nathan allan de souza . brazilian attacking midfielder arrived from atletico paranaense last month . the 19-year-old will join compatriots willian , ramires , filipe luis and oscar .
judy , 55 , does n't play tennis to stay in shape , ` because my life is saturated with it ' . instead , she tries anything from dancing , to pilates , to walking in the hills or gardening . keep legs together and lift your feet so your lower legs are parallel to the floor .
the unidentified couple are suing the novella 's author , who released it under the pen name lacey noonan , as well as distributors apple , amazon.com and barnes & noble for allowing readers to buy the work in ibooks , kindle and nook digital formats . the fan fiction , which is $ 2.51 on kindle , is about a housewife 's infatuation with new england patriots tight end rob ` gronk ' gronkowski
floyd mayweather has a pop-up shop where he is selling t-shirts with a philippines flag in the background on sale in las vegas . manny pacquiao salutes the crowd as he makes his official arrival at the mandalay bay hotel . he points at everyone he comes across .
the rust belt straddles the upper northeastern us , the great lakes , and the midwest states , while the coal region is found in northeastern pennsylvania . the map revealed that clusters of racism appeared in areas of the gulf coast , michigan 's upper peninsula , and a large portion of ohio .
georgia davis , 22 , from her specially-adapted flat in aberdare , south wales . at height of operation yesterday , neighbours said there were 12 fire , police and ambulance vehicles at the property . the young woman has previously had to be removed from another property in 2012 .
andrew chan , then aged 21 , and myuran sukumaran , 24 , were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of indonesia , are now dead . the ringleaders of the infamous bali nine were both attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches , after being disillusioned by their jobs . they were first convicted in 2005 following a tip off from australian federal police to indonesian officials . but a glance at their working-class backgrounds
amal clooney held a press conference in washington dc today calling for the release of imprisoned former president of maldives mohamed nasheed . george clooney 's newlywed wife appeared before reporters at the national press club at 10am thursday . mrs clooney wore a navy blue pants suit paired with a plain white blouse beneath her single-button jacket .
eleven football fans have had their death sentences upheld after a retrial . riot erupted in february 2012 when supporters of home team al-masry clashed after an egyptian league match between the two clubs . an appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court 's verdict , which sentenced 21 people to death .
alexander meier has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury . eintracht frankfurt hitman alexandermeier has scored 19 goals this season . meier tops the bundesliga with 19 goals ahead of arjen robben and robert lewandowski .
emir spahic has been released by bayer leverkusen . the bosnia-herzegovina defender was involved in a brawl last wednesday . the 34-year-old was filmed fighting the club 's security personnel . bayern won the quarterfinal match on penalties .
bayern munich beat eintracht frankfurt 3-0 in their bundesliga clash . robert lewandowski scored his second goal of the match after 15 minutes . thomas muller added a third , with few doubts from start to finish that they would pick up all three points once again .
gloriavale , a new zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict new testament creed and wears blue uniforms , has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks . several ex-members have come forward , telling stories of sexual abuse , violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls . ` where it 's been brought out into the open , the leaders have dealt with it , but where i disagree is that the girls in particular are blamed .
the nuclear spectroscopic telescope array , or nustar , has captured a new high-energy x-ray view -lrb- magenta -rrb- of the bustling center of our milky way galaxy . the finding , published in nature , was made by scientists at haverford college in pennsylvania , us using nasa 's telescope .
liris , 32 , is now dubbed the body and the naomi campbell of the plus-size modelling world . she always dreamed of being a model but had a tough time breaking into the industry with many people telling her to lose weight to succeed - but the size 18 model proved them wrong .
sam allardyce says he would have no problem with sneaking through the ` back door ' into european football via the fair play league . the hammers have won once in their last 10 league matches and drew 1-1 against stoke . allardyks ' side are top of the premier league table for their good behaviour .
southampton manager ronald koeman admits morgan schneiderlin may have played his last game for the club . the french midfielder has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury . the 25-year-old has two years left on his # 30,000-a-week contract .
southampton missed the chance to close the gap on fourth-placed manchester city to two points as they went down to a 2-1 defeat at the britannia stadium . morgan schneiderlin says saints are refusing to give up on their champions league aspirations despite saturday 's damaging defeat at stoke .
petr cech is likely to be watching from the bench when arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . jose mourinho 's men are 10 points clear going into the game this weekend but parlour believes signing cech in the summer can help arsenal overcome the blues next year .
rapper 50 cent may have publicly criticised the crude manner adrien broner chose to rejection a contract offer by fledgling boxing promoter jay z . the pair , with broner wearing a bright shirt and giant jewellery bearing his initials and 50 cent in all dark with a new york yankees cap .
andre schurrle and mario gotze were joined by montana yorke and ann-kathrin broemmel . the pair attended a charity ball to raise money for hamburg children 's hospital . gotze helped bayern munich to a 3-0 win against eintracht frankfurt .
zlatan ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour calledzlaaatan.com . the website has an identical style to google with users given the option to ` zlatan search ' or ` i 'm feeling z latan ' in a house style that is identical to google .
officers rushed to the scene of the colorado theater shooting entered a hellish world of bloody victims , noxious smells and blaring sounds . ` it was dim , the movie was still playing , the alarm was going off , ' police officer annette brook told jurors in the trial of gunman james holmes . prosecutors called brook and two other officers as witnesses on wednesday , and their descriptions of the chaos of inside the suburban denver theater intensified the already disturbing scene described a day
west spruill has been charged with murdering ann charle , 36 , on monday evening in the bronx . the mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. when she allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her honda . charle lived in queens with her two young daughters .
torin lakeman , 19 , and brother jacques , 20 , died in a pub in manchester . they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the ` dark web ' . the brothers were found dead in a room above the grapes pub in bolton . torin 's housemate ethan bradley said he bought the drugs to ` have a good weekend ' .
scottish fa have failed to punish rangers goalkeeper steve simonsen . the 35-year-old served a one-game ban after admitting breaking sfa 's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year . but sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan challenged that decision .
lucian faggiano bought the building in lecce , puglia in the south of italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria - but renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked . while trying to fix the toilet he dug into a messapian tomb built 2,000 years ago , a roman granary , a franciscan chapel , and even etchings thought to be made by the knights templar
the move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world 's biggest software company , which still dominates the personal computer market but has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones . the company said at its annual build conference on wednesday that it will release new programming tools for software developers to rapidly adapt their apple and android apps .
samsung sold 82.4 million smartphones in the first three months of the year , for a 24.5 percent market share . however , samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iphones , squeezing earnings from its mobile business to less than half what they were a year earlier .
some owners of the apple watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists . dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch 's heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings . the issue first came to light on reddit and twitter where a number of users reported similar issues , such as having to repeatedly enter a password to unlock the phone . this is required every time the device detects it has left a wearer 's wrist . tests suggest tattoos in dark and solid colours interfere with
bruno smartcan uses sensors to detect when you want the lid to open or when dirt has been swept close so it can activate its integrated vacuum . it also has an integrated bag dispenser that sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags . it is the perfect invention for the house proud - a substance that means clothes will never stain , glass will not mist and kitchen surfaces automatically shed their germs .
adidas has partnered with spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit . called adidas go , the songs are additionally selected based on the runner 's musical interests and listening history . the app will continue to track and adjust the playlist accordingly , for example if the runner slows down or speeds up .
the american chemical society in washington explained the science behind the avengers in a video . it looks at the composition of iron man 's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and captain america 's shield . the video also explains the science of marvel 's avengers .
the automated planet finder consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure . the spectrograph takes starlight from the telescope and spreads it into a rainbow of colours , splitting the light into a spectrum of thousands of different wavelengths that can be measured . repeated measurement of a star 's spectrum enables astronomers to detect the tiny wobble induced in a star by the gravitational tug of an orbiting planet .
image shows one of saturn 's outer moons , measuring 255 by 161 miles -lrb- 410 by 260km -rrb- . named hyperion , the moon 's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite .
the world-famous football star is expected to fly out to morocco for a glamorous bash with his celebrity friends and family . it is thought he will be staying at the five-star luxury amanjena resort , just outside marrakech . the star 's big day is on saturday , 2 may and reports state that he is to hold his celebrations .
since 2011 , the number of average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by peru and unesco . last year 1.1 million people reached its dizzying peak . entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre and there will be three routes through the site .
the fight broke out on the oman air flight 102 to muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane was n't full . however , a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out . one passenger screamed that there was a baby nearby , while others were woken from their sleep by the commotion .
the proposed # 30million , three-year contract for an emirates fa cup , revealed by sports agenda , gives the fa resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world 's most famous club knockout tournament . the numbers will not register for premier league clubs awash with tv money but # 18,000 for winning a first-round cup match would make a lot of difference to a non-league club .
whaker 's brief reign will come to an end when the new director of cricket is announced . it is expected the responsibilities of the chosen appointment will include being in overall charge of selection . his position has looked untenable in any case since paul downton was axed as managing director of england cricket .
england 's top three are exceptional players but the issue is that they are very one-paced and when the west indies bowling was so disciplined . it is ok batting the way england did if they had got through to lunch on 60 without loss . ben stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play as england reached 341 for five .
daniel levy reportedly told the tottenham hotspur supporters ' trust that after the problems reinvesting the money received for gareth bale , future transfer policy would entail the purchase of young players . this may be financially sensible , but it is hardly reassuring . elite clubs do not buy with one eye on selling .
the house judiciary committee overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the usa freedom act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2 . the measure seeks to codify president obama 's proposal to end the nsa 's collection of domestic calling records . it would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations . the authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the patriot act will expire june 1 unless congress passes a law
the ` female ' hormone contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen . it 's as a metaphor for masculinity that testosterone is best known . it begins its influence in the womb as it helps to shape distinctive characteristics of the male body . this influence continues immediately after birth and lasting for four to six months , a little boy 's testes are producing testosterone in substantial amounts .
mark vanhoenacker has acquired a morbid flavour since germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately crashed into the french alps by its troubled co-pilot andreas lubitz . the tragedy ignited an ongoing debate about stress and depression among pilots , and airline vetting procedures , in which just about all of us have a vested interest .
angelika graswald , 35 , has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of vincent viafore , 46 , on april 19 . viafore 's boat flipped over near cornwall-on-hudson , new york . she was later picked up by a boater and was unable to turn the capsized boat right-side up .
john barnes and jamie redknapp sang the sugarhill gang classic rapper 's delight for sky 's upcoming series of a league of their own . the pair entertained the audience with their rendition of the rap . the 51-year-old was supported by backing dancers as he dazzled the crowd .
eden hazard and nathan ake take on loic remy and willian in a head-to-head challenge for the car manufacturers . in round one , the chelsea stars aim to fire balls into the boot of a car from close range , with hazard and ake securing the points with a 5-3 win .
robbie keane sings karma chameleon iin a video posted on boy george & the culture club 's facebook page . the video was apparently filmed during la galaxy 's day off on tuesday with keane choosing a song that was released when he was just three years old .
manchester united legend peter schmeichel and bayern munich counterpart oliver kahn have come face-to-face once more . in a move that is akin to former footballers vinnie jones and eric cantona , the pair showcase their performance skills by starring in tipico 's latest advert .
thousands of commuters stranded on trains for up to five hours after power failure at clapham junction station in south-west london . firefighters used ladder to help passengers get to safety after some 1,200 people were stuck on the east grinstead to victoria train a quarter of a mile south of london station .
anderson silva says he will fight for a spot in the brazilian taekwondo team at the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro . the 40-year-old is considered one of the best pound-for-pound fighters in the history of mixed martial arts .
eugenie bouchard was beaten 6-3 , 6-1 by american lauren davis . davis lost her only career meeting with the canadian top seed . the 21-year-old canadian won nine of the final 11 games of the match . the match ended on her forehand into the net .
zac efron 's latest film , bad grandpa , has become a bona-fide buff babe . this got femail thinking about how many child stars have grown into stunning adults . ryan gosling went from a blond ` young hercules ' to appearing on every hot list ever .
nasa has released an image taken by the probe 's visual and infrared spectrometer to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters . to highlight the geological features , the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the mercury dual imaging system -lrb- mdis -rrb- . this is an instrument with wide - and narrow-angle cameras that has been mapping the rugged landforms on mercury 's surface .
scientists from the university of connecticut warned that one in six animals are at risk of extinction , particularly in regions where shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem . antarctica , which is home to many species of penguins , is one of these places . but if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase , that could increase to 16 per cent .
the aubergine , or eggplant , emoji hashtag no posts appear - even though there are posts that have been tagged with it . it is believed to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity . the anomaly was discovered by katie notopoulos from buzzfeed .
 fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales . the remains , which were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution . while many whales , dolphins and porpoises have a long fossil record , enabling scientists to understand their evolution .
the spooky experiment conjured up a ghostly illusion in the laboratory . the invisible , creepy presence reported by so many people over the centuries is just a set of mixed-up signals in the brain . blindfolded and wearing ear-plugs , test subjects performed movements with their hand attached to a robotic device .
jimmy anderson came into the england side ahead of the 2003 world cup . the 32-year-old is playing in his 100th test match for england this week . anderson beat sir ian botham 's record for leading wicket-taker in tests . he is currently playing in a test match in antigua .
jose mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating crystal palace before celebrating . the premier league had agreed to a request from the bbc to film the trophy at stamford bridge to help with their programme preparation in advance of chelsea 's two games this week .
bath beat newcastle 29-19 at kingston park to keep alive aviva premiership title bid . sam burgess made his first premiership start at number six and impressed in his new position . bath are now six points behind premiership leaders northampton in the table and four above third-placed saracens .
sam burgess has been selected in the back row as bath seek to bounce back from the end of their european dream . burgess was called into england 's rbs 6 nations squad to step-up his education in the new code . the 26-year-old 's elevation to the starting xv is one of eight changes made to the team dumped out of the champions cup by an 18-15 quarter-final defeat to leinster in dublin .
bath fly half george ford opened the scoring in the first half . rob kearney equalised for the visitors in the second half . sam burgess and max lahiff were sent off for 10 minutes . anthony watson was sent off in the air for the sin-bin .
sally cox , 39 , stopped her son jed pearce , 10 , from going on the mosque trip . she said she ` does n't want to put her son at risk of being shot ' . nearly 100 primary pupils from lostwithiel school in cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in exeter , devon . but about 10 pupils have now pulled out of next week 's school trip after their parents said they would be exposed to ` violence and guns
nancy perry will no longer teach students at dublin middle school and will retire at the end of the year , city schools superintendent chuck ledbetter announced on tuesday . perry is alleged to have told students that obama is a muslim and that any parent who support him could n't be christian , either .
perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria has issued a fatwa ordering a woman to agree to sex with her husband even if they are on the back of a camel . he denounces the idea of marital rape as ` made up by european people ' . his religious edict has horrified many in his home country of malaysia and beyond .
the app , called how old do i look , allows people to analyse any image found on bing , microsoft 's search engine , or upload their own . it even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what microsoft thinks their real ages are . the site was able to accurately guess kim kardashian 's age as 34 , but thought 37-year-old kanye west was actually 38 .
sarah jewell , 25 , is still living and breathing , a fact she proved when , after the irs told her to contact her local social security office in sparta . staff told her that someone had filed her social security number as deceased in november 2014 . fast-forward three months later and jewell said she has n't received instruction from social security on how to proceed and her number has yet to be reinstated .
laura robson shared a picture on instagram of her soaking up the sun . the 21-year-old had to wear a protective cast last year but tweeted a picture back on the court last month . she has been practising in the united states , in tampa , as she aims to build up form and fitness .
film 50 first dates starring adam sandler and drew barrymore has inspired a new dementia experiment taking place in riverdale , new york . the project is designed to help those who are in the early to moderate stages of dementia . people suffering alzheimer 's disease and other forms of dementia often fell confused and anxious in the morning .
james corden tweeted a picture alongside odell beckham jnr . the pair were pictured in america with the 36-year-old . corden is currently filming late-night talk show late in the states . the former manchester united midfielder watched on from a nearby table in a london restaurant .
manny pacquiao wrote and recorded lalaban ako para sa filipino for his walk-out music when he fights floyd mayweather and us talk show host jimmel . kimmel 's effort sung in the tagalog , a language spoken by about 57 million of the philippines ' more than 98 million people .
frank lampard walked down king 's road with fiancee christine bleakley . the 36-year-old has made 32 appearances for manchester city this season . lampard will join up with parent club new york city in july . the midfielder has scored seven goals in 32 games for city .
quinton ` rampage ' jackson returns to the ufc after two years with bellator when he takes on fabio maldonado in montreal on saturday night . but he had to first endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at ufc 186 . ` everything happens for a reason , ' he said .
the image , together with data collected by nasa , suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away - a relatively short time in cosmic terms . the new observations , taken by the european space agency , reveal many new details -- including a previously unseen jet from a young star .
jeff bezos ' blue origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in west texas . the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles -lrb- 94km -rrb- - four miles short of space - before landing . it was unmanned , but will ultimately take six people into space .
researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers ' faces , before and after drinking four glasses of wine . they then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober - and drunken images - to a single pixel is shown above the left eyebrow . when alcohol is absorbed into the blood stream it increases heart rate and blood pressure and blood vessels open wide to allow for more rapid flow .
broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece which is pretty good considering he 's been carrying niggles and injuries . the 28-year-old was dismissed for a duck in england 's first innings against west indies in antigua . broad will always give you something different even though he can overdo it at times .
italian quartet mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri , frenchman souleymane doukara and albanian edgar cani all told beleaguered head coach neil redfearn they were injured and could not travel to london .
leeds united striker steve morison admits he has never experienced anything like the current circus surrounding the skybet championship side . six players - mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro , marco silvestri , souleymane doukara and edgar cani - withdrew from the squad on the eve of saturday 's trip to charlton citing injuries .
ervyn o'gorman was 42 when he took the images of his daughter , who languidly sits , in an array of vibrant red outfits , including a swimsuit , a cloak and a shirt . the strawberry-blonde teenager wore red , probably at the request of her father as the vibrant colour captured particularly well via autochrome process .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , believes she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling cocaine . she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine . ambulances with the bodies of the eight men executed by indonesia overnight , including australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran .
italian quartet mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri , frenchman souleymane doukara and albanian edgar cani all told beleaguered head coach neil redfearn they were injured . five of the sextet were signed by banned president massimo cellino .
alex mowatt has impressed this season scoring nine goals . the 20-year-old has drawn admiring glances from several premier league clubs . hull manager steve bruce is keen to snap up any promising british talent . the england u20 international has attracted several top-flight suitors .
author martin fletcher points the finger at the late stafford heginbotham , bradford city 's chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes . ` could any man really be as unlucky as hegin botham ? ' writes fletcher after 15 years spent researching the fire in which four members of his family died .
nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain . the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee . the 23-year-old slotted home a penalty after greg stewart gave the hosts the lead .
chad hurst of salt lake city , utah , says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from denver , colorado had landed on sunday . that is when the man , who was carrying a skateboard , sucker punched hurst in the stomach , put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived on the scene .
the revelation comes as one of the few australians known to be facing death row in china - sydney man peter gardner - had his case pushed forward by six months . the department of foreign affairs and trade document , which was dated december 2 , 2014 , is reportedly facing drugs charges in guangzhou . the exact number facing possible death sentences was redacted in the briefing , obtained under freedom of information laws .
saudi arabian citizen captured intense footage of a sandstorm sweeping its way across a street . sandstorms caused havoc in saudi arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close . car crashes were also reported in other areas as parts of the region were plunged into darkness . strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption , which resulted in nearby dubai 's skyline almost disappearing and people suffering from respiratory problems .
jennifer saunders and joanna lumley are set to reunite for a film . the film will be based in london , with some scenes in the south of france . saunders , 56 , said she had been ` nervous ' about writing the script . she said : ` there is a plot and that 's the miracle ! ' .
just 32 per cent of uk consumers have heard of campylobacter germs . many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves . most know it should be cooked until all pink bits are done . but lucia juliano , of harris interactive , polled 2,000 people for the magazine .
aliesha peterson , 22 , began exercising in august 2013 , leaving her feeling depressed and refusing to go back on anti-depressants . after three months of sticking with it , she admitted that she started to ` somewhat enjoy it ' . her workouts include several sets of exercises that focus on a different part of her body for each day of the week .
campaigners against the new protein world ` are you beach body ready ? ' adverts are celebrating today after learning that they are being taken down . transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has revealed that the posters are being removed . the sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners .
emirates fa cup set to be rebranded as the emirates cup in a new # 30million sponsorship deal . deal is due to be rubber-stamped by the fa board on thursday . arsenal won last season 's fa cup competition . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
the emirates airline logo will be a familiar sight for sports fans across the world . on tuesday , sportsmail revealed that the dubai-based brand are set to seal an historic deal with the fa cup which would see football 's oldest knockout competition rebranded . the # 30million three-year deal would add to emirate 's ever-increasing portfolio of sporting sponsorship .
michael bisping takes on dollaway in montreal on saturday night bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career . the manchester middleweight is open to fighting again in glasgow this july , five years since he last fought in the uk . after this fight , if the ufc wants me to fight on the glaswegian card i 'll do it .
andrei arshavin set to leave russian side zenit st petersburg at the end of the season . the former chelsea and tottenham manager said the situation is developing so that their contracts run out . the 33-year-old spent four years at arsenal between 2009 and 2013 .
chelsea have made an offer for yoshinori muto according to fc tokyo president naoki ogane . the 22-year-old is keen to join a club where he will play regularly . muto has a shot against shonan bellmare during a j-league clash .
carl frampton has been offered a huge # 1.5 million payday to face scott quigg in one of the biggest all-british fights in recent memory . talks between the two super-bantamweight world champions have reached a standstill , but quigg 's promoter , eddie hearn , attempted to jolt frampton 's camp into a july 18 fight in manchester .
jonathan trott and alastair cook head out to open england 's second innings against west indies . trott will have played all sorts of mind games with himself ahead of this game , telling himself to enjoy it and trying to forget how people perceive him after leaving australia .
charlie austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 premier league goals for qpr . austin started in england 's recent 1-1 draw with italy on tuesday night . the england manager must ride this accusation of big-club favouritism .
the 24-year-old pop star died on march 23 in his hometown of lowestoft . he was found hanged at his home in union road , lowestoft , that morning and death was confirmed at 11.48 am . his family said he was ' a huge personality who will be missed by everyone who knew him ' .
amanda holden , 44 , stuns on her cover shoot for the june 2015 issue of good housekeeping . the mother-of-two , who married record producer chris hughes in 2008 , has two daughters , alexa and three-year-old hollie . although the actress now has a beautiful family , her pregnancies have been complicated , with one even ending in tragedy as amanda suffered a devastating miscarriage in 2011 .
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and malicious destruction of property . she was discovered at the court street property in edgartown by owner mark conklin on april 17 . when police arrived , they discovered a large glass window to the left side of the front door had been broken and covered by a blanket .
khloe kardashian posted the photo to instagram on monday night . the reality tv star then deleted the message ` pray for baltimore ' . but over 417,000 followers liked the photo , it did not escape criticism . some critics went after her privileged background and accused her of inscriptions .
the 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down ` without a fight ' as he looks to return to his post on nbc nightly news . an internal inquiry found williams had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times . he was suspended in february with no pay for six months .
angel di maria has a new no 7 tattoo which stands out among others on his left arm . the 27-year-old has endured a mixed start to his united career on-and-off the pitch since joining the club last summer . the midfielder has been linked with a move away from old trafford .
jean-honor fragonard 's 18th-century work young woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica . it has hung in among 270 old master paintings since february 10 after a challenge was laid down to the public to ` spot the fake ' . now , three months on , the gallery has revealed that only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly .
alistair brownlee won on his world triathlon series return in cape town . the 27-year-old sprinted away to beat rival javier gomez in third . brownlee led into transition at the end of the cycling stage but dropped off the leading group after being tripped due to contact with gomez .
tiger woods stormed the course at augusta en route to his first victory at the masters in 1997 . the 21-year-old held a four-shot lead heading into the final day of action and never looked back as he became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the masters .
jimmy anderson and sir ian botham are the leading wicket-takers in england test history . the 32-year-old is congratulated by his england team-mates following the dismissal of denesh ramdin . botham was always larger than life and in your face , had huge self-belief as a player and still has an aura about him now .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on saturday . wayne rooney , ashley young and juan mata celebrate at city . manuel pellegrini is punching above his weight at city ... the club must think big or forever remain small . forget eden hazard and michael carrick ... the best player in the premier league this weekend was leicester 's jamie vardy .
manchester city fans sing a song with the line : ` we 're not really here ' . ricky hatton wants ` the old city back ' , while noel gallagher says there is ` apathy ' towards the champions league . manuel pellegrini is calm but it was the worst kind of short-term thinking .
leicester city striker jamie vardy picked up his first 10-out-of-10 performance . vardy was criticised two years ago but now is a pivotal part of their team . manuel pellegrini is punching above his weight at city ... the club must think big or forever remain small .
mauro vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half as barnet beat gateshead 2-0 in the conference clash . the south west will have to make do with the play-offs . barnet fans invade the pitch after the final whistle as their team win promotion back to the football league .
martin allen and barnet will land in benidorm on wednesday afternoon as conference champions . win , and the title was theirs . lose or draw , and it went to bristol rovers . there was to be no drama in this finale , yet manager allen expected nothing less .
the rapper and producer placed a $ 250,000 bet with hollywood actor and friend mark wahlberg that ` money ' mayweather will come out on top in the bout . in the video posted to instagram , diddy originally suggests a $ 100,000 wager . the pair share a joke as they agree to the wager in front of a swimming pool .
the 28-year-old , who acquired his nickname due to his likeness to the actor lou ferrigno who played the incredible hulk television show in the 1970s . the brazil international was pictured wearing the superhero 's iconic green hands via zenit 's official instagram account .
demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight title with a win over kyoji horiguchi in montreal on saturday night . the american secured a submission victory in the latest ufc pay-per-view event . johnson simply took over in the second round , showing the wide range of skills that have earned him recognition as one of the best pound-for-pound fighters .
dimitar berbatov and co were put through their paces ahead of wednesday 's clash at stade louis ii . the bulgarian striker insists a place in the last four is within their reach . a second-half arturo vidal penalty in turin ensured juventus travel to the principality with a slender advantage .
england have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous world cup appearances . toni duggan is convinced mark sampson 's team can go further this time . the manchester city striker is working hard to rediscover her best form ahead of the finals in canada in june .
tottenham are tracking dynamo kiev forward andriy yarmolenko . the ukrainian forward is emerging as a realistic target for the white hart lane club . tottenham are also watching the 25-year-old extensively in recent weeks ahead of a potential summer swoop .
paris saint-germain have held initial discussions over a possible move for dinamo kiev winger andriy yarmolenko . the ukraine flyer tormented everton in their europa league tie last month and has been watched by liverpool in recent seasons . psg are weighing up options with manchester united refusing to budge on angel di maria .
christian eriksen has warned tottenham they will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on europe . spurs are sixth in the barclays premier league , which would bring european qualification , but there has been talk in the past that europe 's second-tier competition does them more harm than good .
alastair cook has been working on a new , more open stance with former england batting coach graham gooch over the past few months . but in the first test against the west indies , i think he overdid it . the picture below shows cook playing against india at lord 's in 2007 .
woods appeared to march on , obstacles line his path , like tree roots . at the ninth , playing out of the augusta pines , woods found such a root at full pelt on his follow through . he dropped his club like a red-hot poker , face creased with pain .
tottenham have held further talks with marseille over a potential deal for midfielder florian thauvin . the 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend 's game with metz . the winger was the subject of enquiries from spurs earlier in the year .
hugo lloris has established himself as one of the premier league 's top keepers with some fine displays . spurs are determined to keep their no 1 at white hart lane and will demand a sky-high price for the keeper . the current world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper is the # 32.6 million juventus paid parma for gianluigi buffon in 2001 .
uht longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral . because milk is the main source of iodine in the british diet , providing 40 per cent of the average daily intake -- switching to organic may have a significant impact on health . and in response to environmental and animal welfare concerns , the sector is growing .
osman yaya , 12 , from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , moderated a town hall event when the president started getting a little long-winded . obama was at the anacostia library in washington for a ` virtual field trip ' with students to promote white house initiatives to make free e-books available to low-income students .
mazzy , who suffers from spina bifida , was on board a southwest airlines flight over the us when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday . mom brein bjorson marzano was flying with mazzy and her other daughter birkly from tampa to pittsburgh on their way home from vacation .
the 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room . she pulls a cheeky face while her father mimics the mother 's pregnant walk in the background . the clip concludes with olivia briefly interacting with the dog , who jumps out of the way , and walking towards the camera with a beaming smile .
driver channelled his inner pavarotti and produced an emotionally charged opera performance to the surprise of his customers . at first the driver lets the radio play before he begins singing along . he then begins singing alongside himself - loudly so that he is audible above the radio and the sounds of the road .
the incident took place in olani village , in central india , four kilometres from manpur . the brave ward ran towards the leopard brandishing the weapon . he managed to strike the big cat twice before it retaliated , dumping the ward to the ground . despite being injured on the floor and unable to move , the courageous ward continued to fend off the animal with his stick .
german shepherd baron the german shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet after he began learning the impressive skill a few weeks ago . in the footage , the five-month-old pup climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself .
liam sandham , of fleetwood , has gone viral with a work place prank . capturing the video from his camera phone , the plasterer initially films himself and the vehicle 's wing mirror through a magnifying glass . the video concludes with the victim asking what it was that caused him the pain .
bailey murrill , of denton , texas , had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days and was being cared for in hospital . she had regained feeling and movement in her legs and when her favorite nurse came on shift decided to surprise her by getting up out of her chair . the video was filmed by bailey 's mother becky murrill to capture the moment her daughter surprised her nurse by walking again .
the clip , created by the make it fair project , presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like hollywood . more often than not , males hold 70 to 95 per cent of the industry 's most important positions . the women sing in a tongue-in-cheek refrain that repeats throughout the psa .
the sweet youngsters are blindfolded and asked to pick their mother out of the group , while their mothers can be seen waiting anxiously to see whether their child would recognise them . the video was created by pandora to celebrate mother 's day and the special bond between mother and child . each child eventually locates their own , throwing their arms around them in recognition .
the clip was uploaded to youtube last week by raymond yeung . it claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay . it was reportedly fished out of the water by workers from the department of drainage . some users claim it depicts a ` water monster ' from chinese folklore .
harley jolly , tyson barr and nic roy , known collectively as slide christchurch , filmed themselves descending dunedin 's baldwin street on tricycles . short clip opens with a warning message before riders take their position at the top of the hill , famed for its 35 % gradient .
the shibu inu was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion . the puppies are held in the air by their respective handlers and one of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound . inu then begins vocalising with a yappy bark before the husky .
tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of washington , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon . but at a track meet saturday in eugene , oregon , a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate .
carol bennett-chevereau from quebec , canada , filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases . but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free .
a woman in china showed her strength by using her legs to lift a group of people . placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood and clinging to either side of it are two women who are about to become human weights . three men stand and assist the women before stepping back and preparing to enjoy the show .
sam the german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while sitting on the couch . footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen . he then sleepily rolls over and snuggles up against his owner .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california . footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher . he then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .
the snowboarder , in a bright purple jacket , is using a selfie stick to film himself in action . the show-off stops to clear some snow off the screen of the camera , not realising what is about to happen . the final indignity sees the boarder fall to the ground while still filming himself .
saskia , 17 , aced the ` arsenal exam ' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent . by grading system of her boyfriend , who did n't want to be identified , that constitutes an a. saskia . as a result , i will not be dumping you -lsb- lucky you -rsb- , ' he wrote in red pen on the cover of the test along with some feedback coming from gunners fans .
arsenal playmaker mesut ozil took to instagram to show off his new apple watch . the 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in price from # 299 to # 13,500 - as he visited an apple store on thursday afternoon . ozil compared his watch to michael knight in the hit action show knight rider .
ufc light-heavyweight jon jones is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman . the 27-year-old was sent to hospital with ` non life-threatening injuries ' . he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman .
manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to luke rockhold last year . michael bisping landed a kick to the head of cb dollaway during their ufc 186 fight in montreal . the pair traded blows in the first round by a left hook to finish the session on top .
chris smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at manchester united . the england centre-back had been linked with a move to arsenal . the 25-year-old was also guilty of several off-the-field indiscretions . the defender has matured under van gaal and become regular starter .
pele and franz beckenbauer were reunited on friday afternoon . the pair played for new york cosmos in the 1970s before the club went bankrupt in the following years . brazilian legend pele , now 74 , also had his say as the pair flicked the switch to turn on the lights .
hashim amla is to join derbyshire next month for three natwest t20 blast and two lv = county championship matches . amla has been recruited to replace martin guptill after the new zealander was called up by his country for the test series against england . south africa test captain amla , 31 , will begin his short stint at home to northamptonshire on may 10 .
allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach . the 48-year-old former test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011 . he said he has had some time to reflect after the world cup and have come to the conclusion that time is right to move on .
researchers at the university of washington studied the telerobot raven ii . they found that robots designed for surgery could be ` easily ' hacked in . this is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working . this enabled them to change the speed of the arms of the robot and change their orientation , making it impossible for the machines to carry out a procedure as directed .
republican lawmaker from north dakota , randy boehning , has an over 10-year history of voting against gay rights . on monday , he was outed for using gay hook-up app grindr . smith recognized the staunch conservative and took his story , and explicit photo , to the press . but , while admitting he 's gay and uses grindr , the public official claimed his private life was revealed as part of a fellow lawmaker 's retaliation for his vote
jia jiang was so determined to become an entrepreneur that , as a child in china , he dug a hole in the garden intending to reach america by the shortest route . he eventually made the journey by conventional means , and found a good life there . but he wanted to take risks , start his own company .
mo farah will race in birmingham in the first time he 's competed in 1,500 m since 2013 . the 32-year-old has competed over 1500m since he broke the european record by clocking three minutes 28.81 seconds in monaco two years ago . farah is unbeaten at the alexander stadium for seven years .
thierry henry believes arsenal need to buy four new players this summer . arsenal boss arsene wenger will be looking to add to his squad ahead of the 2015-16 premier league season . petr cech looks set to leave chelsea after losing his no 1 spot to belgian goalkeeper thibaut courtois .
sarah weatherill , 31 , became so dependent on the energy drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine . law student spent a staggering # 5,460 every year on the popular energy drink since she became hooked in 2009 . she soon became lethargic , depressed , had heart palpitations and was constantly feeling anxious as her # 105-a-week habit spiralled out of control . she finally decided to do
the unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist anna erickson . meet bud dodson , 57 , and welcome to his home : an rv in seattle 's sodo where he watches over the parking lot . there are around 30 drivers that float in and out of this parking lot in the sodo -lrb- south of downtown -rrb- area of the city in washington state .
the rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $ 10 million to $ 5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder . despite walking confidently into court , he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as judge ronald coen rejected his pleas . but all is not lost for the co-creator of death row records , who believes his close friend , the champion boxer will come to his aid this weekend .
suge knight , 49 , has pleaded not guilty to killing terry carter and trying to kill ` bone ' sloan during a confrontation in compton on january 18 . the co-founder of death row records was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation , but close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye .
benik afobe scored the winner in a 1-0 defeat of wigan . the latics had james mcclean sent off for a second bookable offence in jury time . wigan will face brentford next weekend without man man james . afobe 's first-half finish kept wolves slim dreams of promotion alive .
jimmy abdou came on to break the deadlock with a rare strike . martyn waghorn was one of three players sent off , two for wigan and one for millwall in the fiesty clash . wigan athletic are to be relegated from the sky bet championship .
petra wetzel , 40 , is a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son , noah , nine . she set up her own business , the west brewery , in 2006 . he had heard about the huge popularity of petra 's bottled beer . now he wanted to meet to discuss importing it in bulk to italy .
cui hongfang , 73 , died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers after she was knocked over by the 38-year-old canadian woman . her husband said she fell down the steps and died shortly after she struck her head and lost consciousness . police interviewed the tourist , identified by chinese media as debra fortin , and ruled the death an accident by police .
mini test . audi tt roadster 2.0 tfsi s line quattro is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 . good . the interior of a manual version of the audi soft-top can be seen here . bad .
the accident occurred in southeastern albuquerque just before noon on sunday local time when the driver of a rented suv jumped a red light . the driver , who an off-duty officer identified as jones , ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again . police were searching for ufc champion jon jones in connection with a hit-and-run accident .
michael essien 's # 75,000 range rover vogue stolen from his surrey home . burglars targeted the property in cobham where chelsea 's training ground is based . essien left the blues for italian club ac milan in january 2014 but still owns the property purchased during his time at stamford bridge .
on saturday he will dismount from the bay gelding box office after the 4.25 pm at sandown park -- the bet365 handicap hurdle -- and it will begin . perhaps it will not quite sink in , at first , amid the cheers and roars , the hoopla and a presentation from ian wright , an arsenal hero , as befits mccoy 's club allegiance .
real madrid have 48 hours to make a decision on javier hernandez as the clock runs down on their first option to buy the manchester united striker . the mexico striker has scored three goals in his last two games . the 26-year-old is enjoying a fine run of form at real madrid .
javier hernandez on loan from manchester united has scored four goals in four for the spanish giants . the mexico international is on a season-long loan from old trafford . ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
michael and rosalia juskin had a ` history of domestic issues ' , according to bergen county prosecutor john l. molinelli . a motive for the apparent murder-suicide on sunday night had not yet been determined . a relative discovered the bodies monday morning and called police .
blaine boudreaux , 34 , has been charged with intoxication manslaughter , intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate dui collisions that took place within three hours in houston . the 34-year-old , who also has an extensive dui record in his native louisiana , was allegedly drunk when he ran a red light on lockwood drive at around 6.3 opm and slammed his dodge pickup truck into a honda civic
the first was wartime naval cryptographer and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox , who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943 . his funeral was attended by many from bletchley park , and a memorial stone to knox can be found bordering the property . the current owner , businesswoman sharon constancon , is related to the leon family .
mel greig has written an open letter to the media , warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events . the former 2day fm co-host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the duchess of cambridge 's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call .
damien lewis played henry viii in the six-part series on the rapid rise to power of sir thomas cromwell in king henry 's court . cambridge academic mark rylance blamed there diminutive size on a ` directive from our american producers ' .
ilford-born benn joined in a playful pad session with ricky hatton . benn landed a series of punches , including one that saw hatton 's glove fly off . earlier this week , hatton and benn met up to discuss the possibility of the ` hitman ' training conor benn .
micah richards has found playing time hard to come by during his loan move to fiorentina . the 26-year-old has had ample time to reflect on his career so far . richards ' contract at manchester city expires at the end of the season , when he becomes a free agent .
andy carroll is currently overseas with a hammers physio and his pregnant fiancee billi mucklow as he continues his recovery . the 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer and will instead be working hard at the club 's chadwell heath training ground .
nicholas tooth , 25 , was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid-north nsw on saturday . he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent 's shoulder during a tackle . he was airlifted to newcastle 's john hunter hospital in a critical condition .
lioness locked on to the giraffe 's throat to kill it in hwange national park . at first the predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal . the determined lioness refused to let the lioness escape despite the danger she was in .
martin odegaard was pictured with former brazil international ronaldo . the 16-year-old signed a long-term # 40,000-a-week contract with the champions league winners in january . the norwegian joined real madrid from the castilla side this month .
paige vanzant was declared the winner by lop-sided scores of 30-26 , 30-27 in just her second fight in the promotion . herrig struggled to impose herself on the fight despite having much more experience . the 21-year-old has only fought six times as a professional .
paige vanzant and felice herrig had to be separated as they squared off ahead of their strawweight clash in new jersey . at only 21 and with just five fights behind her , she has already ruffled feathers after being one of a select few to sign an individual contract with reebok .
jose mourinho has come under fire for lack of possession during chelsea 's 1-0 win over manchester united on saturday . the portuguese has just two games to go to the top of the premier league . the club are seven points clear at the bottom of the table .
david raven scored the winner for inverness against celtic in the scottish cup semi-final . the full back was released by shrewsbury and tranmere in recent years . the 30-year-old made a few appearances in the liverpool first team as a youngster .
louis van gaal is starting to assert himself at the united after a stuttering start . the manchester united boss has already established in this column . the dutchman knows he will not be judged on his ability to repair the damage done by david moyes at the end of his career .
teana walsh , who is paid by michigan taxpayers to pursue justice , wrote an unhinged post on her facebook urging a deadly response to violence in the troubled maryland city . walsh 's bosses to issue a statement defending her , claiming the post was ` completely out of character ' .
the standard issue chevrolet express police transport van has bolts that are built into the door and do n't stick out . the vehicle used by the baltimore police department is smooth on the inside of both cage doors . it raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the force which emerged today in a report of its internal investigation into gray 's death .
georgia davis , 22 , is an extreme manifestation of the obesity epidemic afflicting young people in britain . she is 5ft 6in tall but exists on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways and junk food which has rendered her immobile .
a northern territory mother was lost for words after she spotted a phallic cloud on a work break last week . labourer noeleen foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above zuccoli -25 km southeast of darwin . she snapped the pornographic precipitation from the civil construction site where she works .
a photo taken by photographer patrick semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters . a video of one intense interaction between a group of rioters and police showed a similar scene . about 27 people have been arrested after looting local businesses and setting several buildings on fire as revenge for gray 's death .
seagram 's extra dry gin does n't seem to have put off the lady holding said alcohol could the crease on those trousers be any straighter ? a tan , blond moustache and a pair of curtains are clearly convinced it will sell more dubonnet , a wine-based aperitif .
the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of benghazi . libya 's second largest city was seized by the hardline islamist group ansar al-sharia in july last year and intense fighting between the rebels and regime forces .
the state government has had enough and is planning to make tenants pay a bond before they move in . communities minister brad hazzard said it was a ` very likely possibility ' the plan would be implemented in the near future . the state 's new community services minister said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $ 12 million .
philip lyle hansen , 56 , has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges , including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011 . on wednesday a wellington district court jury continued hearing evidence from a woman , 47 , who was in a relationship with hansen during the 1990s .
stoke city are challenging west ham for sampdoria midfielder pedro obiang . chief executive tony scholes understood to be in the stands as the 23-year-old played out a 1-1 draw with verona on wednesday night . the spaniard is available for around # 6million .
former treasurer peter costello has fired a damaging salvo at the abbott government . he described its approach to taxation as a ` morbid joke ' . joe hockey was not impressed with the costello critique , lamenting the fact his liberal predecessor had more tax revenue to use during the howard government years .
west indies are losing players to the easier option of the indian premier league . but marlon samuels has taken the difficult road . he will remember his duel with ben stokes , the way he saw off a newish ball and how he took the attack to england on the first evening .
tya graham , a single mother-of-six , was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son michael , pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street . the riots broke out following the death of freddie gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by baltimore police .
iran 's revolutionary guards ` harassed ' a us-flagged ship just days before it seized a vessel carrying cargo and 34 sailors . the two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic strait of hormuz . news of the first incident was revealed by the pentagon .
former indonesian army general prabowo subianto twice privately assured mr joko there would be no political consequences if bali nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved . it 's understood he penned a letter to the president at the weekend in which he said that if the president were to ` postpone the executions indefinitely ' , he would come out in support of the decision . independent senator nick xenophon said he was told earlier in the year by human rights advocates that
floyd mayweather dismissed conor mcgregor 's recent comments about being able to ` kill ' the boxer inside 30 seconds . with under two weeks to go until his $ 300milllion fight with manny pacquiao , the undefeated champion claims that the irish ufc star is just looking to gain some attention off the back of the media frenzy surrounding the fight .
tesla founder elon musk has unveiled a ` revolutionary ' $ 3,000 -lrb- # 1,980 -rrb- battery that can run an entire home for eight hours . powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall , weighs 220lbs , and can be installed on an outside or inside wall .
the idea that earth is set to form a new supercontinent - dubbed amasia - is not new . but new techniques are allowing experts to study the changes in unprececdented ways . north and south america will crunch together , with the caribbean sea and arctic ocean disappearing , while asia will join the americas .
researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in the early ahmarian culture and the protoaurignacian culture , living in south and west asia around 40,000 years ago . they found the human tools were no more effective than neanderthal-created tools of the same era . researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived neanderthals .
james houlder and his girlfriend , vicki hood , had saved up for months . but within hours of arriving at the sonesta beach resort in sharm el sheikh . couple say they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea . they say they were barely able to leave their room .
manchester united scouts checked on porto striker jackson martinez last week . the colombia international came close to joining ac milan in january . martinez scored as porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in their champions league semi final first leg . burnley 's danny ings remains an option , according to sportsmail .
manchester city 's natasha flint bagged a hat-trick as the young lions squad came from a goal down to win . but saturday 's defeat to norway could yet prove costly as england can only make it to this summer 's finals in israel as best-placed runners up .
alastair cook 's innings into day three in grenada was spot-on . cook worked his way to an encouraging 50 but frustratingly was out playing shannon gabriel on for 76 . but it is nonsense to say a batsman who has hit 25 test hundreds can not drive the ball .
the 65-year-old is one of the world 's most iconic models and 50 years after first being discovered , twiggy is still a timeless beauty . she will instantly update her summer wardrobe with its chic colour palette , gorgeous prints and great silhouettes . her new designs include a chic denim jacket , floral and feminine print dress and leopard-print trousers .
donatella , 59 , is set to appear in a new ad campaign not for her own brand , but for rival design house givenchy . givenchy designer riccardo tisci , 40 , revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on instagram yesterday , posting a black and white photo of himself .
david haye , 34 , was stopped by officials on his arrival at dubai airport . accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property . the cheque , worth 1.8 million emirati dirham , was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property , as part of a deal with developers emaar .
chris ramsey believes the implementing of a rooney rule could help raise awareness of the ` covert ' issue . ramsey has been vocal on racism in football in the past and supports john barnes ' assertion that black managers find it difficult to get another job after being sacked . he was without a job for seven months after leaving his coaching role at tottenham last season .
former ole miss star marshall henderson , revenge is a dish best served cold . but he has had the last laugh after he jumped on revelations jarret stoll . he was arrested in a drugs bust last week by tweeting to erin andrews : ` lol wassup with your boyfriend ' .
raheem sterling recently snubbed a new # 100,000-a-week contract at anfield . the 20-year-old was pictured smoking a shisha pipe in a picture published in the sunday mirror . it is said that one single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes .
the serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the otago harbour , in dunedin on thursday . samples of the bizaree creature , known to swim vertically as well as self-amputate its own tail , were sent to see otago museum for testing .
chief executive mike coupe , 53 , was convicted of embezzlement last september . former sansbury 's business partner amr el-nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques . now a court has sentenced him to two years behind bars for the crime .
joe root has bounced back from a difficult ashes tour to prove himself as a quality test batsman . the young batsman has been superb in his middle-order role . root has not messed with his form either . it would be easy in his current run to chip up a catch on 40 or give it away as soon as he reaches a hundred .
the russian man , who was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains , found himself injured and unable to continue the ascent . it is believed the man , whose nickname is ` che ' , was struck by a huge falling icicle , causing a collection of blood under the skin called a haemotoma . the blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising . viewers must be aware the footage contains extremely graphic content .
manchester united goalkeeper anders lindegaard tied the knot with the model last year in a romantic beach wedding in mauritius . the 31-year-old moved to the premier league in 2010 after signing from norwegian side aalesunds but has failed to make an impact .
david howman , director general of wada , said this week that he is disappointed armstrong had not apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits before the former cycling champion admitted using performance-enhancing drugs . he initially declined comment on howman 's remark , but on wednesday provided the ap with a may 2013 email exchange with howman .
hein verbruggen has written to all uci board members saying he has put the ` scandalously biased ' report into the hands of lawyers . the former head of international cycling says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the uci . he also rejected a call from current uci president brian cookson to resign his honorary presidency .
mesut ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he did n't do enough against chelsea on sunday . the german celebrated the fa cup win over reading , needs to start performing to live up to his # 42m tag . he also felt that arsenal could win the game well .
brendan rodgers ' decision to ignore mario balotelli is completely illogical . lambert missed out on saturday at west brom because of a hip injury . the england striker played 90 minutes 20 times last season . he has played the equivalent of six-and-a-half games .
manchester united lost 3-0 to everton in their premier league clash . louis van gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn manchester united into title contenders . ilkay gundogan has already been linked with a move to old trafford . david de gea , blind and ashley young react after conceding a goal .
patrick vieira is set to complete his uefa pro licence this summer . he has been taking his coaching badges with the welsh football association under their technical director osian roberts . he is one of the potential candidates in the frame to replace manuel pellegrini if he were to leave .
carles puyol is believed to be training with a view to ending his retirement from football for a lucrative end-of-career spell in qatar or the united states . the 36-year-old retired last may after struggling to return from a persistent knee injury that had troubled him .
toby huntington-whiteley , 25 , stars in the new summer advert for men 's clothing brand jacamo . the personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer , freddie flintoff , 37 , as they model the latest collection of clothing for the brand 's summer campaign .
tiny robots , the size of an a4 sheet , are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight . the robots , collectively called avert , are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece . they are fitted with on-board sensors , including two lasers and a digital camera .
the russian space agency , roscosmos , is attempting to regain control of a spaceship that is spinning out of control in orbit . progress m-27m appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 am edt from kazakhstan . it was due to dock with the iss six hours after take off , but that plan has now been ` indefinitely abandoned ' .
taline gabrielian , 33 , of sydney 's northern beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites , including mars bars , snickers , bounty , twix and cherry ripe . with 129,000 instagram followers and the hippie lane app consistently sitting in the top three of ` most popular food and drink ' apps on itunes since its release in january .
bodyprint was devised by christian holz , senaka buthpitiya , and marius knaust from the california-based yahoo labs . details of its algorithm are included in their paper , bodyprint . the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby .
the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby . the credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet -lrb- three metres -rrb- . it connects to an app on a user 's android handset or iphone via bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet
matthew colvin , 26 , was behind bars on tuesday in southhaven , mississippi , and will be extradited back to memphis on wednesday . the rock 'n' soul museum reported on april 21 that an employee discovered the glasses , valued at more than $ 2,000 , had been taken out of a display case during business hours .
 ssangyong has given its new sporty five-door family runaround a very european name . pitched to take on pumpedup nissan juke , the tivoli suv is powered by 1.6 litre euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions .
online fitness company protein world caused a twitter storm recently with its london underground poster of a genetically-blessed model in a small yellow bikini . the poster , promoting weight loss , came under fire from feminists and body image campaigners who branded the campaign body-shaming . transport for london are in the process of removing the ad .
fabio lovato , 30 , created a short video that played following the cinema trailers for fast and furious 7 . the one minute and 30 second video ended with a picture of the couple and the words , ` laura i have a questions for you ' . the film included pictures from their time together in australia , and fabio was working in the country .
the beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal ` reaction chamber ' in its stomach . when threatened , the diminutive bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear , complete with ` gun smoke ' . this behaviour has been caught on camera by wendy moore and her colleagues at the university of arizona .
video footage shows the friendly feline named kit letting the four newborn chihuahuas nuzzle her belly . the pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on tuesday afternoon and taken to the humane society for immediate treatment . a note on the cardboard container , left on a woman 's car , indicated they were born last friday and their mother had died .
carl froch was due to fight julio cesar chavez jnr in las vegas . but a shoulder injury forced the nottingham world champion to pull out . chavez faces andrzej fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on saturday night .
jason matthews , 40 , left his saab 93 in a side street on his way to the starting line of the manchester marathon on april 19 . but when the runner from wolverhampton finished the race after five hours 11 minutes of running he was unable to remember where he had parked it . he spent hours searching for his missing car , even retracing some of the marathon route before enlisting the help of a taxi driver to help him .
jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator 's barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near canary wharf by his girlfriend 's father mark harris . moments before carefully removed a ring box from a bag around his waist without his girlfriend seeing , is captured standing before her stretching his muscles .
paul smith has landed a shot at the unbeaten californian andre ward . ward will face a man who outclassed carl froch in 2011 . the 32-year-old has not fought since he beat edwin rodriguez on points in november 2013 .
jack grealish starred for aston villa in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday . the 19-year-old was pictured taking so-called ` hippy crack ' after a night out . the pfa will look to increase their education to players on the risks of nitrous oxide .
jimmy anderson scores the runs to defeat west indies in the second test . england must remember that , having won a crucial toss , they had the best conditions against the eighth-ranked side in the world . anderson may have won it with his extraordinary display but the key to me in england going one-up was the captaincy and batting of alastair cook .
the rubber bowl hosted acts like the rolling stones , ringo starr , black sabbath , simon & garfunkel , alice cooper , bon jovi , van halen , metallica , tom petty , bob dylan , the grateful dead and aretha franklin . in addition to serving as a concert venue , the stadium also functioned as the home of the university of akron 's football team , the zips , for more than 65 years . the university purchased
leslie cooper , 36 , appeared in court charged with murder of iman abdul hadi arwani . pair also visited wembley home of burnell mitchell , 61 , who is a director . mr mitchell has scaffolding outside his two-bedroom property . he has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder .
jessica mccarty , six , and christopher swist , 5 , died in palm bay , florida . the father of the five-month-old and the man who was dating the two oldest in little league baseball , has spoken out about the kids he cared for and loved . he was arrested on march 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident .
hector morejon was shot by a long beach , california , police officer , who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident . her attorney , his mother , lucia morejon , was at home when she heard the shots .
alexia christian was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a patrol car near the fulton county courthouse in downtown atlanta . at one point christian fired at least two shots at the officers , and they returned fire , critically wounding her .
tony abbott was asked to have a drink by university of technology sydney bats coach simon carradous . it appeared to take the prime minister about six seconds to down the schooner , as players cheered and chanted ` skol ' and ` tony ' . mr abbott also gave a speech to the players , according to australian women 's weekly .
video shows exotic pet owner kayonna cole holding her female rose hair spider up to the camera as it digs its fangs into her skin . kayonna , who filmed the moment at her home in los angeles , remains calm throughout the video , but later suffered a reaction to the spider 's venom .
the cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother . when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass . eventually he fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud . luckily the young elephant did not appear to hurt anything but his pride .
the baby elephant , named jazmine , approached its mother rozie . with its front left leg already placed on its mother 's neck , the young elephant clambers onto her with its right leg . before steadying itself and lunging forward with both its back legs , trampling all over rozie as it tries to get its balance .
medical and law enforcement sources briefed on the police investigation told abc news gray 's ` catastrophic ' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt ` in the back door of the van ' . they claimed there was ` no evidence ' gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest , which was caught on camera on a street side on april 12 .
roger , an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the northern territory , was gifted his new friend by a fan . sanctuary manager chris barnes said he tried to take the bunny off roger but was met with hostility . mr barnes was rescued in 2006 after finding his mother dead on a highway .
ap mccoy made a lap of honour round the parade ring with champion jockey 's trophy at sandown on saturday . the media assemble to get one last shot . a lie-in and cooked breakfast before a party for family and friends at his home near lambourn . this week there will be two days as a spectator for the punchestown festival .
portland defender liam ridgewell discusses his family 's visits to portland . the 30-year-old says the new mls season well under way in the u.s. he says it 's wicked to see supporters ' passion , and they carry that throughout the matches . ridgew ell 's children luca and eva were over visiting with his parents bob and linda .
peter scudamore rode 1,678 winners at towcester on november 7 , 2013 . he has won virtually every big race in calendar but mccoy 's greatest feat has to be the immense tally of winners he has ridden . he outstripped european record of german peter schiergen and sir gordon richards ' best of 269 in 1947 .
lada niva 4x4 has been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the russian carmaker . the niva is an unabashed frills-free zone , the upside of its simplicity is that the plastic interior is easy to mop down after a day in the mud .
stella maxwell , 24 , was born to northern irish parents stella maynes and maurice maxwell . she was raised there until she was 13 . in one of her many moves , her family relocated to canberra , australia , then wellington , new zealand thanks to her father 's job .
the jumbo jet is believed to have cost # 400million after it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period . it contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen , with a lounge and ` state room ' at the back of the plane .
the fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak . it then goes to fly away home when suddenly it notices that it is stuck and a sense of panic sets in . realising that its tongue is stuck to the frozen beef steak , the fly begins squirming in its attempts to break free .
saige , five , who 's from the us , concludes the passionate rant by declaring she will move out and stay with her mum 's best friend . unfortunately for her , her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her daughter . in the video titled , ` saige is mad and she 's moving on ' , the determined little girl , gives her mother a stern nod and replies : ` yes i am ! ' . when her mother - who has n't revealed her
the huge animal was standing at the back of the enclosure at omaha 's henry doorley zoo . the little girl can be seen in the window beating her chest at one of the gorillas . but the gorilla 's friend in the background is n't quiet as keen on the game .
the 79th edition of the masters features videos of shots from the likes of nick faldo , louis oosthuizen and the late , great seve ballesteros . the king was truly crowned after becoming the first man to birdie both the final two holes at augusta national to win the masters .
billy joe patton came within a stroke of perhaps the biggest masters shock of all but narrowly missed out on a play-off with sam snead and ben hogan . but for a short while it had appeared an amateur golfer could topple two of the greatest ever to play the game .
lewis hamilton wins bahrain grand prix ahead of sebastian vettel and mercedes team-mate nico rosberg . kimi raikkonen -lrb- finland -rrb- ferrari 42 . fireworks lit up the desert night and sparks glowed from under the cars .
nico rosberg was brooding , his face stony , his eyes fixed on the middle distance and his fingers intermittently clapping in anger . he was sitting next to lewis hamilton - as close as the german had got to his mercedes team-mate all afternoon of the chinese grand prix .
malaysian grand prix was built and straight into the desert of bahrain . the shanghai circuit has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years . there is n't much to look at for scenery in sakhir , but the corporate building in the background near the paddock is the iconic construction at the circuit .
malaysian grand prix is held as a potential title decider late on in the year -lrb- 2004-2008 -rrb- or as an early opener . the track layout is also a challenging design . a decent run out on to the back straight is a catalyst for the classic trademark move going into the penultimate corner .
zafar ansari has been called up to england 's odi squad for the clash . the 23-year-old is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the american south . the left-handed batsman and left-arm spinner also has an eye on a career .
nicklas bendtner was not included in the wolfsburg squad for sunday 's draw against schalke . the denmark international was due to start the match but ended up being dropped from the entire squad after his poor timekeeping landed him in hot water with manager dieter hecking .
bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater goldsands stadium . the away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the south stand and the east stand . manager eddie howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage when they are playing in front of a home crowd .
manchester united have confirmed their plans to revisit the usa on pre-season this summer after agreeing to louis van gaal 's desire to head to america rather than asia . united 's shirt sponsors chevrolet are keen for the club to visit the far east as the american car giant seeks to expand its business in that part of the world .
chelsea will face paris saint-germain in a pre-season friendly in july . the blues were sent crashing out on away goals at the last-16 stage . chelsea will play psg in north carolina on july 25 . john terry leads the celebrations as they gear up to defend a probable premier league title .
raheem sterling was parading the club 's new home kit at anfield . the new gingham design is the first offering from us sports brand new balance . the message was ` hold nothing back ' as sterling , daniel sturridge , martin skrtel and simon mignolet unveiled the new strip to fans in the centenary stand on friday afternoon .
liverpool have become the first premier league club to release their new kit to be used for the 2015-16 campaign . it ends three seasons of the reds having their kit manufactured by warrior where , despite a string of smart home strips . sportsmail picks out its five favourites from over the years .
west ham have announced a five-year deal with umbro to supply their kits starting next season . umbro produced the first-ever west ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s when the likes of world cup winners bobby moore , sir geoff hurst and martin peters famously wore the claret and blue in their 1964 fa cup and 1965 european cup winners ' cup triumphs .
manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their summer us tour . the club are expected to jet across the atlantic in july for a trip of around 12 days . however , their existing deal with nike runs until the end of july . sportsmail understands there is no buy-out clause in nike deal that ends .
bon apetit has revealed that the best way to revive a loaf of bread is to run it under water before baking it in the oven . it does n't matter if the water is hot or cold but you should try to keep the cut edge away from the direct flow of water . when you have wet your bread put it in oven for between 6 and 13 minutes depending on how large and how wet the loaf is .
analysis of popular search terms revealed areas around the world that seem to be most concerned with sexually transmitted diseases . by far , the most searched for term globally is hiv and aids , followed by herpes and then human papilloma virus -lrb- hpv -rrb- which can cause cervical cancer .
supporters group ashleyout.com was behind last sunday 's boycott of the 3-1 defeat at home to spurs . at least 10,000 supporters stayed away as their side lost a sixth game on the spin . newcastle announced record profits of # 18.7 million earlier this month .
ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team . he clashed with marlon samuels during the second test between west indies and england . stokes responded positively to the row after talking to england coach peter moores . he was not worried about the bombardment he would get in return .
married to both george harrison and eric clapton , model pattie boyd was one of the most envied women in the world . yesterday at the age of 71 , she wed for a third time . with a soundtrack provided by her irish terrier freddie who did his best to upstage the bride and her new groom , rod weston .
floyd mayweather jr is the undisputed world champion . he has spent his adult life over-compensating for the deprivation he once knew . he will wear during ` the fight of the century ' with manny pacquiao . money mayweather reigned until the build-up to this fight began .
the brazilian superstar was wearing a vest on which he had printed the proud statement ' i belong to jesus ' . it was a striking , bold image of a man not afraid to display his faith . i ca n't remember anyone saying his gesture was an affront to public decency .
chris ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs . ramsey takes nots during his side 's biggest win of the season which gave their survival chances a boost . he took the qpr position after harry redknapp saw the writing on the wall and got out .
raheem sterling has been labelled avaricious , capricious , disloyal and impressionable . he is in thrall , it is said , to a man portrayed as his iago of an agent . sterling 's ability has been questioned and his contribution to liverpool has been mocked .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the scales next friday . fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in . this formality for checking that combatants weigh no more than the stipulated poundage for each division started to become an event in its own right in 2007 .
kell brook fights frankie gavin at london 's o2 arena on may 20 . promoter eddie hearn says kell could have had his chance against amir . but instead of being patient he 's been so disrespectful , says shah khan . khan 's father shah says he will be happy to box him in the next year .
floyd mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his usual diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $ 100 bills . total cost , according to his favourite website tmz , is $ 25,000 . pay-per-view watchers in america will have to pay up to $ 100 to watch the fight .
jimmy anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham . anderson was england 's top test wicket taker in antigua on monday . the former lancashire captain says his old county captain warren hegg ` would n't say boo to a goose ' .
paris saint-germain have opened primary discussions with paul pogba . the italian champions were kept informed even though no formal offer has yet been made to the club for the france international . the transfer embargo means a deal would be agreed where the player remains in turin until next january .
sami khedira has not played as often as he would have liked at real madrid since last summer 's world cup . manchester united and chelsea are also interested in the germany international . the fifth placed bundesliga side have been struggling to come up with a suitable financial package .
ander herrera has impressed manchester united 's scouts throughout his career at real sociedad and athletic bilbao . his absence from the starting line-up earlier this season was noted and they will see whether he continues to figure so prominently once united add further midfielders in the summer . herrera is as considered in his approach off the pitch as he is on it .
jose mourinho said sunday 's game at the emirates was the best terry had ever played . terry is in a real purple patch and his reading of the game is better than ever . the 34-year-old defender 's timing in the tackle has been impeccable for the majority this season .
arsenal beat arsenal 6-0 at stamford bridge last season . gunners should dominate possession while chelsea are more likely to sit deep and use the electric pace of eden hazard and willian on the break . jose mourinho is up against the ultimate pragmatist .
jack grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide . alcohol was described as poison , it slows down your body when it needs to be perfectly tuned . arsenal , arsene wenger changed the attitude completely . he said as professional athletes we had a duty to look after our bodies .
aston villa were one of the founder members of the football league and in the early years of the fa cup , the trophy was almost theirs to keep . now this group has a chance to embrace that history and write the next chapter . tim sherwood has invigorated this side and you can feel that improvement in their performances .
patrick vieira could be next in line to replace manuel pellegrini at the etihad stadium . manchester city lost 4-2 to arsenal in the premier league on sunday . sportsmail columnist martin keown recently met his former team-mate at city 's new training ground .
spain won the european championships for a second time in a row in 2012 before their world cup failure . the current champions league quarter-finals are beginning to say something quite interesting about spain 's ` relevo ' . players who are sent in , fresh and ready to relieve whichever servicemen or women who have born the brunt of service for the previous day or days .
carlo ancelotti was a hero after guiding real madrid to their 10th european cup triumph last year . the five-star tivoli lisboa hotel , the ` fat boy with the bowl full of emilian tortellini ' , told an italian journalist friend : ` yes we 've made history by winning la decima -- but this is real mad madrid . lose two games next season and i 'll still be an ` idiot ' .
marseille host paris saint-germain at the stade velodrome on sunday night . the home side are ligue 1 top scorers , two points behind the visitors . marseille have won seven of france 's last eight classique matches . psg defender david luiz is formerly of chelsea .
chris smalling has been at the forefront of manchester united 's resurgence . the former england fast bowler now spends life on the sky sports undercard as he remains one of the sharpest , bravest analysts they have . his comment about giving england 's ` constipated ' batsmen ` some syrup of figs ' in the west indies was so perfect it could have come from our own david lloyd . marlon samuels salutes ben stokes as
shivnarine chanderpaul and steve davis remain heroic despite their advancing years but what is the point of formula one ? fc porto 's slaying of bayern munich was achieved against a backdrop of fans draped in co-ordinated blue and white . but the 40-year-old 's longevity is staggering .
a spellbinding tournament that reached in to places we could n't have imagined , last weekend 's gazzetta dello sport magazine in italy even carried a centre spread photograph of australia 's david warner . the future of test cricket could be in line for a change now colin graves is the new ecb chief 's talk of four-day test matches .
jack wilshere is one of arsenal 's own , a product of the fabled hale end academy and an example to young recruits that it is possible to make a first-team breakthrough . the england midfielder has not featured for the first team since he was injured against manchester united on november 22 .
diego torres 's book , ` the special one - the secret world of jose mourinho ' , goes a long way to understanding the practices of chelsea 's manager . in the english version of the torres biography , the exchanges between mouringinho and cristiano ronaldo in the dressing room at real madrid start on page 138 and finish five pages later . here is an abridged version of alleged events in the team meeting before the second leg of
the arsene wenger has a look in the direction of jose mourinho during the stalemate at the emirates . the pair have just made it sound like some kind of premier league mayweather vs pacquiao match up . thierry ` as an arsenal man ' henry was nigh on glowing about arsenal 's ` creative team ' .
the bbc and bt sport will have minded presenting their coverage from hq . ian wright was dead sheepish about it in the bbc 's on-site studio . fabian delph is congratulated by his team-mates after scoring against liverpool at wembley . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
gary neville co-commentated with martin tyler for manchester derby . manchester united defender was seen as being the best of the bunch . tyler said : ` smalling has scored . it 's a mauling for city ' . neville was all over this thrilling derby right from the get go ' .
harry redknapp joined bt sport presenter jake humphrey for live broadcast of arsenal vs liverpool on saturday . the former tottenham midfielder was in fine form as pundit for saturday 's premier league encounter at the emirates . raheem sterling had almost single-handedly managed to nearly shift the emphasis away from who would get the points to how many pounds he might get .
gareth bale is a transfer target for manchester united , chelsea and manchester city . bale has indicated , publicly at least , that he wants to stay at real . but sources in spain suggest that the club could be willing to offload him even though manager carlo ancelotti has said he wants the winger to remain at the club .
raheem sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week contract with liverpool . the 20-year-old could lower his value by buying-out the last year . liverpool insist they will hold firm and not be forced into selling sterling . sterling currently on a # 35,000 a week , it would cost england international # 1.7 m .
liverpool have put a # 50million price tag on sterling if they opt to sell the 20-year-old . should sterling leave for one of the barclays premier league 's big three , then the other two will focus on trying to persuade bale to leave madrid . it promises to become a tangled transfer web .
charlley hull plays 18 holes with charley hull , the best teenage golfer in britain . the venue was turnberry and a media day for the ricoh women 's british open in july . the 19-year-old has the same ` wow ' factor as world no 1 rory mcilroy .
jordan spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new masters champion shows his commitment to the sport . the american flew to new york and gave 25 interviews over the course of 24 hours . spieth attended the 50th academy of country music awards at at&t stadium on sunday night .
jordan spieth won the masters at augusta national on sunday . the 21-year-old won the first major title at the masters in the usa . the masters attracted massive ratings in the u.s. and there is no surprise in that they tuned in to watch as perfect a demonstration of sporting endeavour .
tiger woods returns to action at augusta national golf club to practice ahead of the masters 2015 . woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf . a couple of minutes later , it was like he had never been away as his drive flew wickedly left and spectators were running for cover .
nico rosberg was upset by his failure to match his team-mate lewis hamilton during a run of eight wins in the last 10 races . in those emotionally charged minutes after the chinese grand prix nothing seemed to make sense to him , rational thought was fuzzy and hamilton appeared in his mind as a blurry figure of hate . it was all the more remarkable given that the german driver was for so much of last season the ultimate expression of focus , coolness , intelligence
memphis depay scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in holland . jim lawlor had been doing his homework long before depay reached the total which louis van gaal holds in such high regard . depay and psv team-mate georginio wijnaldum clinched the title with three games to spare .
liverpool drew 3-3 with sheffield wednesday at hillsborough in 1998 . the expectation surrounding owen escalated , and the intro for the next day 's report in the liverpool echo said it all : ` brazil have ronaldo . liverpool , and now england , have michael owen . ' .
arsenal finish a season with a string of good results . usually they rattle out a sequence of wins just in time to preserve their place in the top four but too late to affect the destiny of the barclays premier league . chelsea were relentless from the first whistle and have had the title race firmly under control since before christmas .
eden hazard is among the front runners to win the pfa player of the year . the belgium international has been in superb form for jose mourinho 's side . harry kane is another of the favourites to pick up individual gong . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half-time . the striker 's goal gave the black cats the lead in the wear-tyne derby . sportsmail 's jamie carragher criticised the striker for his actions while speaking on sky sports .
eddie howe was on the back page of my daily mail on tuesday morning . he is like ian wright , an exploding champagne bottle of a player . eddie is peaceful during a game , relaxed , quiet and controlled . his extrovert assistant , jason tindall , provides instructions and demands .
jack grealish was fantastic but fabian delph was the best player on the pitch . delph put in an all-action display and ran the game . he has a languid style similar to former liverpool and england star steve mcmanaman . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
aston villa take on liverpool in their fa cup semi-final on sunday . christian benteke scored the only goal of the game as villa won 1-0 at tottenham on april 11 . fabian delph 's new deal was a real boost for villa .
marouane fellaini has become manchester united 's go-to player in midfielder this season . chris smalling has improved and despite the summer spending he remains a key aprt of the team . the only potential problem would be a michael carrick injury as he has been instrumental in the revival .
charlie adam 's audacious long-range effort against chelsea on saturday evening . sportsmail 's jamie redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend . alexis sanchez puts the gunners 3-0 up against liverpool at the emirates .
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 in their premier league clash on saturday . mesut ozil has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games . the german star is worth paying to watch when at his best in a massive game . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
arsenal face manchester city at the emirates stadium on saturday . olivier giroud v kolo toure and mamadou sakho will be licking his lips . the frenchman is in excellent form this season but the only question mark against him was does he score enough in the big games .
tuesday night 's friendly with italy could prove to be michael carrick 's most important england game . the difference between the first and the second half was like night and day . when carrick came on , england started to play . having played in his position , and alongside him , it has been frustrating to see him unappreciated in this country .
martin allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season . the winger visited barnet and left me a nice packet of milk chocolate biscuits in my office . after training , to help me get rid of them , i decided to give some out to our players .
carl froch has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may . there is the possibility of paul smith-andre ward in the pipeline . anthony dirrell 's people have already been in touch with me about a froch fight . a fight against degale still feels to me like the most probable .
scott quigg is desperate to fight carl frampton and has offered him # 1.5 million to do so on july 18 . the fight can only happen if they are co-promoters . if there 's more we can do to make this fight happen then i do n't know what it is .
richie benaud made commentary look easy . believe me , it is n't . but he put in the hard work and he rose to the top . there 's a lesson there for a few of the blokes who pick up a mic today . i had the great honour of doing a stint on channel 9 in australia during an ashes test a few years ago . they 'd only recently introduced the concept of using three commentators in one go and , as usual , richie was keeping
matt giteau 's stellar displays for toulon have put him back on the wallabies radar ahead of the world cup . the game is changing and australia have realised the headlines will be . steffon armitage came off the bench against leinster on sunday .
bath head coach mike ford believes burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow . burgess is still adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique coming under scrutiny . in league , for nine years , my game has been about taking short balls and looking for holes .
the rfu and stuart lancaster are being urged to invoke the ` exceptional circumstances ' get-out clause . there is an assumption in many quarters that this being a world cup year , it is time to abandon all principles and do whatever it takes to ensure that every englishman , wherever he may be .
charles piutau rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in favour of a season in belfast , in 2016-17 . colin slade is thought to be deciding between a move to toulon or pau in france . the prospect of piles of euros and a gathering of elite players from around the world makes the top 14 league the destination du jour .
chelsea had a good shout for an early penalty when oscar was clipped by bellerin but i agreed with oliver that the contact was accidental and minimal . oliver was more decisive when cesc fabregas went to ground after feeling contact from santi cazorla . replays proved that to be incorrect as they showed slight contact on oscar .
uefa has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the european women 's under 19 championship qualifier between england and norway . england are awarded a penalty in the 38th minute and fifa ordered that the entire match be replayed which did not please either team .
scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up glenn murray for palace 's first goal -lrb- 2 -rrb- . it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant john brooks . he was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move .
leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points , seven off safety . win on saturday and they will be out of the relegation zone . if a player is not being pushed it 's easy for them to shift responsibility . leicester face a crunch clash with fellow relegation battlers burnley .
tim sherwood returns to white hart lane to face tottenham on saturday . the aston villa boss is a passionate man but he ca n't afford to let things get personal . sherwood 's intensity has sparked them back to life . he has revived christian benteke in the same way as he did for emmanuel adebayor last season .
arsenal defender calum chambers , eric dier and john stones have all enjoyed excellent premier league campaigns . defence is not the easiest area for a young player to make an impression . chambers and stones are still 20 and dier is 21 , but there are no signs of fear in their games .
tony mccoy thanked the racing public for making the last two months of his career the most memorable of all as their appreciation helped him cope with the thought of retirement . since announcing his intention to retire in february he has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country as well as travelling over to ireland .
ap mccoy was presented the champion jockey trophy by ian wright . he was waiting for the end to come . at 4.15 pm a bell rang out . he did not need to be reminded for whom it tolled for him . he walked alongside box office , the final ride of his astonishing career .
ap mccoy , the iron-man of jump racing , shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle . the retired jocket was overcome with emotion after coming third . princess anne , a renown horseman herself , said : ' i can only add my admiration to the epitome of a professional sportsman ' .
former real madrid ace kaka and canadian international cyle larin earned all three points against portland timbers at a sold-out providence park . the hosts were lucky to end the game with all 11-men when goalkeeper kwarasey took down substitute carlos rivas .
the 19-time champion jockey could have ridden cause of causes who , like his mount shutthefrontdoor , is owned by his boss jp mcmanus . he was second at the 2014 cheltenham festival and landed the four-mile national hunt chase at last month 's meeting . that marks him down as a quality performer , and he is ridden by a grand national winning jockey in paul carberry and trained by a race-winning trainer in gordon elliott
ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires from professional racing for good . thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness the jockey 's entire career , from shy newcomer to national sporting superstar . ` it might sound like madness when you are talking about a 20-time champion but it is unique . he keeps the bit high up in the horse 's mouth though the general rule is to drop your hands on the back
retiring 20-time jump jockey ap mccoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great olympian sir steve redgrave back at those who think he might perform a u-turn and reverse his plans to walk away from the sport . the 40-year-old rider has two final rides at sandown on saturday .
the 15-year-old ap left his home in moneyglass , county antrim , to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey 's life at the stable of jim bolger in county kilkenny . claire says seeing ` anthony ' leave left her ` heartbroken ' .
adam gemili says usain bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice . the young british athlete says he is nowhere near bolt 's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon . gemili has announced his participation in the sainsbury 's anniversary games this summer .
british cyclist becky james has been sidelined for a whole year . james supported boyfriend george north during wales ' six nations campaign . the most frustrating thing was that one moment i 'd be fine on the bike , then the next i would be in a lot of pain .
royal bank of scotland has racked up # 50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers . it lurched to a # 446million loss for the first three months of the year . comes after rbs was forced to put aside # 856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided .
samantha cameron , justine miliband and miriam clegg attended parade . they looked like a pair of lady pilots from budget deficit airline . the only accessory missing were their welfare caps , which they must have left at home . sam cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west london .
the cherries official name is afc bournemouth , meaning their name would start ahead of arsenal 's by virtue of the alphabet when the embryonic table is compiled upon the announcement of next season 's fixtures . arsenal have theoretically started each season since 1915/16 at the summit of england 's top tier .
dame sally davies is said to be concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition , which is caused by a deficiency in vitamin d . the disease , a scourge of victorian britain , was virtually eradicated after the second world war but is returning as more and more youngsters are used to staying indoors playing video games than going outside .
lee joon-seok ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence and abandoning passengers aboard the sewol . the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on april 16 last year , killing 304 people . most of the victims were teenagers en route to a southern island for a school trip .
paulo dybala is wanted by manchester united , chelsea , arsenal , inter milan , juventus and psg . palermo president maurizio zamparini has slapped a $ 50million -lrb- # 36m -rrb- price tag . the bidding war is set to break out over the former manchester city manager .
arsenal drew 0-0 with chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . theo walcott believes the gunners have been the ` best team in europe ' . the 26-year-old has yet to agree a new long-term deal with the club .
francis coquelin has defended olivier giroud following thierry henry 's claim that arsenal need a ` top quality striker ' to win the premier league next season . the french midfielder believes he must sign a new striker as well as three more players if they are to compete for the title .
olivier giroud appeared to misinterpret a question about arsene wenger 's animal instincts in arsenal 's attack in the build-up to their 0-0 draw with chelsea . the gunners forward has scored 18 goals this season . giroud said he gets annoyed with people commenting on his slick appearance .
twenty people are believed to have been injured after a plane made a crash landing and skidded off the runway in japan . there were believed to be 74 passengers and seven crew members on board asiana airlines flight oz275 when it was reported to have made a tailstrike . the plane spun 180 degrees after impact to be left facing the wrong way on the runway .
mario gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute to help fiorentina qualify for the europa league semi-finals . the ukrainian outfit knew they were in for a hard task at the stadio artemio franchi as they faced the likes of mohamed salah , joaquin and gomez .
the attraction , at fancesa limestone quarry in sucre , bolivia , comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints . frequent landslides reveal new ones , some of which belong to unknown species . the wall , which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world , is approximately 390 feet -lrb- 120 metres -rrb- tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs .
us researchers claim exact prices of goods on ebay attract higher offers than round numbers . this chart shows that when the posted initial price is of a round number , like $ 1,000 , the average counteroffer is much lower than if it is a non-round number . competitive options for buyers and sellers can define a limit beyond which they will not go , but there is still a range of prices that fall within those limits .
jack wilshere is being courted by manchester city this week . arsenal captain mikel arteta and abou diaby are in line to feature . laurent koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury sustained in arsenal 's 4-1 defeat of liverpool .
palaeontologists in china say the impeccably preserved fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago . the strange-looking creature had small stiff feathers on its body and long finger-like bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane like a bat 's wing . the discovery has provided new insight into how vertebrates first began to take to the air .
ravel morrison was released from his last contract at west ham . the 22-year-old is currently training with the serie a side . morrison signed a pre-contract agreement with lazio in january . but a delay in squad registration means he is unable to make his debut for them until next season .
yevhen shakhov broke brugge hearts with a late winner on thursday . the midfielder latched on to a ruslan rotan pass as the ukrainian hit on the counter attack to settle a tie that looked to be heading for extra-time . the belgian league leaders set the record for most europa league games unbeaten after the stalemate took them to 11 without loss since the opening game of the group stage .
the pictures were taken by the cat 's owner jason bryant who confirmed the inevitable outcome of the encounter . the mouse , unable to evade its moggy hunter , is thrown into the air on the roof of a shed in shepton mallet in somerset . unfortunately for this mouse that 's where all similarities between the moggy and its namesakes end .
kevin gameiro saved his goalkeeper 's blushes with a late equaliser . substitute gameiro arrived to slot home with five minutes remaining . sevilla boss unai emery decided it one he was prepared to take . carlos bacca hit home the early penalty after vitolo brought down .
the men form a small part of jaysh al-islam - or army of islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters following the merger of up to 60 rebel factions inside syria . dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the ` largest military parade witnessed ' .
data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in baltimore on monday were also used some 825 miles away in ferguson during the peak of last summer 's violence . the firm said the link suggests the presence of ` professional protesters ' or anarchists who are looking to take advantage of freddie gray 's death to incite more violence .
in some countries around the world , even if you are lucky enough to have access to the government-issued documents , you are still restricted and barred from several countries . henley and partners created a visa restrictions index , which ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy . the latest results were based on results from may 20 , 2014 . = germany . = united kingdom -lrb- 174 points -rrb- . = belgium . = denmark -lrb
the catwalk was replaced with a tennis court , the front row with stadium seating , and the usual parade of slender models walking single file was nowhere in sight . four strong , muscular women sashayed onto the grass , and proceeded to stretch and bend their bodies into yoga poses . lindy klim , along with former commonwealth games pole vaulter amanda bisk , australian ballet star juliette burnett , and yogi and instagram star sjana ear
the new beauty trend ? models at the akira show at mercedes-benz fashion week in sydney on wednesday sported a full face of sequins . the models ' eye area was covered in sequins and fur balls , which also embellished their nails . hours after akira , models backstage at bondi bather were also sporting sequins on their face .
charlie bothuell , 13 , was found in the basement of his family 's detroit townhouse last june following an 11-day search . on tuesday , he testified in court against his father and stepmother . he said his home was a ` very terrible ' place where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe , forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children .
serena williams beat sara errani 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 6-3 in a fed cup play-off on sunday . the u.s. captain mary joe fernandez has said that william 's will play doubles if the series is tied . the usa lead in the best-of-five series .
a female wolf spider scuttles across a kitchen floor in hallett cove , south australia . the house owner is not too happy and promptly gets out a broom to get rid of the hairy beast . after giving the spider some more whacks for good measure , the man was heard saying : ` ohhh look at the babies come out of it ' .
serena williams claimed her eighth miami open title in 14 years . world no 1 beat carla suarez navarro 6-2 6-0 in saturday 's final . the spanish star claimed her third straight title at an event she has dominated since winning her first crown back in 2002 .
the confused bird was spotted flying into london along the thames . the distinctive bird was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket . it was spotted near the a4 flyover at brentford in the grand union canal . the species normally reside in iceland and the north atlantic .
isis jihadis believed to have been fighting local groups in the hammam al-alil area when several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment . when doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group 's activities , the men were brutally murdered . news comes as the jihadis reportedly executed 60 sunni tribal fighters in iraq 's anbar province .
a preliminary ruling from the muskingum county coroner on monday said the baby was nearly full term when she was born . the child 's mother is a student at the small school in new concord , but they have refused to release her name . the body was found outside the delta gamma theta sorority house on lakeside drive . no charges have been filed .
chad geyen , a married father of two from ramsey , minnesota , was found dead on sunday of a self-inflicted gunshot wound . he had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times , including his own foster son , between 1990 and 2013 . he was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree criminal sexual conduct .
barcelona reached the champions league semi-finals of the nou camp . neymar opened the scoring for barcelona on tuesday night . david luiz doubled the lead in the second half . dani alves doubled barcelona 's lead with a second goal of the night . luis suarez nutmegs equalised for the visitors .
mirko ` cro cop ' filipovic stopped gabriel gonzaga in the third round of their long-awaited heavyweight rematch in krakow . after dropping his rival to the canvas , he finished the job with his elbows before the referee stepped in . the fight was turned on its head in what proved to be the final round .
the navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning and fired some warning charges the size of grenades . finland shares an 833-mile border with russia . it has been increasingly worried about its powerful neighbour after a year of russian air force sorties and military border exercises .
the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out . the 500ft-long oryol was in dock at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk , 620 miles north of moscow , on the white sea . a move taken after news agencies carried reports saying the emergency was already over .
eugenie bouchard took her own advice to ` relax more ' by hanging out with a couple of well known girlfriends after crashing out of the miami open . the 21-year-old suffered another early loss in key biscayne , going out to tatjana maria in the second round .
serena williams reached the miami open final with a 17-0 record . the 34-year-old will be 34 at the end of a summer that she looks all set to enter without having been beaten on tour in 2015 . she will surely extend that winning sequence against the admirable but somewhat limited spaniard carla suarez navarro .
anastasia pavlyuchenkova beat sabine lisicki 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 6-3 . svetlana kuznetsova beat julia goerges in straight sets . both players had problems on their serve .
petra kvitova beat world no 29 caroline garcia 6-4 in the fourth fed cup final . czech republic will face germany or russia in the final in november . garcia double faulted twice in a row in the third game of the final .
harry kane appeared excited ahead of the 42nd pfa awards at the grosvenor house on sunday evening . kane , the premier league 's second highest goalscorer this season with 20 goals , looked smart in his dinner suit and gold watch . liverpool captain steven gerrard and team-mates philippe coutinho and kolo toure turned up together .
jonny may was axed for striking the wrong note by ignoring an overlap in england 's six nations win over italy . he was told to go away and learn his lessons back at gloucester . with a mother who taught sheeran to play the guitar as a youngster , learning lessons has never been a problem for the 25-year-old .
serena williams beat camila giorgi 7-6 , 6-2 on the clay in brindisi , italy . no player broke serve in a highly competitive first set , which was only decided when the forehand clipped the top of the net . the world no 1 will face us captain mary joe fernandez in the fed cup .
a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man . his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama , syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer ' . the next photo , which is too disturbing to publish , shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body .
james hook has n't given up on earning a wales recall ahead of this summer 's world cup . the gloucester fly-half has a golden opportunity to showcase his undisputed ability in friday night 's european challenge cup final against edinburgh . hook has won 77 test caps since the last world cup in 2011 .
bolton beat cardiff 3-0 in the welsh capital on tuesday night . eidur gudjohnsen scored a brace to ensure his side claimed all three points at the cardiff city stadium . cardiff dominated possession but were undone far too easily by neil lennon 's clinical side .
novak djokovic beat rafael nadal to reach monte carlo masters final . world no 1 lost the first two games of the match before battling back to set up a final against sixth seed tomas berdych . nadal will take positives out of his run to the semi-finals as he struggles to rediscover his spark .
the 29-minute video , titled ` until it came to them - clear evidence ' , shows dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive . at least 16 men , described by islamic state as the ` followers of the cross from the enemy ethiopian church ' , are lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others are filmed being forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded . this follows another video in february of the beheading of a group of 21 coptic
victoria police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against ms gibson after people began to question her cancer claims and charity work . one of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception , but it had been dropped . victoria police said its position in regards to the ongoing investigation , spearheaded by consumer affairs victoria , had not changed .
military leaders in norway are nervous about its powerful neighbour 's presence on its ` strategically important ' coastline . some experts have criticised the shutting down of olavsvern naval base . but fears have once again peaked after three russian ships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway .
german aviation regulators say they were never made aware of andreas lubitz 's mental health issues . the chilling username was discovered after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home , according to german newspaper bild . investigators also found search terms for disorders such as ` bipolar ' and ` manic depressive ' .
firefighters from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of grand valley state university in michigan after an april fools prank involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke . one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate ; the firework landed in a laundry hamper , setting the contents on fire . no one was hurt , and the girl is not expected to face charges .
brady updated his facebook page on wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast . he had shared a video on saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation . but according to the caption , it was n't the cliff jump that got him but michael jordan , who was spotted playing some pick-up ball with the football player several days ago .
tesco finest apple & cinnamon hot cross buns , # 1.50 for four . 198 cals , 11.5 g sugar , 0.4 g salt , 33.7 g carbs , 3.2 g fat . they went a pretty shade of gold when heated and were delicious .
the gender equality rules laid down by the eu court of justice came into effect from december 2012 . they meant many car insurance firms had to change pricing policies , including ` female-focused ' insurers sheilas ' wheels . but insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers who have jobs that mean they are likely to be male , such as construction workers and civil engineers .
the u.s. coffee giant is being probed by the european commission over some of the methods it used to lower its tax bills . it could face millions of pounds in back taxes if found to be illegal . for the first time yesterday , details emerged about the uk company at the heart of the probe .
 delrea good of portage , indiana says that on march 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for porter county sheriff 's department patrolman william marshall about a half a mile down the road from where he asked her to halt her vehicle . good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11:21 p.m. charged with . resisting arrest .
b binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain well into adulthood , a new study has warned . alcohol changes genes in brain cells , which stop the cells developing connections between them , alter behaviour . however , they found a cancer drug may be able to reverse the damage . it is because drinking excessive amounts of alcohol when young can damage the brain and cause permanent changes to dna .
the images were taken 18 years apart , the first with the karl g. jansky very large array in new mexico in 1996 and the second by an international team of astronomers led by the national autonomous university of mexican . this simulation shows how the outflow of material from the star has dramatically expanded as it takes shape .
ee shops are planning to give away free portable chargers so that people can revive their phones wherever they are . once the ee ` power bar ' runs down , customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any ee shop , or spend four hours charging it up themselves at home .
over 5000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year , making it a bigger killer than road traffic accidents . with around 20 tradespeople dying each week as a result from past exposure to asbestos too , it 's far from the rapidly dwindling issue many presume it to be . that 's why award-winning artist joe joiner , from east london , whose great-grandmother died after being exposed to the substance .
bill and hillary clinton spent $ 104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for secret service agents when they vacationed in the dominican republic over the new year 's holiday . the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons alfy and pepe fanjul at casa de campo , a private dominican resort they own .
video taken from the bus 's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a dodge durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph . it crashes into an suv on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median . five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene at 8.20 am in tulsa , oklahoma , on monday .
dan bilzerian was arrested in order to avoid jail after being accused of placing homemade explosives in a tractor and shooting them . the playboy gun-obsessive was speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home , complete with gun-shaped candle holder . the video then cuts away to footage , believed to be of bilzeria , shooting a target which promptly explodes into a plume of flame .
steven allison , 37 , posted pictures of himself looking tanned and happy . he was unaware the net was closing in as british police teamed up with colleagues . he had already been on the run for a year when he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women .
the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers . former tech sgt. jennifer smith brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012 .
nigel farage 's controversial claim that foreign nationals with hiv should not be treated on the nhs was part of what insiders called a ` shock and awful ' strategy . ukip source revealed the party had initially planned for mr farage to mention the number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis .
the celebrity chef 's iconic fat duck was named the eighth best restaurant in the world . and his london eatery , dinner by heston blumenthal , also scraped through into the top 25 . alinea , run by grant achatz has retained its crown for the fourth year running .
thomas brock , 30 , was fatally shot at his home in pasadena , california . he was involved in an argument with another motorist , police say . brothers steven rodriguez , 24 , and jacob , 29 , charged with capital murder . mr brock was then followed to his home where the two had a fist fight .
a nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery and dispatchers eventually arrived at 5.25 pm to assist . the roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown louisville . the unidentified mother and her baby boy were taken to hospital and both are in good health .
phoj was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz . it has a ` lightweight chassis ' and is 3.2 ft -lrb- 1 metres -rrb- tall . it clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment . the parent cycles to their destination , and once they arrive , can unclip the seat and push it like a regular buggy .
teachers have warned schools are struggling to cope with influx of children . they also said english-speaking children are not getting their ` fair share ' of attention from teachers because of the additional needs of those from abroad . the association of teachers and lecturers said many staff had little or no training in how to deal with pupils with english as an additional language .
the barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of aleppo even though the meat being was slaughtered . the food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the u.s.
kansas abortion opponents have spent years pushing their state to the right on contentious issue , including this 2013 rally at the steps of the kansas statehouse in topeka . the measure also has been introduced in missouri , oklahoma and south carolina , though only kansas lawmakers have passed it .
kyle knox , 23 , was last seen at 10am on monday at the start of the route . he failed to return to his accommodation in fort william area yesterday . scotland said the force had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone .
the animal was born on tuesday at three times the size of its peers . dwarfing other newborns on the farm in gelston near grantham in lincolnshire where he was born . hagrid 's owners believe he may be the biggest ever lamb born in the uk at 25lbs .
savia spencer was at the grove in los angeles last week to autograph copies of her children 's book ` randi rhodes ninja detective -- the sweetest heist in history ' . the 44-year-old academy award winner , who won best supporting actress for her role as minnie jackson , a maid , in ` the help ' and is currently starring in the film ` insurgent ' .
lorraine bracco turned down the role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously . accused chase of lazy casting , bracco chose instead the complicated role of dr. melfi .
anthony horowitz said books by the comedian are ` witty and entertaining ' . he singled out walliams ' gangsta granny for criticism , as well as the diary of a wimpy kid books by author jeff kinney . he insisted that such writers should challenge their young readers .
london mayor praised coalition for keeping down unemployment and not returning to dole queues of 1980s britain . he said the fact that more jobs were being created was ` one of the absolute moral triumphs ' of the government . comments by mr johnson will be seen as an attempt to position himself as a future party leader .
kevin bollaert , 28 , was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion . victims were flown in from around the country to be involved in the prosecution and some have now said that they no longer feel ashamed for sending nude pictures .
shadow chancellor unveiled poster claiming voters lost # 1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes under coalition with ` millions paying more while millionaires pay less ' . but prime minister hailed today as ` money-back monday ' with raft of tax changes coming into force putting more cash in voters ' wallets .
barbara walters says that the former white house intern would be a ` run away success ' on the view . she would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that potential 2016 presidential hopeful hillary clinton would ever appear on the show again .
rspca inspectors were called to house in lawrence weston , bristol . photos taken when they visited show a horse standing on muddy ground . another picture shows a horse chained to the ground , with little room to move . the horses had no way of turning around , and the horse box was left by road side .
andreas lubitz researched suicide methods , cockpit door security and medical treatment before crashing his germanwings plane into the french alps . the 27-year-old was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide . people who use lorazepam are advised not to drive a car , let alone fly a commercial jetliner .
sen. ted cruz , the tea party darling , is already in the race and consuming precious news-cycle oxygen . but the issue that made him a national figure two years ago -- domestic snooping by the national security agency -- is no longer on america 's front-burner .
detective patrick cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force . ` no good cop should watch that video without a wince , ' nypd police chief bill bratton said . ` because all good cops know that officer just made their jobs a little bit harder , ' bratton added .
jean wabafiyebazu , 17 , was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana monday , and that police arrested marc . the 15-year-old son of a canadian diplomat plans to plead not guilty if charges are brought against him . curt obront , the lawyer for miami consul general roxanne dube 's surviving son , marc , called it a tragic case .
the two-bedroom terraced property in snodland , kent , was first rented by len and beatrice barnes in november 1915 . the couple raised their son gordon and three daughters , freda , hilda and gwendoline , in the property , which used to have an outside bathroom . they bought it 40 years later for # 350 and passed it to the family when they died .
defence secretary michael fallon said labour leader was willing to trade away britain 's nuclear deterrent in order to secure power in a backroom deal with the scottish nationalists . mr miliband said the conservative campaign had ` descended into the gutter ' and claimed david cameron ` should be ashamed ' .
chancellor said labour had ` form ' on jacking up income tax and national insurance . he said ed miliband and ed balls have done it all before , and they would do it all again . david cameron will say there is just one month to save britain from ` disaster ' .
john chapple has captured all types of landscapes , including grassy fields in england , major us cities , and sandy beaches in australia . chapple , originally from north devon , first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography . when asked for advice during a 2012 interview with landscape photography magazine , chapple said to ` invest in a good alarm clock , a comfortable pair of boots and a sturdy tripod and you ca n't go wrong ' .
the jury has rested in the murder trial of former new england patriots player aaron hernandez . the 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting odin lloyd five times in the chest and back . prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on january 29 .
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to yemen . the coalition now controls the country 's ports and air space . on saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes and to save the lives of ` streams of wounded ' .
boobesh palani , 26 , passed away at wellington hospital with his friends . he was rescued from shark infested waters at burdan 's gate , eastbourne . cousins kelly mckay , 15 , and payge olds , 16 , rushed 300m to rescue the man .
marina lyons , 80 , took her beloved dog rosie to the pdsa petaid hospital in hull for an operation to remove her spleen . the operation , carried out three weeks ago , was successful but when marina returned home with the ten-year-old lhasa apso dog , she noticed lots of bruising on its back . when ms lyons discovered bruising on the dog 's back she asked the vet about it , who told her it was from the operation .
prime minister visited sacred heart rc primary school in westhoughton . hoped to inject ` more rigour and zero tolerance of failure and mediocrity ' in schools . plan would mean 100,000 pupils taking a new test in english and maths during their first year after moving up to secondary school .
sudheer khamitkar , 42 , shot his 38-year-old wife , smita haval . their bodies were found on wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother 's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days .
since monday , over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life . yesterday , the first people to cash in their pots began to receive their money . but just 300 advisers are available - unaware they were three decades too young .
police in the southern state of santa catarina busted the gang 's lair . the loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back . picture shows the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering . the incident happened during a joint police and military operation in the neighbourhood of vargem grande .
` remediation costs ' wiped out 61 per cent of profits between 2011 and 2014 . another # 2.3 billion was earmarked by banks including barclays , royal bank of scotland and hsbc to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets . the total charge for wrongdoing last year was only 8 per cent less than the previous year .
 pelvic organ prolapse , or pop , occurs when tissue supporting pelvic organs . complications include uncomfortable dragging or ` full ' feeling , discomfort . but up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree , far fewer seek help . leading gynaecologist claims thousands of patients may be undergoing procedure needlessly .
the prime minister let the bbc film him preparing lunch at his home in oxfordshire constituency . then this weekend it was the focus of attention as he made a pitch for the family vote by being pictured at breakfast with wife samantha and their three children . he laughed awkwardly before attempting to change the subject , asking : ` anyway , have you got some interesting views on school food ? ' .
researchers at the university kansas say the talons appear to have been made into symbolic jewellery 80,000 years before modern humans arrived in europe . the findings add to evidence that neanderthals were not the slow-witted and primitive creatures they are often portrayed as one in particular .
shinto kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction . participants carry a gigantic phallus through the streets of kawasaki , japan . the sight of three large phalluses being paraded through neighbourhoods in the city south of tokyo .
the image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of albert einstein . features with a high spatial frequency -lrb- einstein -rrb- are only visible from further away . combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen . this classic optical illusion was created several years ago by neuroscientists at the massachusetts institute of technology .
prime minister david cameron narrowly topped the polls assessing who ` won ' the two-hour clash against six other parties in an unusual format for britain . 33 per cent of the 7.4 million viewers hailed cameron as ` the most impressive ' on the subject of the economy . pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be cameron or ed miliband who takes the top job in an inevitable coalition after votes are cast .
mother-of-one jennifer drew , 31 , has spent an hour searching for deals and coupons . she has accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a whole room of her house as well as her garage . among the hoard of products are 20 bottles of mouthwash , 52 bottles of baby lotion and shampoo , and stacks of dog and cat food .
researchers from london and edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human . using met office data , the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating detailed reports . if the project is successful , a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the bbc 's website .
samantha giufre , 19 , was dragged behind a car in casula , south-west of sydney . she suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face , along with bleeding on her brain on september 7 , 2014 . cctv footage shows the moment she was towed behind the car before being found in a gutter on myall road in south west . her parents have been by her side since the horrible day .
the self-made multi-millionaire bought the property off-plan in the city 's upmarket park circus area after splitting from husband michael in december 2011 . she paid # 780,700 for the duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013 . it now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than # 1 million .
the protesters mounted admiralty arch , which joins trafalgar square with the mall , and called for others to join them . it is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight , as a garbled message posted on facebook by the group simply calls for ` christmas lights ... any and all radical/revolutionary messages ' .
denise huskins , 29 , was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers on march 23 , then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents ' home . after her ` release ' police accused them of staging the kidnapping , a claim they both strongly denied . this comes one day after the kidnappers claimed they monitored huskins ' boyfriend aaron quinn -lrb- above -rrb- after the kidnapping so he would not go to police , which is why he did not call
japan 's defence minister has assured mps there has been no alien breach of japanese airspace . nakatani said no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way . he said the country 's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object .
lady penelope and her faithful chauffeur aloysius parker have been given slight tweaks for the 2015 remake of thunderbirds . five . one thunderbirds are go ! again ! yes , 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world , itv is bringing it back . however , the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures .
audrey dimitrew , 16 , of virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 chantilly juniors in november believing she would get playing time , but was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team . the sophomore at woodgrove high school and her family sued the chesapeake region volleyball association on march 10 after they said she was accepted to another club but was denied the transfer from her league .
danel hall jr was walking down the street in centre point , alabama , when a man was chased by a neighbourhood dog . a third person suddenly starting shooting at the animal , but stray bullets hit danel in the stomach and the second pedestrian in the buttocks . the bullet narrowly missed his liver and he was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery to save his life .
experts have dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the five-second rule , but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play . food safety information council spokeswoman rachelle williams said we need to consider the type of foods before picking something up off the floor and eating it .
geraldine alcorn , 29 , of pittsburgh , and her attorney declined to comment as they walked from a city magistrate 's courtroom wednesday . in exchange for the waiver , which means alcorn must now stand trial on the charge or take some kind of plea bargain . prosecutors dropped two other misdemeanors she faced : luring a child into a vehicle and corruption of minors .
the nbc sketch show parodied the daytime cnn newsroom , which turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering . but the ingenious producers for the skit managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the germanwings crash , u.s.-iran diplomacy , and domestic politics .
the state board of parole hearings granted parole to 63-year-old james schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the california man , the fresno bee reported . details of the decision to release schoenfield were not immediately available . he abducted the children and then kept them ` buried alive ' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $ 5million ransom .
luke shambrook , 11 , was last seen on the national park at 9.30 am on good friday . it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . search crews have rushed to the location and police remain comfortable that the young boy is still alive . luke has been missing for four days .
the popular street artist is believed to have ventured into gaza earlier this year , leaving behind four murals - including an image depicting the greek goddess niobe cowering amid the rubble . that painting , titled ` bomb damage , ' was drawn on the metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two-story house belonging to the dardouna family in northern gaza . but unaware that banksy 's works are usually valued at hundreds of thousands of pounds , rabie d
jon huxley , 46 , is looking at ` developing ' his premises to cater for swingers . he hopes the craze in fifty shades of grey can help transform his business . he has decided to appeal to the swinging community after rowing with the council over the use of grade-ii listed building .
summer michelle hansen , 32 , of california entered a guilty plea in february to 16 felony counts related to the sex acts which included seven counts of oral copulation of a minor , six counts of statutory rape and three counts of distributing pornographic material to a child . the mother of three was told during the sentencing on friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life . if she had been convicted at trial , hansen would have faced 13 years in prison if
a total lunar eclipse occurs when the moon is completely in the earth 's shadow . wet and cloudy weather was to blame in sydney , where the observatory said the short lunar began at 10.58 pm and finished at 11.03 pm . the lunar eclipse was captured from behind leaves illuminated by a street light in canberra on saturday .
18-year-old climbs up some of the city 's tallest buildings , without ropes or harnesses , before sitting on precarious ledges . photographs include some shot 72 storeys above street level , showing his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers .
facebook app is designed to survey the health of millions of social network users . genes for good is a facebook app designed to surveys the health . it was set up by biostatisticians from the university of michigan . it is available for free from facebook 's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the us .
louis jordan , 37 , was picked up by a german-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing . he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat , angel , which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of cape hatteras .
around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014 . unlike crufts prizewinner jagger the irish setter , who died last month . painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning , followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate , which can cause sickness , diarrhoea and fits and trigger heart problems .
marylin stoneman had been entrusted with the vulnerable victim 's pin number , cheque books and bank cards to manage his financial affairs . but the 64-year-old admitted stealing # 22,650 from the elderly victim but was ordered to pay back just # 1,350 - which was all that remained of the stolen funds .
chloe the wombat , who first made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last december . she recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas . as she rolled over to snuggle up , the echidna moved away but chloe still rested her eyes for a moment before getting up .
abc is filming a pilot episode of the muppet show , in the hopes of bringing the beloved variety show back to the small screen . the network has asked big bang theory co-creator bill prady to mastermind the revival , which would see the return of kermit the frog , miss piggy , fozzie bear and other old favorites .
a first on the larger bra market , tutti rouge 's jessica features removable cookies -lrb- light foam pads -rrb- to give ample bosoms the option of extra oomph . ashley james , who starred in made in chelsea , models the bold collection in a new set of images .
former england footballer launches scathing attack on the head of ukip . poll shows 40 per cent of voters think david cameron is ` most capable of leading the country ' . others backed snp leader nicola sturgeon and others put ed miliband ahead . debate spurred a flurry of reaction from footballing stars on twitter .
four hundred-person mass brawl broke out friday night at resorts world casino in queens , new york . video of the fight sees a crowd of people erupting from a bar area , punching , kicking , shouting and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons . the carnage spilled out into the parking lots , where police and security guards tried to calm things down .
michelle obama and jimmy fallon appeared on the tonight show on thursday night . in a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 , the pair partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of i like the way you move . it was a follow-up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013 , in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids .
lt. col. anthony shaffer said on fox news ' the o'reilly factor on monday night that bowe bergdahl ` had afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the taliban ' . the former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 naval criminal investigative service investigation .
eu has been investigating us search engine for five years following complaints it abuses its dominance in the continent . but proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions . if found to have been behaving unfairly , google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues , which would be more than # 4billion based on last year 's performance .
the total lunar eclipse will turn the moon a burnt reddish orange . it will be visible in the skies of north america , asia and australia . it is the third in a series of four blood moons , with the final one expected on september 28 . the strange celestial sight suggests a world-changing event will take place , as predicted in the bible .
lizzie borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their fall river home in 1892 . she was acquitted , but her innocence is questioned even today . the historic home where the murders occurred is still standing . it is located next to the bristol superior court house where the murder trial of former new england patriots player aaron hernandez is taking place .
internet companies iinet limited , internode , amnet broadband , dodo services , adam internet and wideband networks were all affected by the ruling . justice nye perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the copyright holder of the film could claim directly from each individual . iinet has warned its customers to expect speculative invoicing .
french health minister marisol touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking . they look down on our food , our weather and even our language . now france has cocked a snooty nose at our drinking habits , too . is blaming us for exporting them across the channel .
only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the uk in 2040 under the proposal . normal petrol and diesel engines which make up vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred . mr clegg took a short break from campaigning and takes part in go ape haldon forest park near exeter today .
the ` hospital waiting-room-style ' signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families . the behaviour of some youngsters is so horrendous that staff have refused to teach them . some 82 per cent of 3,500 nasuwt members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months .
maxwell morton , 16 , has been charged with murder in the death of 16-year-old ryan mangan at mangan 's home february 4 . morton 's lawyer and family insisted he and the victim were friends and there was no animosity between the two boys . during a hearing wednesday , a police officer testified that morton was trying to take a picture of mangan with the cellphone aimed down the barrel of the gun before pulling the trigger .
the big brother star , who has her own walk-in-wardrobe at home , says that launching her own range of clothes and accessories is a ` dream come true ' . the glamour model 's new drop was inspired by the seventies influence spotted on the ss15 catwalks .
mike heatlie , 42 , launched the violent attack on fiona mccartney outside a nightclub in edinburgh because she did not give him a cigarette . heatlie was once voted as one of the city 's most eligible bachelors and claims to have helped train stefani before her 2009 u.s tour . at the time , she described him as ` superman ' . but she is now facing a # 7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her
the incredible works of art were inspired by faberge 's famous jewelled eggs . each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work . yellow bee cake company 's amazing violet and gold carousel which features cakes as rides instead of the usual animals .
nick cousins , 57 , was arrested over alleged ` ill treatment ' of blanca cousins . she died in the early hours of tuesday after falling from the family 's luxury apartment in hong kong . mr cousins was also questioned over claims his filipino partner , grace garcia cousins , 53 , had overstayed her visa by 20 years .
amedy coulibaly stormed into the hyper cacher jewish store , killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire . the heavily televised events in eastern paris came two days after cherif and said kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine charlie hebdo . lawyers claim french media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air .
syed viqaruddin , who had links to a network of feared terrorist groups , is understood to have asked the police van to stop in a deserted area . but when the blue bus stopped at 10am , another of the prisoners ` tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape ' . the five men were all killed in the shooting , while just one of the 17 officers guarding the group was left with minor injuries .
raymond frolander , 18 , was beaten to a pulp by the furious father after he walked in on the teenager performing a sexual act on his son last july . after frolander 's arrest , police released his mugshot , which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes , black bruises and lacerations to his face . now , the defendant has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison by circuit judge leah case after pleading no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation
maggie , 53 , wraps a protective arm around the baby orangutan who she has been raising for the past ten months . zookeepers nervous that maggie might reject kecil after raising four of her own children and another surrogate which was given to her in 2002 . when the pair appeared in front of news crews earlier today , kecil began crying after losing sight of maggie for a few moments .
qatar airways flight landed at birmingham airport on monday night . severe winds foiled two landing attempts at manchester , where plane was due to arrive . passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive at the airport .
diwalinen vankar , 58 , had gone with her 19-year-old daughter kanta to the bank of the vishwamitri river , 40 kilometres from vadodara , in west india . as they were wringing out their laundry , a mugger crocodile grabbed kanta 's right leg and dragged her into the murky river . but the quick-thinking mother then decided to attack the crocodile - that can grow up to 15 feet long - with
andy murray beat tomas berdych 6-4 in the final of the miami open . it will be murray 's first masters level final since he won the title in what is his home from home two years ago . the scot will face his nemesis novak djokovic in straight sets .
the blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs . the female blue tit was on her way to work from her home just outside copenhagen , denmark , when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post . a blue tit will create a short circuit and be killed .
the queen was just eight when she first attended the maundy day service . the then princess elizabeth was photographed in her smart bonnet and buttoned-up coat . it would be another 18 years before her coronation , the queen yesterday gave out coins in the pre-easter tradition .
police were called to boonies bar in west palm beach on friday night after getting a report about a woman who was offering oral sex in exchange for money . the bar manager also told police the woman , beatrize carrion-moore , was ` extremely intoxicated ' . she was charged with trespassing after warning , resisting arrest with violence and battery on a law enforcement officer .
shao 's boyfriend , xiangnan li , 23 , was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive . he bought a one-way ticket to china in the days after his girlfriend went missing and has disappeared . the pair had met studying english in beijing in 2011 .
haley mulholland has to sleep on the living room sofa in bristol . the mother-of-eight says that while she does not want her husband , she does n't want any other woman to have him either . the 45-year-old monitors her husband 's movements , checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman 's perfume .
ben morgan has not played since breaking his left leg during an aviva premiership game against saracens in early january . the gloucester no 8 is hopeful of playing a part during england 's warm-up period ahead of the tournament kicking off in mid-september .
dr milton wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in earth 's stratosphere for several years . he claims the organisms test positive for dna and have masses that are ` six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from earth to this height ' . he has been dismissed by the scientific community .
jose alberto , 58 , found dead in san jose de balcare , eastern argentina . neighbours called local council to report smell coming from his house . ` straw had been stuffed inside old clothes that had been sewn together to make the scarecrow , ' said prosecutor 's office .
11,549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study , which then broke down the statistics in terms of which courses each person was enrolled on . nine per cent of physicists declared that they were still virgins . history of art , philosophy , languages , business and politics all followed with just two percent of students revealing they are still .
steven abberley , 28 , threw marbles at mps and shouting ` you are all just liars ' . he then threw glass balls from the public gallery , but missed mps . ab berley told police he had daubed words ` the enemy within ' in red paint .
a 26-year-old employee at ceva logistics in the 24400 block of glendale avenue in redford reportedly had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until tuesday morning . police confirmed that the woman , who has not been named , delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead .
a new hashtag has popped up on social media site instagram exposing some of these ` awful ' that things parents do to their children - such as giving them a bath - and putting them in their high chair -lrb- so mean -rrb- . most of the photos show children crying , followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so .
man , 45 , underwent the ` world 's most complex ' face transplant . surgeons , nurses and anaesthesiologists took part in the operation in february . x-rays show the man before and after the surgery . other specialists from the hospital 's plastic surgery and liver transplant departments were also brought in to advise on the procedure .
 inscriptions found in naours - a two-hour drive north of paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare . site 's proximity to the battlefields , where more than a million men were killed or wounded , adds to the discovery 's importance .
in a world where girls grow up fast , should these online hot or not videos really surprise us ? half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat , with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets . ` if we say you are not pretty or good looking , do n't get offended , ' pipes up eleanor .
 scar booth , which is available from the apple itunes store for 79p , offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - and its makers boast : ` your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating ' . anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising , or ` glorifying ' abuse and brutality .
the gilmore gas filling station was a backdrop for was listed as a los angeles cultural monument in 1992 . it became a filming location soon after with wacky weatherman harris k. telemacher -lrb- steve martin -rrb- stopping to fill up with lover sara mcdowel prior to attending a fundraising event .
the cable company complained to the better business bureau 's national advertising division -lrb- nad -rrb- that the ads featured a number of false claims and the watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign 's claims could n't be substantiated . the series of ads , which launched last october , featured the 50-year-old actor playing two characters : a handsome lowe in a slick suit who is always the directv customer and then an ` odd or awkward alter-
the eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the easter break . they bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown ` speckle ' designed to make it look like a quail 's egg -lrb- cadbury mini eggs are pictured -rrb- . the egg bear an striking similarity . to the sweet sweet sweet treat .
the hospital of dolls , or ospedale delle bambole , was built 60 years ago and today their descendants , federico squatriti , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina continue the family tradition . some of the toys have been left to rot in the rome studio , while others have been painstakingly restored .
researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from thesterkfontein caves to gauge its age . the findings may have important implications about evolutionary relationships among humankind 's ancient relatives . our genus , homo sapiens , appeared roughly 200,000 years ago .
researchers from cambridge university and oxford brookes university say new diseases carried by modern humans may have led to the downfall of neanderthals . they have found evidence that our prehistoric cousins would have been infected by diseases such as tuberculosis , typhoid , whooping cough , encephalitis and the common cold . but anthropologists say that the extinct species could be taking revenge on us from beyond the grave by making us more vulnerable to potentially killer diseases .
clare hines , then 27 , from darra in brisbane , had suffered epileptic seizures for 10 years but had recently noticed that her balance was gone and she was struggling to hear out of her right ear . after a number of tests doctors discovered she had a benign tumour that had wrapped itself around her acoustic , facial and balance nerve . one week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant . she went against doctors ' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son
the food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to evans ' recent paleo controversies . this comes at the same time that evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook ` bubba yum : the paleo way ' will become a self-published digital book to be released this month . the book is reportedly set for release online amidst the controversy .
rebecca eldemire , 21 , was shot repeatedly in the face with a .357 magnum by her boyfriend , 27-year-old larry tipton . he laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself . he then took his own life in oxford , ohio on sunday morning .
researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna-like fragments may have come with ` instructions ' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago . the main job of rna is to transfer the genetic code to create proteins from the nucleus to the ribosome . this prevents the dna from having to leave the nucleus , and protects it from damage .
sarah 's face was transformed after the exercises . facial exercises have been around as long as youth . the go-to expert is carole maggio , the la-based creator of facercise , with a celebrity and royalty-packed-packed celebrity fan . he says he has never tried a cigarette and the facial stretches i 've been doing for 30 years .
the students were accepted as freshmen by the university in gainesville for the fall after sending in applications for traditional first-year slots . but after reading their congratulations notices , they apparently realized they would need to agree to spend their entire first year taking classes on the internet . the classes are part of a new program - the pathway to campus enrollment -lrb- pace -rrb- which started in 2015 .
gillian nelson , 34 , died after complications arose with his birth . he was called to princess royal university hospital in bromley , kent . she had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25 am on january 28 . he stayed in the room with his wife until she was taken to theatre .
the dome-like hue go can be controlled wirelessly from any ios or android device via the philips hue app or any app developed for the lamp . the bridge is what links the app to the hi-tech bulbs . linked to wi-fi , it can connect up to 50 bulbs at a time .
the university of houston said in a statement tuesday that it was paying mcconaughey speaking fees totaling $ 135,000 plus travel expenses , as well as a $ 20,250 commission to the celebrity talent international booking agency engaged by the university . meanwhile , the university says the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future .
isis leadership dominated by ex-members of the late iraqi dictator 's military . almost all of the regional commanders appointed by isis ' leader and self-declared caliph , abu bakr al-baghdadi , played prominent roles in the baathist army before the 2003 invasion of iraq .
scott suggs , 28 , and brandy kangas , 36 , were arrested after police received an anonymous tip about their children , a 17-month-old boy and two girls , aged three and four . when police arrived at their home in fredericksburg , virginia , last december , they discovered the youngsters locked in a ` sparsely furnished ' room . the room was stained with human urine and feces and had a homemade ` gate ' , which the children appeared to
isis entered the yarmouk camp as jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the syrian side between rebels and government forces . the militants , who already control large swaths of territory in northern syria , reportedly entered the camp from the nearby hajar aswad neighborhood in southern damascus . if isis manage to gain full control of large parts of the camp , the jihadis can potentially use the camp as a base from which to threaten the heart
 chiropractor gertrude pitkanen took babies from their mother 's arms seconds after they were born and handed them to their adoptive parents . the transactions formed the basis of a lucrative , illicit market that started in butte , montana , in 1920s . most of the children who were victims of this horrific crime have now aged , have families and have forged their own lives .
huw davies , 34 , has applied for more than 500 jobs since graduating from the university of glamorgan in 2002 . despite his strong academic background , he has been unable to secure a job and says he ` has n't got the foggiest ' about what he is doing wrong .
faith and hope howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on may 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus . when they arrived on thursday , everything had been removed apart from a bunch of flowers , pebbles and toys over the past 11 months . the twins were buried at pinegrove memorial park in western sydney 's west . the family and friends had built up a small memorial with pink and white statues
sabrina broadbent tetzner , 32 , fled the flds sect headed by warren jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children last week . but when she tried to pick up her children , she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids . they even tried to put a cow and chickens into her vehicle , ' ex-cult member flora jessop , who helped tetzners through her legal battle , told ksl
clare goldwin says she will sometimes fork out for boden 's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself as she does n't want to be labelled a boden ` yummy mummy ' . for many years , boden made a success of its appeal to the ` sloane ' market .
the family consisted of a black mother and a white father who were with their nine-year-old son . the man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed ` hey n ***** s ! ' at them on friday and drove away . several bystanders witnessed the incident , including a local news reporter for wcsh 6 and wlbz 2 , jackie ward .
the current crop of male leads smouldering all over our television screens are rocking a ` pretty but gritty ' look that makes colin firth 's erstwhile mr darcy look positively hygienic . shows such as poldark , vikings , outlander and game of thrones are dressing up their key actors in breeches , leather and chain metal .
nikram choudhury has been accused of sexual advances by six women . the 69-year-old founder of bikram yoga has denied the accusations . he said women love him so much he would n't need to rape them to get sex . speaking out for the first time since six women filed civil lawsuits .
photographer katja wassermeyer-photographer . com is one of the many photographers who has embraced the trend . this selfie posted by jennica gomez of big lips , white nails and grey hair creates a cool statement . the page has been viewed half a million times and counting .
pictures show a wide divide between aspirations set out for girls and boys . girls offered pink beautician 's outfits while males are offered doctor 's uniforms . products intended for infants are equally polarised , with babygros for girls emblazoned with a slogan that reads : ' i hate my thighs ' .
author , who is deaf and blind , was somehow pushed into publishing the forthcoming go set a watchman , and launched two investigations into the circumstances surrounding the launch . many feared outside influences were at play as lee , who lives in an nursing home in monroeville , alabama , had said for decades she wanted to kill a mockingbird to be her only published novel .
mick schumacher made his pre-season test debut in formula 4 at the oschersleben circuit in germany . the 16-year-old , whose father won the formula 1 championship seven times , reached the new category after seven years of karting in what is seen as a stepping stone for junior drivers hoping to reach the top .
chris and nicole peppelman were found dead inside their lower moreland , pennsylvania home tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons . both mr and mrs peppelman had chainsaw cuts to their body , montgomery county district attorney says only mr peppelman 's death is being classified as a homicide .
last week she was barely showing , but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show 's latest addition . within ten minutes of tomorrow night 's episode , fans will see aidan turner 's dashing ross poldar gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter . as sunday 's new heartthrob , women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding cornish gentleman .
kalman kallai enjoyed the spectacular scenery from the comfort of a green chair . he journeying from borden , ontario to comox , british columbia for work purposes . he believed his journey would be more interesting if he used it as an opportunity to see more of his country .
the fire broke out in a non-production building , creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away as 200 firefighters battled the blaze . production ceased and workers at the facility had been evacuated and sent home . there were no known injuries in the fire , which is thought to have started around 7am friday morning .
all saints church in wolverhampton re-scheduled the service today . it marks the start of easter celebrations so vulnerable women can attend . decision comes after prostitutes were left disappointed when the drop-in sessions were cancelled on christmas day and new year 's day . religious leaders have praised the initiative as reflecting the core values of christianity .
the cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes . it helped bbc1 deliver strongest start to a year for a decade . broody ross will return for another series , alongside actress eleanor tomlinson . about 8.1 million people on average have watched each episode .
french president francois hollande said some militants were killed and others captured . but there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time . the dutchman appeared in a video posted in november by al qaeda in the islamic maghreb .
australian families will indulge in tonnes of chocolate , millions of hot cross buns , and mountains of fresh seafood and meat . the easter weekend forecast for the balmy mid-twenties celsius , australians can still enjoy their favoured seafood lunches . sales of lobster , oysters , prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent .
jennifer houle , 22 , vanished from a bar in minneapolis in the early hours of friday and was later captured on surveillance footage as she walked alone on the 10th avenue bridge . authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge , which is 110ft above the river . following days of searches , a body was recovered on wednesday .
the 26-year-old south african bombshell oozes old hollywood glamour in the series of shots , which see her don a platinum blonde wig , a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick . max factor is the brand widely accredited for transforming monroe from a mousey brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 .
mike whitehead was standing against labour 's alan johnson for the tories . claimed he was joining ukip after becoming ` disgusted ' at the behaviour of ruling conservative group in his area . but tories this morning revealed they had already dropped mr whitehead as their candidate .
the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city who not only want exposure for their new business . also to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them . there are four billboards -- two in manhattan and two in bushwick in brooklyn -- which went up about a month ago .
lindsey walker booked in for overnight stay at rex hotel in whitley bay , north tyneside . her partner and two-year-old son set out for their only holiday of the year . wallpaper hanging in shreds , holes in the walls , broken tiles and lingering filth from previous occupants .
amber rachdi , now 24 , from troutdale , oregon , weighed 11st - the same as the average adult woman . after doctors warned she would be dead by the age of 30 , she plucked up the courage to make a change and has since lost 20st in a year .
antonio valente , from dallas , texas , first learned of the ruse when he received a message from marianne heinrich , who lives in vienna , two weeks ago , he told nbc dfw . she told him that someone using the name ` johnson michael lynn ' had created a fake facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter . after a few weeks of friendly conversations with hein rich , the man said he wanted to marry her and move
kim callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children . became worried that her size was causing her to look like a man . slimmed down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions . the housewife 's diet consisted mainly of convenience foods like chicken kiev , deep-fried chicken , potato croquettes and burgers .
scientists from the university of california santa barbara and co-founder of the university . they found the new archael virus changes uses ` docking tips ' - purple area - to infect bacteria . they now believe it may be viruses like this that hold the secret that have allowed archae bacteria to adapt to some of the harshest environments on earth .
piper and william kulk were involved in a fatal two-car collision on new south wales ' central coast at about 5.15 pm on saturday . they were travelling with their mother , chantelle boddy , 54 , and elder brother daniel , 12 , when it is believed their holden astra aqua-planed spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road . all three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the wet weather
the unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent , the labor department said in its monthly report friday . the march jobs data raised uncertainties about the world 's largest economy . employers now appear wary about the economy , especially as a strong dollar has slowed u.s. exports , home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending .
cleopatra 's daily donkey-milk baths , which she believed had anti-ageing and skin smoothing properties thanks to the alpha hydroxy acids , apparently required over 700 donkeys to accomplish . also bathed in rose petals to leave her skin smelling sweet . empress elisabeth of austria loved to conjure up her own face creams in the 19th century .
donny ray williams , who was once a staffer for the senate homeland security subcommittee , slipped an intern ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious . that same year , he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent , prosecutors say . despite admitting his guilt in december , d.c. prosecutors on friday asked that he not serve jail time because he is himself the victim of a crime - the effects of which will mar the remainder
chef ally lees , of alfie bird 's restaurant in birmingham , created the dish - which is three-foot in circumference - in time for easter . the overbearing dish contains a whopping 945g of protein , which is 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man .
bobbi ann house , 39 , who hit headlines in 2010 for conning over a dozen servicemen , is now wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying . this time it is both house and her new husband , zackerie house , 27 , who police are after , accusing the couple of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $ 13,500 . the purchases started in western oregon in early march , then moved through oregon coastal towns and into colorado
the country is due to repay a # 330million loan to the international monetary fund on thursday but there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment . deputy finance minister dimitris mardas said that greece will in fact make the payment on time . sources close to the ruling syriza party claimed the government was prioritising paying wages and pensions over any loans due .
louise redknapp says a wide leg trouser can come as a welcome relief from the skinny jean . skinny jeans have held court for quite a few years now and while they will never go out of style the wide leg will give you an alternative look . it 's not the first time this look has made a comeback since the seventies .
bob katter said the government believes billy gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence . he said he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past , and that he sympathised with mr gordon 's position . he announced on wednesday he will remain in the queensland parliament as an independent .
the new york police department 's internal affairs bureau is investigating the incident after the footage was posted online involving detective patrick cherry . one of the passengers in the car captured the exchange after the incident in west village . detective cherry was trying to park his hyundai without indicating when the uber driver known only as humayun honked his horn .
three former managers of the aids healthcare foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals in an effort to boost funding from federal health programs . employees were paid $ 100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies . the lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company 's california headquarters and spread to programs in florida and several other locations .
the western esplanade cul-de-sac of 11 white art deco houses with private beaches at the end of hove promenade . the sitcom featured impressionists playing celebrities such as michael caine and keith richards living as neighbours . in previous years you might have been greeted by paul mccartney , his then wife heather mills , or even by partying guests such as frank sinatra and ava gardner .
denise chiffon berry , 44 , and her son were driving in hawthorne , california on wednesday afternoon when they passed by three men in a cadillac . the mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene , but someone in the car did n't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy . ms berry died while her unidentified son survived .
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name . that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain . in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .
danny lambo , 37 , has bought his girlfriend natasha flynn , 29 , a # 10,000 bath . the bespoke gift , which is now available to buy , costs # 1,000 each time . he claims he is known as ` lambo ' because of his passion for lamborghinis .
kris wardle , who lives in leicester , thought his world was complete when he married his long-term girlfriend katrina in 2011 with her teenage son , mark , acting as best man . however , less than two years later , the hgv truck driver would be a widower , after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old mark .
colombian-born manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show . the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before contestant andrea had finished guessing .
brown said wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the state water resources control board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels . ` we 're in a historic drought and that demands unprecedented action , ' brown at a news conference held at echo summit in the sierra nevada .
svetlana lokhova , 33 , was driven to a breakdown by a campaign of sexual harassment by bullying male colleagues . she was awarded # 3.14 million for lost earnings , # 44,000 for hurt feelings and # 15,000 in aggravated damages by judges at the central london employment tribunal .
former big issue salesman and busker has sold more than four million copies of a street cat named bob and churned out multiple spin offs . the daily mail can reveal that despite his ample fortune , bowen continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit . since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out # 15,500 for bowen , who has a personal accountant -- to live in his housing association flat in haringey , north london .
 kilcoy state school in north brisbane is working with queensland health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area . parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there . the sunshine coast daily reports infectious diseases expert professor matthew cooper attributed the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend .
researchers at the university of connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces . in a study they found that the reverberations of sound help us locate the distance of , for example , a car passing round a bend or a person nearby . they said that echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and the source .
christopher bridger , 25 , from stevenage , hertfordshire , attacked three women . he was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges . the hcpc conduct and competence committee today removed him from the register after hearing his crimes and describing them as ' a serious breach of trust ' .
siobhan o'dell , 17 , from north carolina , had applied to the prestigious college in her home state , but on march 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make the grade . however , refusing to take no for an answer , she wrote back , saying : ` after careful consideration , i regret to inform you that i am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the fall 2015 freshman class at duke ' .
linsey starred in season 12 of bad girls club : chicago which aired in may 2014 on oxygen . no details or cause of death have been released . the network confirmed her passing in a statement on friday : ` we are deeply saddened by the loss of linsey ` jade ' berardi .
maria sevilla and her son , tyrone , will be forced out of the country within 28 days . the single-mum initially had her visa application rejected because her son 's autism would be a ` burden on the australian health system ' . the queensland disabilities minister called it a ` cold , heartless decision ' by the federal government .
kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the north korean capital pyongyang in december 2011 . but now that the country 's official three-year mourning period for kim jong-il has concluded , the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role .
brittany lyn hilbert of orlando , florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old . the victim 's identity has not been released . the alleged victim told police that the heated argument was over a friend that he ` did n't approve of hilsbert spending time with ' .
jaye cox and her husband matthew decided to deliver their daughter annabelle prematurely on may 5 last year after scans showed she had developed a serious form of spina bifida . the couple were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived . after they made the decision to give birth prematurely , the cox 's contacted angel gowns to help the couple create a dress from jaye 's wedding gown to bury her . after the decision , the couple made the decision
japanese engineers have pushed the clone of transvestite entertainer matsuko deluxe into the limelight . the late-night television personality shared the stage with his ` matsukoroid ' doppelganger for the first time on saturday night . mr deluxe said it was ` fascinating ' come face-to-face with his lookalike .
pm took advice from martial arts pupils about best way to deal with ukip leader . sensing he may have gone too far with the threat to wrestle his opponent . mr cameron later backtracked , insisting there will be ` no bodily contact ' . all of the party leaders have spent the day preparing for tonight 's debate .
four out of ten britons betting on the grand national won last year by pineau de re , centre , make their choice purely down to the name of the horse . a surprising 60 per cent said their secret superstition was to have the same family members gathered around the tv watching the race every year .
the latest salvo in an ongoing struggle between property developers to build or maintain rent-stabilized apartments alongside luxury units that go for thousands of dollars more a month . other building have installed so-called ` poor doors ' for use by tenants while full-rent residents get to use the front door .
the book was created by robert streeter and robert hoehn in the 1930s . it has been republished and is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers . the answers can be found at the bottom of the page . rearrange letters so as to make the name of a living creature .
mehmet selim kiraz died after two members of revolutionary people 's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse in istanbul . the 46-year-old turkish prosecutor was killed in hospital after a gun pointed at his head to social media in the process . turkey has since threatened to block access to google unless images of the siege are removed from its search function .
investigators said they had a difficult time confirming bin hir 's death because he was killed in a gruesome raid that went awry and left 44 police commandos dead . the reward offered by the us state department for the arrest of bin h ir , who was believed to be behind numerous bombing attacks in the philippines .
ed miliband said it was ` not good enough ' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next . he said a labour government would give workers the right to demand a ` regular contract if they do regular hours ' . comes after david cameron struggled to say if he could live on a zero-hours contract after being grilled by jeremy paxman last week .
jennifer barnett worked archway school in stroud , gloucestershire , between 1980 and 1997 when she left teaching to have her fourth child . the 60-year-old died last september , 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos .
avril lavigne has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her . the 30-year-old said the debilitating bacterial infection is the reason behind her months-long absence from the public eye . she is pictured here at her 30th birthday party in las vegas when she was fully suffering the effects .
the nrl head of football todd greenberg revealed that the match review committee would ` look very closely at ' their behaviour . klemmer reacted after being sent to the sin bin for dissent after yelling ` you 're off your f **** ing face ' . the nrl judiciary code of procedure states contrary conduct refers to ` the misconduct on the part of a player constituted by behaving in a way that is contrary to the true spirit of the game ' .
tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham in the early hours of wednesday morning . his daughter was taken to birmingham children 's hospital with breathing difficulties . the infant , who is believed to be a twin , died later that day after suffering ` several injuries ' .
sue townsend , author of the bestselling adrian mole books , left # 1,106,163 in her will . the novelist , who died aged 68 in april last year , achieved huge success . book , which told of the life and loves of an angst-ridden teenager , was followed by seven sequels , selling in total more than eight million copies .
radar images from europe 's sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail . the information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram , which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the earth 's land mass . by comparing before and after images , scientists have discovered mount everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster .
kady marsh was in town for her best friend 's wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family . when she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel 's lounge area with baby isla , she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she could n't breastfeed because the area was for ` over 18s only ' . kady went back to where her friends were seated in the main bar , ` feeling a bit embarrassed ' .
mike hand became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with tumour on his spinal cord . 39-year-old is almost ready to leave st helen 's hospital after undergoing surgery and rehabilitation . but after he and his wife kate tried to claim for financial support to adapt their semi-detached home as they have no bathroom downstairs , they were told they were n't eligible .
gertrude weaver , 116 , of camden , arkansas , has become the world 's oldest living person . she attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair . the staff at the silver oaks health and rehabilitation center in camden said weaver is in good health .
the seaside town in the south hams district boasts a skyrocketing average property price . this is more then the average cost of property in some of the uk 's most expensive cities , including oxford , bath and edinburgh . the average value of a waterfront property in salcombe tops # 2million .
richard hutchinson , 40 , from thornaby-on-tees , north yorkshire , has been jailed for two years . the pair fell out over a debt of # 300 and felled him with one blow to the jaw . the married father said he lashed out because the pair had fallen out over money . he needed 16 days in intensive care and has now been jailed .
the woolly mammoth became extinct as a result of crippling bone disease . it was previously thought that the hairy beast simply died out from post-ice age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man . new theory is set to re-write the history books after the examination of more than 23,500 mammoth bones found them riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium .
oscar hbinette shredded through the snow on the tolbachik volcano on the kamchatka peninsula in russia . the adventure photographer looked on in amazement as oscar flew down the icy slopes , while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him .
the 28-year-old was diagnosed with the cancer seven months into her pregnancy . doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion . she had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis after suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure .
the daxing internet addiction treatment centre has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young , mostly male patients -- and claims to have ` cured ' 75 per cent of them . the centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin . the country 's government said internet addiction affects 24 million of its 632 million internet users .
the first generation ipad was revealed by the late steve jobs in early 2010 . it was met with derision by many technology experts , who failed to see how such a product would prove popular . at the time , blogger mg siegler from techcrunch said : ` is it a must-have ? the quick and dirty answer is : for many people , right now , no . unlike the iphone , which filled an already well-established need , there is no existing need the
arkansas republican gov. asa hutchinson said wednesday that he wo n't sign a religious freedom bill that his state 's legislature sent to him . he is sending it back to lawmakers , he said , for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal religious freedom restoration act -- which critics say better protected the rights of gays and lesbians .
jermaine kellman , 29 , marvin sempler , 30 , clinton jackson , 25 , and darren lewis , 34 , targeted the couple in their home in welwyn garden city , hertfordshire . verna fisher , then 81 , awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 july last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves . she tried to cry out for help , but the men continued to demand more
the child , whose name has not been released , suffered fatal injuries in the incident at grant elementary school in dumont , new jersey on march 6 and died later that day . on wednesday , police released a report after an investigation into his death . the fifth-grader had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent did n't say ` checkmate ' .
robert durst , 71 , was arrested on march 14 on charges of possession of a gun with a controlled substance . his defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching durst 's hotel room in the city without a proper arrest warrant . however , as a shackled durst appeared to be sleeping in the courtroom , the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing .
the ` finest ' steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year . it was originally named ena , the historic steam yacht in australia . it first undertook war service as hmas sleuthin world war i before it sank years later in 1981 near hobart after hitting an object underwater .
a 67-kilogram woman who ate only four mini solid chocolate eggs that contain 550 kilojules you 'll need to run for at least 40 minutes before the guilt , and the calories melted away . a man weighing in at around 80 kilograms could achieve the same in 30 minutes . if you wanted to munch on a small bunny there 's no avoiding the 2212 kg that come across a chocolate replica of the easter bunny himself .
crew aboard sea shepherd vessel bob barker found themselves taking on the role of saviours when the vessel did actually sink , started applauding and cheering . thunder , one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the southern ocean , sunk off the coast of africa on monday .
the idea has been in the pipeline for years , but now excavation work has begun to determine whether it 's possible to connect a modern heating system with an ancient hot spring . church of england 's ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of bath 's 45 c spring water . waste water currently filters out to the river avon but could be put to use under the new scheme .
president milos zeman has been criticised by ambassador andrew schapiro over his plans to attend the annual victory day parade in moscow . the chagrin of president zeman , the country 's prime minister together with czech lawmakers are siding with the american . he said zeman demonstrated a lack of ` diplomatic thinking ' .
houses with a waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more -- or # 38,831 -- than those in surrounding areas that were n't near a branch . but having a budget store such as an aldi or lidl on your doorstep means your house could be worth thousands of pounds less than others in your neighbourhood .
staff at scooter 's coffee , omaha , locked out of the page for almost 24 hours . instead of usual images of smoothies , coffees and cookies , the page was plastered with adult cartoons - similar to those posted on delta air lines and crayola 's pages after they were hacked .
lianne hindle died three hours after giving birth to longed-for baby girl . mother-of-four suffered a cardiac arrest at north manchester general hospital . the 37-year-old 's death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit . the deaths , along with those of four babies and two mothers at the royal oldham hospital prompted an investigation .
archbishop of canterbury called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance . in wake of slaughter of christian students in kenya and barbarity of islamic state militants , most reverend justin welby said the dead were ` martyrs ' . he said killing of christians had been a ` wicked ' development .
bette carrouze , 78 , from brighton , has no intention of hanging up dancing shoes . she regularly emerges from clubs in the early hours of the morning . the single mother of two is partying away her final years on brighton 's gay scene . the pensioner admits proffering a bus pass while ` stinking of vodka ' can be a bit embarrassing .
rekha nagvanshi , 30 , had turned on her husband 's parents at the home she shared with husband deepak , 34 , in the district of indore in central india 's madhya pradesh state . she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly . after moving back in , parents-in-law suraj , 60 , and her husband ajith , 55 , found out about the arrangement and tried to stop
adam rushton , 37 , took advantage of being a beat officer in longton , stoke-on-trent . he was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and two of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data . he denied ten charges of misconduct while employed by police . he has been with staffordshire police for ten years .
the 28-year-old flame-haired beauty recently spent a stint on the stage , starring in a west end production of david mamet 's speed the plow - for which she received lukewarm reviews . ` i go back to nyc and la for family and work . ' .
jennifer williams said she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but ` it does n't mean that i love them any less ' . conservative christian shop owners have recently come under fire after an indiana pizzeria made national headlines for being the first store to refuse service to gay customers under new legislation in the state .
photographer john massung was flying over sebastian inlet on thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach . massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended . a fellow photographer was even further out and saw the same scene .
china 's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 chinese citizens from danger zone . included 176 people from pakistan with the remainder from ethiopia , singapore , italy , germany , poland , ireland , britain , canada and yemen .
the 11 were convicted wednesday of racketeering for their role in a scheme to inflate students ' scores on standardized exams . the defendants - including teachers , a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student atlanta school system . the educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $ 5,000 each in bonuses .
morgellons disease has been described by those who suffer from it as causing fatigue and memory loss . also leading to large sores on the body which are constantly itching to the sensation of bugs or parasites crawling underneath the skin . from these sores they claim sprout colorful fibers that can not be forensically identified as animal , vegetable or mineral .
jamyra gallmon , 21 , has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly stabbing david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 . the woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him .
former irs official lois lerner wo n't be charged with a crime for defying a congressional subpoena and refusing to answer questions . u.s. attorney ronald machen dropped his bomb on congress just one day before leaving office to return to private legal practice . the house oversight and government reform committee had subpoenaed her after she refused to testify voluntarily about her role in the scandal .
more than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in holborn which apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables . but the blaze has now been brought under control it has not been put out entirely . firefighters and gas workers continue to tackle the flames in the kingsway service tunnel .
mary was born at alder hey children 's hospital in liverpool in january 2013 . her drug-user parents were reported to social services five times . small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found . a review released today has called for lessons to be learned .
tracy stratton claims her daughter suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at greenacres primary school in eltham , south east london . she claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house . psychologist diagnosed tianni with ptsd , she said .
ed miliband admitted he ` blubbed ' during british film pride that centres on 1984 miners ' strike and the plucky underdogs are a london-based group of gays and lesbians who travel to south wales to express their solidarity with the local branch of the national union of mineworkers .
joseph mcenroe , 36 , from carnation , washington , was convicted of killing four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007 by a jury last week . the same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole . in an attempt to spare his life , he told the court on thursday he ` thought ' he had to kill wayne anderson , 60 , and judy
samantha cameron has ruled out having another baby , days after she and husband david cooed over seven-week-old regan on a visit to chorley , lancashire . mrs cameron revealed her doctor has told her : ` no way , jose ' .
shauna mcglasson , 25 , from workington , was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles at the alice and wonderland ride at blackpool pleasure beach in august last year . she was carrying her three-year-old daughter lacey in her arms at the time and the toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself . this was the final straw for the full-time mum who had been left battling depression and anxiety after gorging on fast-food
david and margaret-ann rous were on an easter getaway when their plane crashed into hills during bad weather in the scottish highlands . couple arranged a secret visit using mr rous 's light aircraft to see his wife 's mother and sister on an island in the inner hebrides on saturday . but when the couple failed to turn up at the island 's airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane , a search party was scrambled
the 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on tuesday at augusta national , and golf channel said he was seen on the practice range friday morning at the club . ` it 's obviously very important to me , and i want to be there , ' woods said on his website . woods announced on friday that he will play next week in the masters .
mcdonald 's announced wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full - and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate . it expects the average wage to be more than $ 10 an hour by the end of 2016 , up from the current rate of $ 9 an hour .
jen psaki thought the offer to be president barack obama 's communications director would n't last long . she figured white house chief of staff denis mcdonough had n't heard she 's expecting a baby girl in july . ` my immediate instinct in my head was to tell him i 'm pregnant and this will be the end of this . he 'll tell me good luck and be very kind about it and i 'll be on my merry way , ' said ps
jessica ainscough , 30 , died in late february after a seven-year battle with cancer . she spurned chemotherapy and radiation choosing to fight the cancer . after discussions with ` oncologists , healers and specialists around the world ' , in her final weeks - the most ` difficult ' weeks of her fight .
the man , wearing an orange high-vis jacket , could be seen leaning out the sliding door of the black vauxhall vivaro van as it hurtled down the m40 near oxford . he appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the kj rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg out of the vehicle . today his boss , who has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing , revealed that the man claims he was only doing it because he
peter stringfellow , 74 , and his daughter poppy , 76 , are expecting a sibling for their 20-month-old daughter . peter was 76 when poppy came along last may , making me , i believe , the oldest living british new father . so what advice could i give to other would-be septuagenarian fathers ? well , i know from experience that two children are more than twice the work of one .
carly fiorina , a former hewlett packard head and maybe republican presidential candidate , said it ` has suffered from droughts for millennia ' . ` it is a man-made disaster , ' she said , ` with different policies over the last 20 years , all of this could be avoided ' .
australia 's biggest venomous snake has produced a huge ` shot ' for reptile wranglers on the nsw central coast . in an enormous yield , four-metre long king cobra raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler billy collett . the toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake .
tara mcintyre , 24 , was left virtually wheelchair-bound after ben hagon 's high-powered mercedes sports car crashed into her at 75mph . she had just popped out to the shops in her small ka when she was hit by the drunk-driver and suffered the life-changing injuries which included a fractured spine and pelvis . hagon , who already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003 , had taken prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice the legal alcohol limit
the 19-year-old model took inspiration from the keeping up with the kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback . she believes former victoria 's secret model karlie kloss is comfortable with her social media persona . the fledgling model 's meteoric rise as a professional runway model reportedly sparked the ire and resentment of some of her colleagues .
the melbourne sisters have teamed up with ` print all over me ' - an innovative online new york-based company that allows you to digitally design your own prints . introduced to the company via a mutual friend in the u.s. , the girls knew it was a match made in heaven .
beyonc , kelly rowland and michelle williams performed together since appearing at super bowl in 2013 in new orleans . the group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd , but they were n't introduced as destiny 's child - they were introduced by their individual names .
governor jerry brown observed the survey on wednesday . the fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as california depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs . as he stood in a brown meadow that 's normally blanketed in snow , gov. brown ordered sweeping , unprecedented measures to save water in the state .
brad pitt personally backed 104 homes in the lower ninth quarter of new orleans in 2012 . the star personally backed the building of 104 homes , decimated in the 2005 storm , which killed almost 2,000 . the timber was advertised as ` award winning green certified ' and was supposed to be guaranteed against mold , mildew and rotting for 40 years .
the motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the a39 between street and glastonbury in somerset on tuesday morning after becoming stuck behind the hgv for several miles . he gambled on finally passing lorry driver , nick townley , at a set of lights but badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph .
it was claimed that takako konishi believed the film fargo was real . after all the hit movie begins with the words ` this is a true story - when she was found dead in a mini-skirt and high-heeled boots in the frozen wastes of minnesota just days after arriving . this was all confirmed by a police officer from the small town of detroit lakes , who said he had spoken to the 28-year-old shortly after she turned up . he said
asia siddiqui , 31 , was arrested thursday in new york for allegedly hatching a terrorist plot with her former roommate , 28-year-old noelle velentzas . samir khan , an american citizen , was killed in a 2011 drone strike in yemen . but before that he published several articles in inspire , including a diy bomb-making guide which the boston bombers allegedly used to make their twin pressure-cooker explosives .
amanda holden will host rspca 's newbrook farm animal centre in birmingham . the british got talent judge is presenting a new series on itv . on give a pet a home , amanda and her co-stars , including loose women 's coleen nolan , olympic gold medallist denise lewis and former pussycat dolls singer kimberly wyatt .
students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual of promposals . with budgets for outfits , flowers , transportation , food and other sundries at around $ 1,000 for the average american high schooler , that means most intend to spend $ 324 on the once-simple query : will you go to prom with me ? ' .
atif saeed , 38 , from lahore , pakistan was in safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance . he crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames . unfortunately , the clicking sound of the camera 's shutter alerted the lion to mr saeed 's presence , who was forced to retreat quite rapidly from just 10 feet away .
the mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory , concentration , agility , perception and reasoning , which all contribute to a high iq . take the quiz below . adam kirby became the youngest person ever to join mensan in june 2013 at the age of just two and a half .
the tiny village of jose ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous , filed with pretty villas and sleek beach huts . rolling stone ronnie wood and restaurateur and playboy giuseppe cipriani are among the stars said to have escaped the spotlight by holidaying .
simon danczuk said it was ` unacceptable ' people who were prepared to join isis should be free to come home . comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in turkey . the 21-year-old son of labour councillor shakil ahmed is expected to return to the uk from turkey this week . coun ahmed , 45 , was photographed with labour leader ed miliband just weeks ago .
graeme oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including europe 's tribute to elvis in blackpool , the elvis weekender in bridlington , east riding of yorskshire . the 50-year-old even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series , called ` the kings of england ' .
violators will be jailed for ten days , during which time they will be made to take an ` islamic course ' . those who do n't will be fined and kept in prison until they pass . the introduction of the new laws were revealed by the anti-isis campaign group raqqa is being slaughtered silently .
ronstantin sivkov wrote a column for the military-industrial courier . he said russia should develop a small force that can cause tsunamis . he says the main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the us , which is ` moving to the borders or russia ' .
tim mcnaughton , 24 , is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to gun down a family friend before turning the gun on himself . in february 2012 , tim was issued with a ` shooter ' firearm licence by the northern territory police . in 2012 , he posted a photo of the license on the social media site he alarmingly wrote : ` mwahah do the realize what they have just done -lsb- sic -rsb- ' . the deaths are
a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - skin cells and the mysterious fairy circles in the namibian desert . the illustration on the left shows the distribution of skin cells , and the one on the right plots fairy circles , which are also arranged in polygons . desert fairy circles are considered one of nature 's greatest mysteries because no one knows how they form .
the department store has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog christmas trees , festive ornaments and decorations . it comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent # 7million on its tear-jerking 2014 christmas advert campaign featuring monty the penguin . with just days to go until easter , john lewis has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees . meanwhile , a 64cm high ` cambric and cream father christmas
the concerns around fiona stanley hospital , in southwest perth , were revealed to the west australian by unnamed sources . the move was based on reshuffling junior medical faculty . the hospital went on ` baby bypass ' when the maternity unit opened four months ago , due to an unexpectedly high number of women giving birth .
ashley jennifer white , 30 , and paul thomas , 32 , have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect . their 5-year-old son , noah , went missing from their home in dublin on the morning of march 22 as his mother slept with her infant daughter . noah 's body was found in a septic tank near the family home march 26 .
passengers ' hand luggage will be searched before they board at glasgow prestwick airport . ryanair refused to explain the reason behind its decision , but it follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour by inebriated travellers heading to the island for days of sun , booze and revelry .
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland , police sgt. ricardo cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the ms ryndam . the bodies were taken off the ship thursday night by a team of fbi crime scene investigators . authorities will not say how the couple died .
kayli henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old taos and his 20-year-old mother , sierra sharry , when the young mom asked the photographer if she could make their family complete . so henley took a photograph of smith from the family and , with a ghostly filter , fitted the image around his girlfriend and son , as if he were standing over them .
the 26-year-old royal was joined by boyfriend , virgin galactic 's dave clark , 31 , and looked glamorous in her knee-length black leather dress . visit site has identified the dress as the joseph a-line dress . missy skins iris leather dress at nasty gal , visit site .
the company of the state-of-the-art helicopter , textron , are yet to officially release a price but industry observers are listing it at a whopping $ 15million -lrb- # 10.12 m -rrb- for what looks effectively like a living room that can fly just about anywhere . once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule , the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity be able
the adventure has been re-created in a new film , showing the young princesses elizabeth and margaret as they wander incognito through the city streets . among the most curious viewers of a royal night out , released next month to coincide with the anniversary of ve day on may 8 , 1945 .
nicole kidman has been slammed by an american union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with etihad airways . the union has waged a public campaign against etihad and other united arab emirates airlines claiming they are well-known in our industry for their discriminatory labour practices . kidman stars in etihad 's new ` hollywood glamour ' global brand campaign .
figures show 90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14 . 10 per cent who could not amounts to 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week . shambolic situation responsible for as many as a quarter of a&e visits .
sofia davila , 21 , from buenos aires , would start chatting to men over facebook . when they did , she would spike their drinks and rob their homes after they fell unconscious . she was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystanders . diego escalante said he had been robbed after falling victim to ploy .
prince harry flew in an apache helicopter in afghanistan and braving sub-zero temperatures to trek across frozen wastes to the south pole . the 30-year-old will begin a month-long attachment with the australian defence force . he will also visit the war memorial and lay a wreath at the tomb of the unknown soldier , both in canberra .
nicola horlick , 54 , juggles child-rearing with boardroom duties . she said she had to breastfeed in the office while carrying out job interviews . her eldest daughter georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12 . she has children alice , 26 , serena , 24 , rupert , 21 , antonia , 18 , and benjie , 15 .
australian medical association wa president michael gannon said some of the instruments were found to contain blood and human matter . the hospital was stripped of its medical service provider serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in february . the company was fined $ 60,000 and was subject to department of health workers auditing its staff .
jay alvarrez and alexis rene love nothing more than travelling the world . the extreme sportsman is also a photographer and it helps when taking spectacular holiday photos that his girlfriend is a model . the pair share their stunning and carefree images on jay 's tumblr blog as well as on instagram .
 bunkie king , 60 , has revealed how her three-way relationship with australian actor jack thompson was when she was 15 years old sydney school girl . she was also involved with leona , who is nicknamed le . ms king said she decided to pen a novel during an argument with her son .
rick yoes , 57 , spent the weekend in jail trying to avoid paying $ 1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations for his lawn . grand prairie resident claims the city did n't do enough to warn him about the citations , which officials claim were sent out in the mail .
the wife of disgraced d.c. rabbi bernard ` barry ' freundel gave a speech on march 22 which alludes to her family 's recent scandal . in october , her husband was charged with spying on dozens of women who changed in their ritual bathroom . in february , the 63-year-old rabbi pleaded guilty to 52 misdemeanor charges of voyerism and he is set to be sentenced on may 15 .
jennifer mcgirr said the abuse started when the windows to the tower view hotel were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a ` premeditated ' attack . she also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on the reality tv show , where b&b owners visit each other properties and rate their stay .
fire started after the staffordshire-boxer cross was believed to have knocked one of the cooker knobs , switching on the hob . smoke began to fill the three storey home in peckham , south-east london , as owner allen mosey 's son , 21 , and his daughter 's boyfriend relaxed in upstairs rooms .
ralph body , up until march 29 , manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city , queens . the 41-year-old told the new york post he ` gave his life ' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked . but that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants -- by taking care of pets and watering plants , among other chores -- did n't sit well with the 2-year-
the fish , which lives in rocky crevices in the mediterranean sea and atlantic ocean and glides over the muddy sea floor , can whistle , croak and grunt . scientists have found that halobatrachus didactylus makes five types of calls not only to attract a mate , but to warn off rivals too may be trying to swipe their nesting site .
dr omar saadi al-atraqchi , 42 , admitted secretly filming men in the gym showers by cutting a hole in lynx shampoo bottles and concealing his iphone inside . he then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles so he could secretly film men next door to him . the doctor said he had set up the intricate device to ` let off steam ' because of the pressure at work , and claimed he felt isolated and confused about his sexuality .
the pdsa has warned that more than half of pets will be overweight in five years . around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight . carrots were named as the worst culprit as the vegetables are very high in sugar and so should only ever be given as the occasional treat , not as regular feed .
memorial display at dusseldorf airport reveals first picture of hero pilot . patrick sondheimer , 36 , tried to break down cockpit door to stop killer pilot . he left the cockpit in hands of co-pilot andreas lubitz , 27 , in order to use bathroom . but he ignored desperate pleas from colleague to let him back in .
the search began on queensland 's gold coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people 's pet cats and dogs . snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease ` it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia ' .
the ex bon jovi guitarist , 55 , allegedly told former business partner nikki lund he would ` dig a hole in the desert and bury her ' . he is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on march 19 . his shaken former flame decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later .
at least 35 workers have been killed as saudi arabian warplanes bomb shiite rebel positions in both the north and the south of the country . today 's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the red sea port city of hodeida , and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products .
arnold quintero , 21 , from san antonio , texas faces a string of charges after the girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker . he faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child , evading arrest and possession with intent to deliver .
tattoo-loving soldiers in the u.s. army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules . regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped . army chief of staff gen. ray odierno announced policy change at the association of the united states army conference in huntsville , alabama .
the grand mosque in abu dhabi is definitely a sight worth seeing . e-scapes is the world 's first ` virtual holiday ' experience on social media . for just the fraction of the price of a traditional ` holiday ' , the holidays take management of an individual 's social media profiles .
dan poulter saw his weight fell from 105kg to 102.5 kg , losing two inches off his 35in waist . his body fat fell from 24 per cent to 18 per cent . cooped up in the department of health , he admitted it is difficult to practice what he preaches on keeping healthy .
national union of teachers suggested government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead ` shut down debate ' in schools . they also claimed young people feel unable to express views on certain subjects , such as charlie hebdo killings , for fear of being branded an extremist . the conference heard an example of a student being pulled aside after prayers one friday because children coming out of the prayer room were talking about extremism .
billy-anne huxham , 18 , was found at 9.45 pm at aerodrome road in maroochydore , queensland . her ex partner carl garry chapman , 32 , has been detained and charged with a string of offences including assault , torture and deprivation of liberty .
researchers at wisconsin university in madison have been using computer algorithms to analyse whoops and songs produced by the apes . they found that predator ` hoos ' in particular were produced at frequencies well below the threshold of hearing for eagles and other birds of prey . this usually starts with a series of soft ` hoo ' noises that are only audible at close range but this rapidly grows to become much louder .
delmarva power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning . the utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on march 25 . rodney todd and his two sons then used a generator for power . they were last seen alive on march 28 .
giudice lost his driver 's license and was fined the maximum of $ 10,000 . he pleaded guilty in october to unlawful use of an id and impersonation . his guilty plea included an 18-month sentence . his wife , teresa , is serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges .
summer robertson from shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a picturesque beach in december near kenton-on-sea . the 21-year-old was with three other british members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the latitude youth volunteering group .
shadow chancellor refused to rule out trying to balance the books . number of people paying 40p tax has already risen from 2m to 5million in two decades . but tories have promised to lift threshold if they are returned to power . labour has vowed not to increase vat or national insurance as part of measures to bring down deficit if they win election .
gemma flanagan , 31 , from liverpool , was struck down by guillain barre syndrome . she was working for british airways when condition first struck . but the aspiring model is n't letting that hold her back as she makes her catwalk debut today . she assumed partying in six-inch heels during her stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs . for seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body , unable to move
karen davis , from port pirie in south australia , was captured streaking by a camera car for the popular google maps app . the 38-year-old mother ` pursued ' the google car to make sure she was captured exposing herself , and that it was an illegal act . ms davis will be summonsed to appear in the court at a date to be determined .
a refugee couple say an alleged racial attack on their own property has prompted their children to ask if they are ` really monkeys ' . footage of the incident shows a bitter and racially fuelled argument between neighbours that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar . wa police have charged a 51-year-old woman with a string of offences .
adam crapser , 39 , was issued with deportation papers by the department of homeland security in january and a hearing is set for april 2 . the father-of-three arrived in america with the name shin sonh hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister . however , his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive .
louis jordan , 37 , was stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina . he was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over . coast guard crew rescued him said he had a small smile on his face . he left hours later on friday in good health .
taliban propaganda release lavished praise on mullah omar in celebration of his 19th year as leader . taliban have reportedly seen defections to isis recently , with some insurgents expressing their disaffection with the one-eyed warrior-cleric who has not been seen since the 2001 us-led invasion .
islamist militant group has retreated from northeastern nigeria . boko haram 's reported use of children as shields and human bombs would , if confirmed , constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity . this comes in response to last week 's reports that hundreds of women and children had been seized from nigerian primary schools .
the man , ibrahim jalloh , along with another australian , bengali sherrif , were reportedly arrested at guangzhou airport in june 2014 . the young man arrived in australia from sierra leone with his mother , three sisters and brother eight years ago .
david fitzgerald , a san francisco based author , believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves jesus did not exist . he claims there are no contemporary mentions of jesu in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived . he also points to discrepancies in the early gospels of mark , matthew and luke .
chelsea manning has begun tweeting from behind bars at leavenworth military prison in kansas . the 27-year-old is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud after being convicted of leaking secret diplomatic cables to wikileaks . she also gave a shout out to tom morello , who heaped praise on her in turn .
john r. lind , 34 , admitted to tainting pat maahs ' drink with his semen . he masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away . initially , maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk in the office was spoiled . he will be sentenced for the misdemeanor on may 22 .
jeralean talley of inkster tops a list maintained by the los angeles-based gerontology research group , which tracks the world 's longest-living people . gertrude weaver , a 116-year-old arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days , died on monday .
randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ` fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds . his son then went about filming the moment of discovery . but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous , with randy 's six-year-old granddaughter porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror .
secret meeting between intelligence figures in moscow and washington reportedly revealed putin will consider any attempt to return the crimean peninsula to ukraine . notes from the meeting are also said to have revealed that putin is planning imminent ` destabilising actions ' in pro-western baltic states .
kourtnie a. sanchez , 25 , was arrested monday on charges including electronic solicitation , unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor . sanchez is believed to be a mother-of-three - was a student teacher at marshall elementary school in eureka during the fall 2014 semester .
iran 's president hassan rouhani has pledged to abide by the commitments of a nuclear agreement that promises to end years of crippling sanctions . residents danced in the streets , blared their horns and joyously waved their national flag following the breakthrough deal . mr rouhani also called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal .
the 18-year-old amateur jockey from hawick is propelled into an almost perfect 360 degree trajectory . his feet point directly to the sky as he continues through a spectacular and heart-stopping rotation that remarkably has all the grace of an olympic gymnast on his way to maximum points for artistic interpretation .
li chien , 30 , had been visiting a nearby pub in xiulin township , north-eastern taiwan 's hualien county , when his bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door . he grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour 's yard where he slit the throat of the mixed-breed called lucky .
the lawsuit , which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families , is seeking $ 1billion , claiming officials from hopkins approved the study at the time . the few victims who are still alive were almost all children when they were unknowingly infected . in the aftermath of the experiment , some of the individuals died of syphilis , with open sores covering their bodies , while those who did survive claim they passed the disease down to their children .
deborah fuller , 56 , dragged her dog tango for 400 metres behind her car . the rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws as well as grazing to his chest and a deep wound on his elbow . he is believed to have escaped from the boot of her car and was dragged along the single carriageway because his lead was attached to the tailgate . fuller has also been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated .
stuart wexler said the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth . the fbi disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a congressional committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of king and former president john f kennedy .
new official study puts the real figure at an average of 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second compared to 5.9 mbit/s per second on the 3g service that most people use . at the same time , the evidence suggests that 4g services are likely to slow down as more people connect to them .
the unnamed trader used perfect timing to capitalize on one of the biggest deals of the year when wall street journal mergers and acquisitions reporter dana mattioli took to twitter . seconds later , the trader had snapped up 3,158 contracts of altera , with each option contract giving them the right to purchase 100 shares .
donna oettinger , 41 , had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son zaki died on train tracks in south london in march 2013 . she had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy but was unable to receive the treatment recommended to her by doctors . her mental health had declined after discovering zaki 's father , an egyptian national who could not travel to the uk , had a second family .
the animal charity has no more legal actions left under the hunting act . follows criticism for spending # 22.5 million pursuing animal welfare prosecutions . the rspca has the power to bring its own prosecutions rather than rely on the police or crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- .
mohammed alam , sayed juied and sadek miah , 31 , raided 21 homes in west london , hertfordshire and surrey . over course of 11 months gang broke into 21 homes , taking a ferrari , porches , minis , paintings and cash worth # 1million , often waiting until home owners were on holiday before striking . if they found valuables were locked in a safe inside , they would simply cut the safe out , before cracking
new yorker sarah theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry , frizzy locks were smooth and shiny . when she asked for her secret , her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing , opting to partake in the ` no poo ' movement , which sarah had never heard of until that moment .
more than 600 people are part of the havasupai tribe , which is the smallest indian nation in america . they experience life in the village of supai , which has a cafe , general stores , a lodge , post office , school , lds chapel , and a small christian church .
rae johnston is one of the growing number of australians who are dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book , television show or movie characters . the 33-year-old sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the cosplay championships at this year 's oz comic-con .
officers executed search warrants at eagle medical practice and private address . hssd said following initial investigation a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the mignot memorial hospital and the general medical council was informed . the practice in olivier street is run by dr rory lyons . no arrests have been made .
the nauseating footage was captured on a camera phone at a school in portland , oregon , and shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before excitedly asking ` everybody ready ? ' . the teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the unlucky fellow-teacher 's crotch . amazingly , his co-worker stepped up and immediately took a second swing .
the evolo magazine skyscraper competition was established in 2006 to recognise ` outstanding ideas for vertical living ' . the first place was awarded to a polish group called bomp for its ` natural habitat ' essence skyscraper . the main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans , water floors , fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet -lrb- 30 metres -rrb- above ground , and jungle areas .
british national , of polish origin , arrested as part of operation against revolutionary people 's liberation party-front . members of the banned leftist group took senior turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz hostage last week . both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out .
salvina formosa from south wentworthville , west of sydney , has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath . the 101-year-old widow , who was never keen on exercise in her youth , now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week .
the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in broken arrow , oklahoma . ten products recalled earlier in march were from a production line at a plant the company 's headquarters in brenham , texas . the now-recalled ice cream product - cups of chocolate , strawberry and vanilla - is not sold in retail locations .
the girl was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people . passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat . thick black smoke can be seen rising from the stricken vessel .
kamron t. taylor , who has a history of escape attempts , fled from the jerome combs detention center in kankakee at about 3 a.m. he somehow escaped from his cell , hid inside the facility , then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds . he was convicted of first-degree murder in february and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison .
more than 1,000 cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website - private rooms are available for as little as $ 12 -lrb- # 8 -rrb- a night . bulk of them are located in the capital of havana , where its employees have spent the last three months signing up property owners .
hakaoro hakaoro was jailed in january 2014 for working without a licence . the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal . the shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties .
at least nine job listings have been spotted on apple 's official recruitment site . the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops . these include one for an ios battery life software engineer and a cell engineer . in particular , the ios software power systems engineer role said the successful candidate ` will be working on design and development of software for triage of battery life issues ' .
gizelle laurente had booked her son , jacob prien , on a flight from darwin to brisbane yesterday , so he could spend easter with his father and younger brother . however , ms laurentes feared the boy would not be able to fly with the airline 's unaccompanied minors service .
tiffanie didonato , 34 , from swansboro , north carolina , was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4 '10 tall . but even with the additional inches , parenting a rambunctious toddler can be difficult for the 34-year-old mom who has certain physical limitations .
a young syrian girl was photographed in a refugee camp in jordan . rene schulthoff did not grasp how terrified she was until editing the photographs . it was then rene realised the girl - alone and barefoot among the metal huts - was so scared of his camera that ` she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon ' .
ugaaso abukar boocow has become a celebrity on instagram . the 27-year-old is trying to change people 's perceptions of somalia . she has nearly 70,000 followers , with 68,000 instagram followers . many of her followers are surprised to see pictures that showcase peaceful scenes , happy faces and stunning beauty spots .
ryan burns of eureka , california , said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from . he swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel . footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn .
married father-of-two steven christopher costa , 31 , plans to head out to the middle east next month to join the war against the terrorists . he will make the 4,000-mile trip after raising the cash to pay for flights . when he arrives in iraq , mr costa will join up with kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen who have joined the battle against isis .
kevin pimentel , 12 , shot dead his six-year-old brother , brady , last week . the injured brother , 16 , attended the boys ' funeral at st. james the apostle catholic church in a wheelchair . as many as 400 people attended the memorial for the boys , who would 've celebrated their birthdays this week .
carlos colina , 32 , pleaded not guilty in cambridge district court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault , battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . remains , including a torso and limbs , first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company biotech saturday morning .
dangelo conner , from brooklyn , new york , filmed himself messing around with the powerful weapon in a friend 's apartment , first waving it around . but his antics all went horribly wrong when he decided to electrocute a metal bracelet while he was still holding it , sending the current through his hand and into his body .
former paramedic crsity collins was using crystal meth every day . the 30-year-old spent up to $ 500 a week to keep up her drug habit . the former ice addict has slammed health services for failing to offer her support despite claiming on numerous occasions that bugs were eating her eyes .
the practice was founded by us entrepreneur nicole daedone . it borrows much of its philosophy from yoga and meditation . it involves the light stimulation of a woman 's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption . the aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to ` feel ' the sensation as intensely as possible .
the decision from u.s. district judge susan dlott means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the irs . the agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010 , when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like ` patriots ' or ` tea party ' in their names .
an experiment on the iss will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity . in the weightless environment of the space station , researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction without a noticeable gravitational pull . the results could help farmers on earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond earth orbit to the moon and mars .
the zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three types of rum , lime juice , falernum , angostura bitters , pernod , grenadine , cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice . made with high-proof alcohol and hardly any mixers , these ten cocktails are sure to floor even the hardiest of drinker .
tiger 's nest monastery is the most sacred site in the buddhist country of bhutan . the tiny himalayan kingdom , wedged between tibet and india , is a land of myths and magic . houses are decorated with dragons , animals and phallic symbols to guard against malicious thoughts .
lisa colagrossi had just finished covering a house fire in the borough of queens on march 19 , when the married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness . the reporter 's mother lois was greeting mourners at her funeral on march 23 when she was approached by her daughter 's boss camille edwards . witnesses overheard the ` awkward interaction told the new york post 's page six that mrs falrossi refused to hug
kristin holmes , 26 , was mistaken for another woman during a facebook feud . she then ` exchanged words ' with the other users on the site , it is reported . she is now facing a class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail and a $ 2,500 fine .
ukip 's manifesto chief added to confusion by saying 50,000 limit ` might change every year ' . conservatives accused farage of ` making up his policies as he goes along ' . but at the start of march , mr farage overturned this by saying he would not set ` arbitrary targets ' .
green campaigning manual urges activists to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion . advises them to appear ` level headed ' and ` agreeable ' . also encourages them to compliment people 's homes . advice also provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about radical plans . comes amid growing scrutiny of green party 's manifesto commitments .
choupette earned # 2.18 million last year - just # 220,000 less than cara delevingne . the three-year-old cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in germany and beauty products in japan . choupette raked in his cash by appearing in just two adverts .
sarah thomas , 42 , a referee for college football 's conference usa , has been considered before for a position in the nfl before she was chosen to start in the league next year . she has previously refereed preseasons games , scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of nfl 's training program since 2013 .
dr michael shannon was trapped in his burning suv after it was t-boned by a semi-truck , when trokey , now an orange county fire authority paramedic , worked to pull him out alive . their incredible story was shared by ktla after the pair participated in a fundraiser for childhood cancer in rancho santa margarita , california on sunday .
rob kardashian , 28 , disappeared from the media spotlight last year . now in newly released clips from this week 's episode of keeping up with his family have once again expressed their concern for the once gregarious but now reclusive 28-year-old . it 's been nearly a year since rob seemed to vanish from the public eye .
joshua malatino and samantha scott of the snow kone joe ice cream truck business were charged in april 2013 after a driver of a mr. ding-a-ling truck claimed they tried to put him out of business . the pair were accused of chasing hollister 's truck and playing loud music to disrupt his customers .
latisha fisher , 35 , has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old gavriel ortiz-fisher with her bare hands inside a restroom at 5 boro burger on west 36th street monday afternoon . fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems , but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year . she was diagnosed with schizophrenia after a 2011 stabbing .
kathrin goldbach and her family are said to be so afraid of being blamed for the germanwings crash - caused by lubitz after he flew the plane he was co-piloting into the french alps . the 26-year-old maths teacher , her rescue volunteer brother andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to their home in the centre of the close-knit rural community of montabaur .
jordan waddingham scoured through bushland at karoola , north east of launceston to unravel the plague of wasps . within minutes , the little wasp hunter made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic nest near a creek bank . experts believe it 's the largest subterranean european wasp nest ever discovered .
a man and 64-year-old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg , queensland . the carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in coonarr on tuesday . the pair will appear in court on friday .
le classique picnic costs $ 55 -lrb- # 40 -rrb- for two people , comes with a choice of wine , baguettes , cheese and crisps . the tuileries gardens near the louvre is one of paris ' perfect picnic spots in the spring time .
andy pierce , from nashua , may now gearing up to run the boston marathon this month , but there was once a time he could n't walk at all . pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old , from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair .
tina campbell , from london , paid # 100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected . but she spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages , said the incident has not deterred her from hair hair hair extensions again . a close up of one of the boils which developed on her scalp .
footage shows 27-year-old jared henry of arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch . after coming to a standstill , henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain .
sussex police was accused of ` victim-blaming ' in its campaign . campaign urges women not to leave their friends alone or let them wander off . women 's rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks . but poster won praise from supporters who said it was ` blindingly obvious ' .
sir stirling lost none of his racing pedigree during his 14-year career . the 85-year-old has swapped the high-octane vehicles of his heyday . he said he sees fitness as a ` way of life ' which is why he is still so confident behind the wheel .
taylor davis , 20 , was seen in the kissimmee , florida store , touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on tuesday . he was questioned by police and was cooperating with the investigation . he told deputies he went to walmart to do some shopping . while in the store he was listening to audio pornography on his phone and inappropriately touching himself inside his sweatshirt but did not expose himself .
the event was an attempt at breaking the world 's biggest , with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters . but it descended into mayhem as parents raced into the field armed with baskets of their own . the event , which did not break the world record , was raising money for victims of human trafficking .
the car 's owner entrusted the car to a parking attendant who attempted to return it to the hotel in a timely manner . instead of pressing the brake when approaching a shop front , the driver mashed the throttle , unleashing 671bhp from the magnificent 6.0-litre v12 engine . the driver , roberto cinti , 38 , told police following the accident ' i got confused ' .
the female - dubbed ` the red lady of el mirn ' - was buried in such an elaborate tomb , close to an area where her peers would have lived day-to-day . when the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material , later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal . during the upper paleolithic period the magdalenian culture occupied much of western europe and spanned from as early as 10,000 bc .
scotland 's oldest inhabited castle hosts drumming and singing , egg decorating , storytelling and an easter bonnet parade . learn how to play the fool at the royal court , enjoy medieval dancing and take part in the games . free with entry to the castle -lrb- from # 8.70 -rrb- ; april 3 and 4 ; stirling castle .
ukip leader said he wanted to ` keep his mind as clear as possible ' . but he admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against britain 's six other political party leaders . mr farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top in tonight 's itv showdown .
meaghan hudson , 25 , left those closest to her devastated when she sent text messages in december 2013 saying she was suffering from multiple myeloma , a type of cancer which forms in the bone marrow . friends , who have known her since high school in dayton , ohio , went to great lengths to show their support . they shaved their heads in solidarity for her chemo and got matching tattoos of an inspirational song lyric . the nursing student raised $ 5,000 through a fundraising
the federal government regulations and the american heart association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of americans each year . as the federal government prepares its influential dietary guidelines for 2015 , some scientists are now saying that the average american salt consumption rate carries no risk .
the 66-year-old laughed when he asked her if mia farrow 's son ronan was her brother . he said that tina , who is the daughter of sinatra and his first wife nancy , told him : ` could n't be . frank had a vasectomy before that . i do n't know whose son , tina sinatra . ' .
fergus simpson from university of barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on earth . this means larger animals need more resources to survive , so are less common than plentiful ants , for example . he said there must be a minimum body size necessary for supporting intelligent life .
the 71-year-old 's childhood home in scarsdale , new york , hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in california . but realtors have glossed over the coincidence , and the checkered past involving durst 's mother 's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32 . the sweeping marble staircase is lifted from the original waldorf-astoria hotel , which conrad hilton labeled ` the greatest
the canadian fair trade network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from . teaming up with the advertsiing agency rethink , the photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from bangladesh , cambodia and sierra leone .
sami yusupova 's friends claim her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on july 1 , 1880 . they now want the guinness book of records to document that achievement . current record holder is french woman jeanne calment , who was 122 when she died in 1997 .
the korean tech giant will be the main supplier of the a9 chips in apple 's upcoming iphone range . samsung has previously supplied apple with various iphones . but following legal disputes , apple shifted away from samsung and signed a monopoly deal with taiwan semiconductor manufacturing .
lisa parkisson , 35 , died at oldham royal 48 hours after giving birth . newborn thomas beaty died at same hospital in june after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth . a summary of the investigation , which was kept secret from the families of the dead until now , has been seen by mailonline .
passenger christopher talbot said the smell was so bad it forced the operator to cancel the service from lichfield trent valley to longbridge . it plunged commuters into hours of misery as the act of vandalism . the 52-year-old said there was only one other passenger in the carriage .
the rare celluloid painting was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel . it features handwritten notes instructing artists on the correct colours to use when recreating the submarine . more than 240 artists and animators worked full time for an entire year to produce the film using revolutionary techniques .
the 50-page divorce papers of charlie chaplin and his second wife lita grey were found in a bank in america . they divorced just three years later with the teenager lifting the lid on their marriage . in the papers it was alleged chaplin slept with the ` virtuous and inexperienced ' lita when she was barely 16 .
maxine fohounhedo , 30 , was charged in december with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an uberx ride the month before . the 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride . she called police the next day and a rape kit was administered at swedish covenant hospital , the chicago sun-times .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran 's last ditch legal appeal was heard on monday in jakarta 's state administrative court . indonesia 's attorney-general hm prasetyo said the pair would be executed soon and there would be no more delays as their latest court challenge failed .
prehistoric man sketched an incredible array of prehistoric beasts on the rough limestone walls of a cave in modern day france 36,000 years ago . now , with the help of cutting-edge technology , those works of art in the chauvet-pont-d'arc cave have been reproduced to create the biggest replica cave in the world .
alison hall , 48 , was at work when she felt chest tightening and took out her blue salbutamol inhaler . she took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat . after five minutes of choking , a false nail finally came loose from her throat and fell out onto the pavement .
india mayhew , seven , suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted . she had been riding just metres ahead of her father gavin , 43 , and staff . her mother , brother and two sisters were also riding in the grounds . she was rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival .
ruanne dellal says her husband jack was worth at least # 400million when he died and the # 15million left to her was an ` absurd presentation ' of his true wealth . her late husband , known as ` black jack ' , was a regular at the gaming tables of casinos in mayfair and monaco and gambled # 1.7 million in a single night in 2006 . his family dispute his widow 's allegations and the true extent of the tycoon 's wealth will
the ` pie-egg-ra ' dish contains one and a half cadbury 's creme eggs . it is then served with chips to more adventurous customers at a price of # 2.75 . the egg was created by blind-baking the casing as the egg would otherwise melt down .
dr julie epstein could also face being struck off after an investigation revealed she had been giving substances such as anabolic steroids to some 40 patients . the doctor , who opened one of nsw 's first anti-ageing clinics , has been prosecuted by the health care complaints commission for her conduct between august 2007 and august 2009 .
the bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms and according to those who were there . some were left with no choice but to relieve themselves while standing in line . the modernization of wrigley field reduced the famous stadium to a potential public health disaster .
ohio-based national school safety and security services reviewed 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year . one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message , social media , email or other online means . law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real .
the 40-year-old e! star looked cool and collected , but as she was seen leaving the trump tower in new york city on her way to a today show appearance . in her memoir , the fashion police co-host has detailed her tumultuous relationship with jerry , who she first met in san diego .
mother-of-two lindsey norman spotted the image of jesus in a hot cross bun . she bought the buns from her local sainsbury 's in peterborough , cambridgeshire . she said it made me ` giggle ' when she saw the uncanny resemblance .
medical professionals at the university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man 's kidney problems . black tea has high levels of oxalate , a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses .
kellie maloney started the process to change gender two years ago . the 61-year-old was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days . she has been released four days early and faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home in kent with children sophie , 20 , and libby , 14 .
ivan milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 and 1992 . in the letters , he tells shipsey about his ` fair share ' of ` sheilas ' , who write ` some frightening things ' - and one woman who has even proposed . the latest one was from texas .
ivan carlos , 22 , and brenda avilez , 18 , were sleeping in a trailer at the lone oak mobile home park in palmetto at around 2.30 am wednesday . the driver of the white chevrolet suv lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the park 's fence , killing the couple .
lara logan , 43 , is back home and recovering after being hospitalized for the fourth time this year . she is said to be resting at her home in the washington dc area but working on upcoming stories . logan was the victim of a ` sustained and brutal ' sexual assault as she reported from cairo on the resignation of president mubarak .
actress , 26 , has been pictured living the kind of life that most 26-year-olds can only dream of . she 's bagged herself a modelling contract with mulberry , starred in a west end stage play and is now destined to act alongside dame judi dench . it seems she definitely does n't regret turning down the crown ?
john and elizabeth knott lived in an ` idyllic ' # 500,000 retirement cottage in the village of bosbury , near ledbury in herefordshire . but mr knott had been struggling to cope after his wife developed alzheimer 's disease and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door . he had spent months battling plans for the traveller encampment on the land .
cosmetic surgeon dr fredric brandt hanged himself on sunday at his miami mansion . the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt 's death was a suicide by hanging on monday . abravanel said brandt , 65 , was ` devastated ' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the netflix show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt .
employing cheap labour from asia and having the length of working visas doubled are two ways of combating the childcare shortage . extended au pairs on working holiday visas - who earn $ 250 a week as live-in nannies - to stay with one family for a year instead of the current six months is another option .
the temporary power outage temporarily blackened washington , d.c. this afternoon , interrupting a state department briefing and forcing the white house onto back-up generators . traffic lights also went out in parts of the city . the official spokesman for 1600 pennsylvania avenue confirmed that the outage ` briefly had an impact on the regular power source ' .
rosa camfield was born in june of 1913 and died monday after taking her daughter , then 2-week-old kaylee , to meet her great-grandmother rosa for the first time . since the picture appeared on the popular facebook page life of dad , she received millions of likes and comments from around the world .
the hot spot , near the four corners intersection of arizona , colorado , new mexico and utah , covers only about 2,500 square miles -lrb- 6,500 sq kilometers -rrb- , or half the size of connecticut . researchers performed high-resolution regional simulations using a chemical transport model , which simulates how weather moves and changes airborne chemical compounds .
richard and angela maxwell scooped # 53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday . couple , both 67 , so far have modest plans for what to do with windfall . mr maxwell said she thought her husband was playing an april fools ' day joke .
star reader was diagnosed with biliary atresia within days of being born . after undergoing an operation to have her bile ducts unblocked , her parents , jade reader and matthew bygrave , were told the infant would need a liver transplant in order to survive . when her twin sister shanell gave up part of her liver to save niece star .
diane greenberg , a devout catholic , and her husband bob , who is jewish , decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion . diane took charge of her daughter , katie , 24 , while bob took the reins teaching steven , 21 , as they grew up in new hope , pennsylvania .
virginia roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving andrew 's friend jeffrey epstein , a convicted paedophile and sex offender . but last night judge kenneth marra ordered her claims that she was a ` sex slave ' to epstein and was forced to have sex with the duke of york three times should be ` struck from the record ' .
jeffrey williams , 20 , is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on march 12 during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of ferguson 's police chief . all inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them . in a conversation with his girlfriend , he said he was being harassed by a group of people outside ferguson pd on the night of the shooting .
andy hornby is non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u . he was found to be selling nhs patients ' data without their knowledge . mail investigation told how personal details of thousands of users are being sold to companies that target the sick . mr hornby last night faced calls to step down from his role as chairman .
pauline kidner was born two days earlier and her umbilical was still attached . the 65-year-old from somerset has been nursed back to health by a kind-hearted animal lover on a diet of custard creams . the orphaned youngsters are one of which escaped death after being carried away in a jack russell 's mouth .
tham khoun ex caves , commonly known as xe bang fai river caves , feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits . there is even a vibrant forest thriving at the upstream entrance to the caves , the lush green colour contrasting with the enormous white and orange banks of terraces flowstone .
christian englander , 30 , was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery during chapelle 's show in new mexico . on thursday he struck again at a bar in santa fe , hitting in the comedian in the leg . he was performing a comedy routine at the lensic theater .
the museum handed over seven rare artifacts in its possession after authorities found , to the shock of museum officials . agents from the u.s. immigration and customs enforcement will take the items back to new york and , from there , eventually return them to the government of india . the artifacts ' origin was discovered after a tourist visiting the museum noticed the dealer , subhash kapoor , was listed as their source .
arkansas gov. asa hutchinson signs a reworked religious freedom bill into law on thursday evening . lawmakers in arkansas and indiana hoped that by amending their states ' measures they would quiet the national uproar over new religious objections that opponents say are designed to offer a legal defense for anti-gay discrimination .
in the first standoff , the officers fired ` toward the vicinity ' of tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev ` without necessarily having identified and lined up their target ' . amid their chaotic shooting , transit cop richard donohue was critically wounded . it is unclear whether he was shot by an officer 's bullet . shortly after the firefight in watertown , massachusetts , on april 19 , 2013 , which resulted in the death of t americlan tsarnaev - an officer mistakenly
elijah suffers from type 1 spinal muscular atrophy -lrb- sma -rrb- . he 's now ` very floppy ' , and doctors say he wo n't live to see his second birthday because of a fatal genetic illness . his mum jessica and dad andrew mccrae have pledged to do everything they can to make sure the little boy from penrith , in sydney 's west , lives a full life .
xiangyu ouyang , 26 , was on a state-sponsored scholarship from singapore . authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde . now , the recipient of singapore 's prestigious agency for science , technology and research -lrb- a * star -rrb- scholarship has been dropped from the top university .
in the images , the formidable painter is seen at her most relaxed , walking around her house in mexico . the pictures portray the artist in her garden or languishing in her bed , giving an unparralled insight into her life with many of the pictures taken in the years before her death in 1954 .
finnish stunt performer antti pendikainen had attached a parachute to his snowmobile to safely deposit him on the ground after driving his vehicle off a mountain . instead of plummeting 1500 metres to his death , the group managed to strap materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine .
delta 's new pet gps system allows owners to track their furry friends ' journeys in real time . the first-of-its-kind technology was developed by sendum wireless corp. and is available for $ 50 per flight from 10 us airports . the move was no doubt aimed to make passengers feel safer about bringing their pets on a plane via a website .
thomas jordan driver , 25 , david elliot moran , 47 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 , were arrested thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder . newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements , according to the department of corrections reception and medical center in rural north florida .
former british premier made unannounced visit to ulaanbataar last month . he met new mongolian prime minister chimed saikhanbileg but secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists . a silver plate from the noyon uul burials , where some of the ancestors of attila the hun are buried .
the duchess of cambridge was dismissed as an ` uneventful ' dresser by leading author margaret atwood . the 75-year-old said kate has n't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of her husband 's late mother , princess diana . she added she is right not to follow in diana 's footsteps .
 babies in the study reacted with surprise when objects like this toy car appeared to break the laws of gravity and float in thin air . and given it to play with later , they repeatedly dropped it on the floor . but the babies shown magic tricks were more interested in playing with the ball than a brand new toy that they had never seen before .
charlene bishop , 17 months , went to feed her pony taffee on wednesday . she was worried when she did n't meet her at the gate as normal . her mother danielle flisher went to investigate and found the shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries .
government desperately trying to recruit more gps , medical leaders warn . news comes amid a chronic shortage of doctors , and last week it was revealed that 10 per cent of patients tried to book a gp appointment in 2013/14 . this means patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million gp appointments last year .
ashley doody , 30 , was arrested on sunday after allegedly attacking her family dog , trixie , with a kitchen knife . the sheriff 's office found doody acting aggressively and exhibiting unpredictable behavior . she has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before aroostock county superior court on may 19 .
marvin `` papi gallo '' jones and ramon luis nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from jones ' black and red shorts at the ring in arcadia , florida . referee frankie santore jr. went over to pick up the samsung galaxy and looked like he was chastising jones , who seemed confused .
researchers at gillette have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave . their work has shown why washing the skin is so vital and why you should never tap your razor on the sink , and also settles the debate about whether you should go with , or against the grain .
marine le pen , the leader of the french national front , defended having described nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history ' . in words which will revive accusations that the far-right party remains anti-semitic , jean-marie le pen said he had ` never regretted ' making similar statements in the past . his daughter and current leader of . the party marine le pen immediately distanced herself from the comments saying she ` deeply disagrees ' with her ` deliberately provocative ' father .
misty machinshok , 33 , has been jailed for 15 to 30 years for the abuse in which she ` coached ' the pair on the best positions to conceive . she planned to tell friends and family that the teenager got pregnant with a stranger at a house party in their home town of wilkes-barre , pennsylvania . she pleaded no contest to raping the child ` every few days ' throughout 2013 .
dubai-based emirates , referred to the apparent near-miss as an ` air traffic control incident ' in a statement on wednesday . neither the dubai carrier nor abu dhabi-based etihad airways would say how close the two planes came to each other . however a resolution advisory -lrb- ra -rrb- was given to both planes , which means the distance between the two aircraft could have resulted in a collision within 25 seconds .
the 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name . she used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on monday morning . staff from museo dell ' operate del duomo , a museum which houses artefacts from the cathedral , alerted police .
the grotty jail was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes . the grade ii listed building was previously known as bridewell prison . housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences . but thick lead paint has been stripped from doors and brick walls . it has been transformed into a glass covered indoor lounge space .
qantas warned back in february that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from april 1 . disgruntled customers who did not get the memo about the newly enforced dress code have posted their complaints on social media . ` thanks qantas club perth for refusing me entry because i was wearing havianas - i am going on holidays after all , ' she said .
in one case , a voter complained wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the ` unfair ' promise of free curry , nightclub entertainment and hotel stays . others , in letters of complaint to police forces and local authorities , accused politicians of ` fly-posting ' , while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting ` political views ' . details , released to press association under freedom of information act , refer to the parliamentary by-elections in clacton , heywood
the 38-year-old suspect has been taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg . he may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash . officers were called to a gas station in the 4600 block of prospect at around 2am after receiving complaints from neighbors about a car blasting loud music .
darren and dea will be hoping to do better than the block glasshouse duos . they pocketed just $ 10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family . when it goes under the hammer next month ayden and jess hope that their efforts will be rewarded .
alex stock , a former friend of supposed victim ` jackie ' , spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature a rape on campus . he was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out . rolling stone 's reporting was torn apart by professors from the columbia university graduate school of journalism .
alfred hitchcock was born in 1899 in leytonstone , east london . in addition to the gaudiness , the city was a place with dark staircases , gaslight , rain and spooky cobbled alleys . they were a catholic family , irish originally , and the boy who would become ` one of the most distinguished directors in the world ' .
nigerian-flagged thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity sea shepherd . thunder 's captain and crew manned life rafts late on monday after the ship was scuttled . the thunder had been fishing in the waters between sao tome and principe , off the west coast of africa .
ho chi minh city has just been named one of the fastest growing in the world . compared cities over the past decade , new world wealth has found houston , jakarta , mumbai , and , of course , ho chi mihn city . china is currently home to 26,600 multi-millionaire residents .
anthony ray hinton , 58 , was released in the morning from the jefferson county jail in birmingham . he hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister , darlene gardner . hinton says he should not have had to wait 30 years for investigators to test the gun that was seized from his home .
adele berry was put through to a call centre in south africa when she phoned the company over the issue last month . the 21-year-old was stunned when she later received a string of messages from the man , who said his name is ` miguel ' . in one text , the man referred to himself as her ` future hubby ' and promised to buy her shoes when he met her .
abdel-kader russell-boumzar was granted bail in brisbane 's magistrate court on thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences . the 17-year-old shot to notoriety last october when footage of him apparently spitting on 56 year-old josphat mkhwananzi went viral . since then he 's been accused of repeatedly breaching his bail by flashing his backside at a young boy , being drunk in
the kitten , who has since been named sinbad , was discovered by puzzled staff at mediterranean linens in moreton-on-lugg , hereford . they heard meows coming from inside the container , which was carrying laundry linen . the rspca was called out to investigate and there they found the exhausted and ravenous eight-month-old kitten who had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes .
jonathan maitland said the public is ready for his forthcoming play . it will open in london in june , less than three years since the late comedian 's depraved behaviour was exposed in a television documentary . revelation that savile had abused dozens of children and young women in hospitals and schools throughout the 70s and 80s sparked an enormous scotland yard probe into other alleged abuse .
gerry anderson said the cgi characters did not have the same charm as the ` lovingly detailed ' miniature puppets . thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world . however , the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by cgi images to create an entirely new look .
jeremy clarkson was filming top gear at a hotel in hawes , north yorkshire . victim oisin tymon said he did not want to press charges after the incident . police have now decided to drop the probe without taking action . clarksese was sacked from the hit bbc show last month .
kevin perz , 56 , a father-of-four and business owner , has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of mailing them a ` gift ' . it started in 1992 , when he sent a check to his calculus teacher made out for $ 5,000 . he recently sent marilyn mecham -lrb- his home economics teacher -rrb- , a check for $ 10,000 , his onetime house economics teacher , an onetime home economics teacher
images obtained by daily mail online show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars , dr fredric brandt , the year he graduated from frank h morrell high , irvington , new jersey . they were taken at the age of 18 , when he was , in his own words , just ` a jewish kid from newark , ' and before he had transformed himself , in every sense , into the figure lampooned on netflix show ` unbreakable kimmy schmidt
rita , 24 , has been unveiled as the face of rimmel 's latest beauty campaign . the kosovan-born fledgling singer , actress , fashion designer , beauty buff and one of the world 's best connected stars . also recently unveiled her own festival-inspired range for the beauty giant .
the 20-month-old boy had reportedly been choking and struggling to breathe on march the 23rd and was rushed to coolah district hospital by emergency services . police strongly believe that there are members of the neilrex community , which is 60 kilometres south of coonabarabran , that can help them with their investigation .
robert mccombs told a court in grand rapids , michigan on wednesday that steven carl day admitted to him and his roommate roger musick that he was molested a young relative . ` day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it , ' he told the court . musick , 39 , was allegedly murdered on december 18 , 2013 after he told two friends that he molested young girls and that he thought , ` one of them was
richard curry , from loveclough in lancashire , was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum , the thin strip which separates the nostrils . he was warned that he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer from spreading but could be fitted with a prosthetic . but in order to make sure the new nose stayed in place , the 71-year-old then had to have magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity during a procedure
it was a long day 's fighting on that june day in 1815 and a very shaky start for the uk team , but thanks to some late-arriving prussian assistance , the boy wellington eventually done good . when napoleon saw that things were going badly , he hot-footed it to paris , where he later abdicated .
london 's westfield stratford city shopping centre looked more than a little surprised to discover a chocolate sculpture of benedict cumberbatch . one lady was spotted cautiously approaching the edible artwork before quickly backing off , while another could n't quite hide their smile of surprise . the sculpture was commissioned by uktv to mark its screening of the third series of sherlock .
david cameron reiterates pledge to offer cut-price properties to 200,000 young first-time buyers . the scheme is part of a dramatic extension of the help to buy scheme . it doubles the number of new starter homes in england from 100,000 to 200k . scheme has been well-received with 50,000 people registering interest .
nicholas figueroa , 23 , and moises locon , 26 , died when the manhattan apartment building collapsed last thursday following a massive blast . investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion . a crane removes large pieces of debris as firefighters watch on from the roof of a neighbouring building .
tanya heath paris has revolutionised women 's footwear with her collection of shoes that feature an interchangeable heel . a high heel can be swapped for a lower heel -lrb- 1.5 inches -rrb- , without compromising the style . the shoes , which start from # 260 , are supposedly comfortable and come in a variety of styles .
harrison muttered ` f *** that n **** ' into a live microphone when another player was asked about kaminsky after kentucky lost 71-64 to the badgers saturday . the loss ruined the wildcats ' undefeated season ; they finished 38-1 . harrison has since apologized for his comment .
keith anderson attacked two men who asked for a cigarette last year . lance corporal albert duffy had survived bomb blasts during glittering military career . but after returning home to the uk he was attacked by drink and drug-crazed . just minutes before the attack , anderson had punched another man .
andrew getty , 47 , was found naked from the waist down in a bathroom at his gated , three-storey # 2.6 million villa in the hollywood hills on tuesday afternoon . the family patriarch , jean paul getty iii , never recovered after he became the victim of a notorious and brutal kidnapping .
mindy kaling has denied knowing anything about her brother 's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an african american to get into medical school . this comes as chokal-ingam , 38 , admitted his sister has told him she is ` ashamed ' of him for opening up about his alleged experience ahead of the release of his new book , almost black .
arachnophobia , one of the most crippling of phobias , represents finely tuned survival instinct . and it could date back to early human evolution in africa , where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago . researchers carried out experiment in which 252 volunteers were asked to study computer screens containing abstract shapes and data .
kyhesha-lee joughin was forced to use the room she was locked in as a toilet before dying in severe distress of internal injuries . her father matthew lee williamson and christopher arthur neville kent have both been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty . kent , 46 , was granted bail in brisbane magistrates court on wednesday .
documents released by former cia worker edward snowden claim britain was spying on argentina between 2006 and 2011 . there has been no official response to the claims , which were published by several argentine news agencies . the documents include allegations british implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the argentinian government .
teresa james , 40 , believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile . her regimen may sound somewhat masochistic , but she is one of an increasing number of women for whom whitening their teeth has become an integral part of their beauty routine .
pressure on the education system has intensified following a baby boom and continued migration , forcing schools to boost class sizes and classrooms . the local government association warned they may not be able to create more places at the rate that is needed . this will increase to more than half by 2017/18 and to three in five by the following year .
hannah and alex purchased a 1986 hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love . the result was a solar-powered two-bedroom , wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in nelson , new zealand . the couple started with a steel frame and slowly , project by project .
woman left in water clinging to hull of overturned trimaran in english channel . partner had ensured she was safe , then tied a rope around himself . alarm raised after man spotted couple in water a mile from dungeness point . couple were taken to hospital by rescue helicopter from raf watisham .
the ashton canal was filled with heavy suds which appeared after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company . it is believed the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings . this then turned into a huge wall of foam when it drained into the canal , which runs in the shadow of manchester city 's etihad stadium .
the freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning in the freezing waters of the sea of okhotsk 205 miles off russia 's kamchatka peninsula . 63 crew members of the dalny vostok were rescued with the sea 's temperature near zero degrees celsius -lrb- 32 degrees fahrenheit -rrb- . more than 25 fishing boats helped pull the crew members to safety .
labour launched poster declaring ` the tories have made it harder to see a gp ' . but critics were quick to point out that figures were out of date . it emerged a labour-supporting gp circulated a letter claiming ` five years of flat-line funding ' have ` crippled the nhs ' .
andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january . he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20 , but he died on sunday at northwestern memorial hospital - medical examiner 's office spokesman frank shuftan says a cause of death wo n't be released until monday at the earliest . initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities
chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , has been missing almost six months . she was last seen at a halloween party october 26 in frenchtown township . the costume included a leaf-covered top and dark purple wig . that was the last time she was seen at the outdoor party .
jodie barden , 28 , is mother to eight-year-old ella and chloe , who both suffer from cockayne syndrome . the condition causes premature ageing , an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head . mrs barden shaved her head in order to raise money for a charity .
the cage was designed as a ` withdrawal space ' for the 10-year-old autistic boy . the cage was specifically designed for him to as ` withdraw space ' while in class . it was in place from march 10 to march 27 , according to act education minister joy burch . she said an investigation into the incident is underway .
only three countries in the entire world where you are more likely to have a female boss than a male boss . jamaica , colombia and saint lucia have the highest percentage of female managers in the workforce . the caribbean island had the world 's highest percentage , at nearly 60 per cent .
china national tourism administration said provincial and national authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to china . they are hoping strict measures will encourage chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad . in december a brawl started on a chinese flight from bangkok to nanjing .
denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment . but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .
hayley adams , 29 , of barnstaple , devon , was seen sneaking into william tanner 's bedroom and taking cash from his coat . his daughter angela wrenn , 56 , had expressed concern that his money kept going missing , but was shocked to discover the culprit was a trusted relative .
the former secretary of state 's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in brooklyn , new york . it 's not clear whether the campaign itself or some other legal entity signed on the dotted line , but putting ink to paper at the aristocratic-sounding 1 pierrepont plaza has started a countdown clock .
a europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job . in estonia , one of the least generous countries , only around 40 % did . in norway , almost 80 % of people wanted a job , in particular , which pays the highest benefits in europe .
student expelled from george mason university for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing in federal court to clear his name . a hearing in the case is scheduled for friday in alexandria . the university is demanding he identify himself publicly , despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him but the woman who says she was assaulted .
the most rev justin welby said 148 mainly christian victims were ` witnesses , unwilling , unjustly , wickedly , and they are martyrs in both senses of the word ' . pope francis made similar statements during easter sunday mass at st peter 's square in the vatican . he also made a nod to the recent agreement between iran and the international community over its nuclear power .
michelle pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by katie couric . the series was created by diane english , who was behind the show murphy brown , about a female news anchor . english would also serve as a writer , producer and showrunner on the program .
the motoring programme 's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside the stig at the top of the page but now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet . it comes just over a week after the 54-year-old host was sacked from the bbc for an ` unprovoked ' attack on a top gear producer .
nicholas figueroa 's mother , ana , was among more than 200 mourners to attend the funeral for her son , who was on a second date at a sushi restaurant in the city 's east village . carrying a red rose and wearing a button featuring her son 's image , she wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse outside the church of the holy name of jesus .
rama the elephant , who completed paintings with his trunk , died monday , oregon zoo officials announced on facebook . he was 31 . ` rama had experienced a sharp decline in mobility in recent weeks , an issue stemming from a 25-year-old injury to his left front leg , ' the zoo said in the post .
two men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages in a quiz for fashion magazine cosmopolitan 's website . green party leader natalie bennett responded that it is ` ok for other adults but not for me ' . education secretary nicky morgan answered : ' a bit too risky , thank you very much ! ' .
john howard , 66 , had been member of overseas press and media association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago . father-of-three had sole access to the non-profit organisation 's account and enjoyed dining alone on several # 300 meals a month . he was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed ` i 'm sorry ' to a former colleague .
new york is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but moma is still brilliant . welcome , then , to nu york , a city that bears no resemblance to the version depicted in friends and gossip girl and instead centres around a throbbing contemporary arts scene largely based in brooklyn and queens .
eight grade teacher tiffany jackson was arrested for driving with an invalid licence . when authorities of highland oaks middle school in tennessee realised the image had been shared online , they suspended three of the students for three days . school officials justified suspended the students by saying they had demonstrated an ` inappropriate use of electronic media ' .
researchers from clarkson university in potsdam , new york , claim older buildings where hauntings are usually reported , often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould . exposure to the mould can cause mood swings , irrational anger and cognitive impairment . no-one is exactly sure of psychoactive effects of indoor moulds on the brain .
kristi gordon , of british columbia 's news channel global bc , was joined by her fellow anchors robin stickley and squire barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy on an episode of the online-only news segment news hour plus . ` nowhere on north america tv have we seen a weather reader so gross as you -lrb- sic -rrb- , ' kristi read from one of
labour will launch billboard advert using image from 1979 ` labour is n't working ' poster . poster features same long line of people used to illustrate dole queues under jim callaghan 's ailing government . it will also claim nearly two million more patients are unhappy with doctors opening hours compared to last election .
the driver , who has not been identified , was trapped under the car for more than four hours during the incident that occurred on wednesday . the girl was in stable condition and largely kept her cool during the ordeal , said fire capt. paul voakes of the pine-strawberry fire district . details were not immediately available on their condition , however officials indicated the injuries did not appear to be life-threatening .
the jury is rapidly nearing a verdict in aaron hernandez 's murder trial after the defense team presented their entire case in just one day . prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former new england patriots player of killing odin lloyd . the defense 's first witness was dr. david greenblatt , a professor at tufts university school of medicine , who testified that the drug pcp can cause people to be suddenly violent , even days
a sydney psychologist has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had ` nice t ** s ' during an appointment . throughout a consultation in the woman 's house on october 25 , 2012 , psychologist darryl dewar hugged his client , patted her head , directed her to sing and used offensive language . the woman , who was having suicidal thoughts at the time , also claimed he called her ' a horny little thing ' and asked her if her mother was a `
edmund echukwu , 35 , was pulled from the water at a james bond-themed sex party . fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at watford general hospital after emergency services were called . neighbour in edgware , margaret brown , paid tribute to him today .
american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle . footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow . to date the clip has been watched more than 190,000 times .
tiffany sical , 21 , and boyfriend bryan rodriguez-solis , 23 , were driving along route 6 in providence , rhode island , on sunday . but they were killed when joel norman reportedly entered an exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car . norman , of massachusetts , has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving to endanger - death resulting .
dimitri harrell , 21 , charged with second-degree murder at ramsey county district court . he allegedly shot samirria white , 19 , at their minnesota home on easter morning . he then shot miss white in the face at close range , according to police . when medics arrived at the scene , they pronounced the young mother dead . harrell later admitted to having stored his handgun under his daughter 's mattress .
no serious injuries reported in the crashes on u.s. highway 36 between boulder and denver , but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars . in the mountains , interstate 70 was temporarily closed after several trucks spun out on snowy vail pass . at lower elevations , the storm left only light snow on grass , and roads were largely clear because of recent warm weather .
the 2015 sydney royal easter show opened to the public last thursday 26 march . the cowboy bag includes a toy sheriff 's hat , a vest and a red bandana . other bags offer some rather trivial savings . at the lower end of the price scale , buyers of fruit tingles bag will get three 34 gram packets of fruit pastilles , two redskins , two lollipops and two milko sticks for $ 5.10 .
ferme de montagne proprietors suzanne dixon-hudson and her architect husband henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital , pre-winter season . les gets is well placed in the giant portes du soleil area , which has 400 miles of groomed pistes .
the final ten contenders for star in abra feature in the powerful new image recreates the notorious vs advert . the d + label says its image is 'em powering ' , especially with the widespread call for real models alongside campaigns like #droptheplus . hopefuls enter online and the winner becomes the face and body of curvy kate .
casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs . he stipulated that there must be no ` gagging or making any faces ' food fail . footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute 's hesitation and running off ` to be sick ' .
expectant mom ambermarie irving-elkins was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on thursday . she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she 'd make it to hospital in time . deputy marquette oliver ran over to assist her .
the illume arclighter creates a ` super high-intensity ' electrical arc . it contains a rechargeable lithium-ion battery so users will never run out of fuel at a tricky moment again . instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters , it is rechargeable , among other qualities shown above .
three centres in cardiff , london and northumberland to open by next year . parents of brain cancer sufferer ashya told of how he was given ` all-clear ' . announcement comes just weeks after parents of ashya received treatment . both brett and naghmeh king sparked international manhunt last year .
flight 4u814 to venice was diverted to stuttgart as the airbus a319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil . the flight , which had 123 passengers and five crew members on board , took off from cologne at 9.55 am local time . a passenger and a flight attendant suffered ` an acute feeling of sickness ' .
the 33-year-old from brighton 's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the channel 4 show nine years ago . despite being given # 100,000 of prize money and releasing a successful autobiography , pete is now broke and living off the charity of friends .
landon carnie and his twin sister lorie were initially thought to have died with scores of other youngsters when the first flight of operation babylift crashed minutes after take-off . incredibly , with wreckage and bodies strewn over miles of countryside , the terrified 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy more than a day after the crash . now 41 , landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside
phil blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour . the tongue-in-cheek advert for cheap-drinks night at the vgastro bar in rangoon provoked outrage among devout buddhists . the 32-year-old bar manager , who has dual new zealand and british nationality , was found guilty of insulting religion .
u.s. secretary of state john kerry and staff watch a tablet in lausanne as obama makes a state address on the status of the iran nuclear program . many of obama 's republican opponents in congress have been skeptical of a deal with iran and suggested the us may be giving too much away in its negotiations .
prime minister is apparently so proud to be posh he was happy to be pictured eating a hotdog with a knife and fork . bizarre dining etiquette during a campaign visit to dorset was almost certainly designed to avoid a repeat of ed miliband 's disastrous attempt at eating a bacon sandwich . he also sparked a mini-storm after opting for ketchup of mustard .
steven mathieson , 38 , stabbed prostitute luciana maurer , 23 , dozens of times . he called two more vice girls over to his family home and raped them . his young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the crimes . he pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the high court in glasgow today .
raymond howell jr. 's body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in mckinney , texas - around four miles from where he attended school . police have not confirmed how he passed away but friends on social media reported that he had died from a bullet wound .
more than half of newly diagnosed with hiv in britain were born overseas . nigel farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners . the ukip leader was accused of ` dangerous scaremongering ' . but some of his claims were overstated , the latest official figures show .
trevor duffy , 19 , of the bronx died in november . his death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by zeta beta tau members at an off-campus home . a look at 461 hamilton street , the scene of an alleged underage drinking party .
a picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged . the attack comes a day after turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz , 46 , died in hospital after members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse . it is not known who fired the fatal shots .
two residents from the osborne apartments on west 57th street in manhattan told the new york post of their experiences with spirits . chastain and her boyfriend , gian luca passi de preposulo , spent $ 5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms .
greg gibbins , 28 , and his 25-year-old friend were at beachcomber hotel in toukley , nsw on sunday night before they headed to a nearby , late-night pizza shop . shortly after midnight , emergency services found him and his friend with serious stab wounds at about 12.10 am from an alleged random attack . the wyong roos rugby league club player was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died in hospital
the wreckage of the bus and train was used in the dramatic scene from the fugitive lie abandoned in the great smokey mountains in north carolina . the scene , which was filmed using a real train hitting a real bus , cost an eye-watering $ 1.5 million to shoot while the remains of the vehicles were left on location where they have since become a popular tourist attraction .
leila alavi was on a desperate mission to find a women 's refuge to escape her estranged husband . the 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser had taken out an apprehended domestic violence order against her ex-husband mokthar hosseiniamraei . ms alavi reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead inside her vehicle in an underground car park at auburn shopping village in sydney 's west . mitra alavi has told
the student was identified with information provided by other students and will be subject to duke 's student conduct process and that an investigation is continuing to find out if others were involved . the noose sparked a mass protest on campus on wednesday . black residents were once terrorized by lynchings .
police in paramus , bergen county , responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community . the goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on saturday . a plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock , and it was handed over to animal control .
susan house survived a huge gas explosion that ripped through her farmhouse . fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard , blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof . the 55-year-old 's house may be in ruins but she can count herself extremely lucky to be alive .
kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for the veterans empowered to protect african wildlife -lrb- vepaw -rrb- . the organisation was founded by an ex-marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9 / 11 . she joined the group last november after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic .
periscope , twitter 's new iphone app that allows users to broadcast live video and audio online , launched a week ago today and early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the much talked-about technology . despite the initial hype surrounding the launch of the app , there are already a concerning number of users , particularly women .
software extracts relevant colour information from images or artworks found online . created by phd student martin bellander in psychology at karolinska institute . used freely available images for free download - bbc , google art project . he found the paintings change over time - from orange to blue .
anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , has been missing since march 2 . she was last seen driving near her parents ' home in norfolk and her stepfather wesley hadsell was taken into custody late last month . he was arrested on march 21 after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours .
a new ebola jab is being given to people living in the west african countries most badly hit by the virus . scientists hope that immunisation is possible with just one injection after ` highly promising results ' in the first 138 healthy adults who were vaccinated with various doses . the vaccine , developed in canada , is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus -lrb- vsv -rrb- that is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the eb
the queen and senior members of the royal family will attend the westminster abbey service of thanksgiving . chain of beacons will be lit across the country , spitfire and lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies and a star-studded concert will be held in london from may 8 to 10 .
rapper vanilla ice avoided prosecution in florida on thursday after agreeing to a plea deal over a grand theft charge from february . he agreed to . perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the . estate of a neighbor in lantana for allegedly stealing furniture . and pool equipment from the $ 1million home , according to the pre-trial intervention . van winkle also must acknowledge that he is guilty of the crime , but the charge will be dismissed and
david hyche , now a special agent at the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms , developed the technology nine years ago when his daughter turned blind . a transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound . hyche has passed on the idea to the alabama institute for deaf and blind in birmingham .
lib dem leader said the idea of more than two parties forming a government is not ` going to work ' . said it would be a ` messy ' way to run the country and risked instability with the future of the government put in peril with every late night vote . but he sought to make the case for only the lib dems working with labour or the conservatives , without having to rely on mps from other smaller parties .
colin barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in western australia yesterday . search parties have not been successful in recovering mh370 since it disappeared on march 8 last year . his wife danica weeks is still at a loss about what to tell her young boys .
more than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers , villages and even the jungle to make the trip , having been kept like slaves at the pusaka benjina resources fishing company compound . they were finally being rescued by the indonesian fisheries ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching .
ed balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today . asked what seven times six equals , labour 's shadow chancellor looked down at his feet . said : ` the answer is 42 ' before adding : ` it 's always a very dangerous thing for politicians to answer those sorts of questions ' .
colin turnbull , 69 , found in ` compromised position ' with rozina khanim . fee-paying school 's facilities manager kevin bird walked in on pair . pair were engaged in sex act during entrance exam day . mr turnbull has worked at the school for nine years .
health officials say a drug-resistant mutant super-strain of a nasty stomach bug has made its way into the u.s. and is spreading - already causing more than 200 illnesses since last may . shigella infections , otherwise known as ` delhi belly ' or ` montezuma 's revenge ' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the dominican republic , india or other countries . the symptoms include diarrhea , stomach cramps and nausea . outbreaks of the shig
the prickly australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea in the turquoise waters off the mornington peninsula , 83 km south of melbourne . the footage was posted online by youtube user emma b . the zoo built a special swimming pool for its echidna residents to cool off on hot summer days .
tfl rules laid down by transport for london mean refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history . legal loophole says people coming to britain will not be required to have their criminal convictions checked . those from outside the eu who have spent more than three months abroad over the last three years have to provide a ` letter of good conduct ' .
the letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 , but received no bids at a sotheby 's auction wednesday . the 68-year-old yankee said he wanted ' a new generation to own and enjoy this icon of the yankees and of new york city ' .
pease pudding is a traditional dish made with split peas and a favourite in the north east of england . the 58-year-old had six tubs of the traditional pudding and north east delicacy in his hand luggage . airport staff told the traveller his pease pudding could ` technically ' be classed as semtex .
pm 's wife swooped into rochester and strood , the seat held by mark reckless . he defected from the tories last summer and hopes his wife can woo voters . mrs cameron joined tory candidate kelly tolhurst for a visit to abbey court school in rainham , kent .
the track , entitled i wo n't mind , sent both one direction fans and one of zayn 's former band mates into turmoil . the video is thought to reference the collaboration between the two and angered directioners who are still disappointed at the 22-year-old 's departure from the group .
the scandfit try size - dubbed ` the boob-job bra ' - was developed to help women about to go under the knife decide what size implants to have . it has gained a following among women like me who would never have surgery but love the idea of trying out a dream decolletage for a day .
environmentalist group sea shepherd ship bob barker followed it 's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel thunder for more than 100 days . around 35 crew members from the thunder ship were safely rescued off the coast of africa after being held in life rafts . the toothfish poaching boat thunder issued a distressing signal , claiming the ship was sinking at about 4.00 pm on monday .
the seattle times reports that nearly half of the money on the gofundme.com page set up in february . supporters compare stutzman 's benefit page to an indiana pizza shop that raised more than $ 800,000 after closing when the owner said the shop would n't cater a gay wedding .
becky watts , 16 , went missing from her bristol home in february . her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later . inquest into her death opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings . nathan matthews , 28 , faces a single count of murdering his step-sister .
the number of muslims will increase at more than double the rate of the world 's population , which is expected to rise by 35 per cent in the next four decades . by 2100 around one per cent more of the population will be muslim than christian , with the largest proportion of followers in india .
the married mother-of-two ran debenhams , jaeger and aquascutum . she won the make-or-break style director role at m&s in september 2012 . today it appears her hard work has paid off , with general merchandise sales . sales have also been boosted by celebrity underwear ranges .
yahya rashid , 19 , of willesden , north west london , is due to appear at westminster magistrates ' court today . officers from mps counter terrorism command arrested rashid at luton airport yesterday on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under section five of the terrorism act 2006 .
researchers in the mid-1980s found the hum can drop as low as an e flat , 20 octaves below middle c on the musical scale . in the late 1990s , seismologists found that the planet does n't just oscillate following quakes , and instead is vibrating at extremely low frequencies all of the time .
ralph vaughan williams ' work topped the classic fm hall of fame . it topped the poll last year as well and four years ago was named the nation 's favourite desert island discs tune . the top five was completed by rachmaninov 's piano concerto no. 2 .
benito gonzalez jr. ,46 , was suspended from duty after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table in a cherry hill starbucks . a surveillance photo posted to the cherry hill police facebook page led to the 17-year camden police veteran 's arrest -- the photo has since been deleted .
bryan santana , 20 , of orlando , florida , was found guilty of the cold-blooded murder of his roommate , shelby fazio , 23 , on thursday . he stabbed and mutilated her dog , and wrote messages in blood on the wall , including : ' i 'm not sorry for what i did ' .
simon mitchell , 44 , stole from donna 's dream house , a charity for terminally ill children based in blackpool , lancashire . following a three year investigation the volunteer worker admitted stealing a laptop and tomtom satnav from the charity . the charity also say mitchell repeatedly let them down and left them picking up the pieces when meetings with his supposed star-studded contacts failed to materialise . mitchell had been given the laptop and a phone to use by
shaquille omar hallisey 's attack in cardiff was described as ' a savage demonstration of violence in a public place ' . victim matthew leeke , 38 , had been out with friends and was making his way home alone when the assault took place . witnesses described seeing three males behind mr lee ke in queen street .
becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when her stolen car was located and returned to her with new red rims . the rims had been spray painted red , there was red detailing on the sides of the car , and her steering wheel now had some orange accents . rather than get upset , she simply took to facebook and posted a photo of her and her new ride , writing ; ' i want to thank the car thieves for pimping out my vehicle for
janet muller was seen walking in a subway in portslade , east sussex . she was reported missing from mill view hospital in nevill avenue , hove . the 21-year-old 's family described her as an ` inspirational , passionate and caring person ' . the day before the grim discovery , miss muller had been reported missing .
steven howie , 28 , of dunfermline , left his girlfriend karen murray , 31 , with 18 separate injuries after assaulting her over an hour . howie punched , kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault , smashed furnishings , and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges . miss murray was unable to get a signal to call police and officers only arrived after guests in another room dialled 999 .
pope francis urged the international community not to ` look the other way ' . he stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken . the 78-year-old has been vocal about the fate of christians being targeted by islamic extremists in parts of the middle east , africa and asia .
the successful applicant will have to travel to various royal residences . must order in ` the freshest seasonal ingredients ' from the queen 's kitchen garden and game from the royal estates . comes after the queen was revealed to have surprisingly simple tastes in food -- including special k , jam sandwiches , chocolate cake , venison and scones .
kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children . he siphoned off the # 400,001 fortune over an eight-year period but when he was finally arrested he told police : ' i played him ' . he was jailed for four-and-a-half years at warwick crown court yesterday .
jack rivera , a new york trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday . footage shows the driver of a black suv coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane .
hayleigh mcbay , 17 , pretended to dump her boyfriend david clarke via whatsapp . but the girl from elgin in moray , scotland , was given a taste of her own medicine . soon after her boyfriend revealed he had also been playing an april fools ' day prank .
the new honda civic concept car is presented at the new york international auto show , wednesday . it comes just a day after it was announced that swindon in wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door civic . currently , just over half of the vehicles produced at the u.s. market .
ashley and mary-kate olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world . despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins . take pre-colonial brazilians , who thought twins were a product of adultery , resulting in the poor innocent mother often being executed for her supposed infidelity .
data bosses have been caught boasting to the mail of the underhand tactics they use to trick homeowners into giving away their secrets . they admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable . they said they could never be honest with people about consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls .
eight-strong team of artists painted 30 phonebooths in five hours overnight . called project ` beijing warmth ' the loveable character baymax appears in the movie big hero 6 . they painted 24 cans of paint , using a total of 24 cans , of paint . they are hoping to raise a smile with stressed-out beijing residents .
helaman barlow , who was chief of the bordering towns of colorado city , arizona , and hildale , utah , says he is revealing the secrets after leaving the church behind . his account comes amid reports that jeffs continues to direct the fundamentalist church of latter-day saints despite being in prison for marrying and raping two 12-year-old girls .
theodosia aresti 's nightmare began when she noticed a foul smell coming from her bathroom and discovered an unidentifiable brown substance bubbling up through the plughole in her bath . within half an hour , the bath stopped filling but the toilet , it made a terrific noise and then , when i looked , it was half full .
oslly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter . breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .
flight ei 660 had left dublin at 8.30 am and was forced to land back at the same airport at 9.20 am . it was confirmed that the landing was not an emergency , and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause . two ryanair planes collided while taxiing on the runway causing part of one of the winglets to be ripped off .
the first hour-long tour through the nga 's current exhibition , ` james turrell : a retrospective ' , took place on wednesday night . ` everyone 's all in it together , so it 's not weird or anything , ' said one man who attended the tour . the tour guide for the retrospective highlights the 70-year-old american artist 's 50 years of work .
a kitsch blue and yellow bathing box on brighton beach in melbourne has sold for a staggering $ 276,000 . it came after five bidders battled it out at auction for the 2.4 m x 2.0 m size box . the winning bidder paid $ 150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history . in sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home after being used as a mechanic 's garage for three generations
michael wheatley walked out of an open jail in may while on day release . he went on to commit an armed robbery which was caught on cctv . wheatley absconding from standford hill prison in kent and went on a robbing spree . the violent thug had previously been handed 13 life sentences .
bloomberg , 73 , is ` considering ' the move , according to britain 's sunday times . he was elected to the top big apple job three times in a row . johnson , who was himself born in new york city , will then have held the position for eight years .
the sickly sweet dessert - which contains 5,000 calories - is on sale at the wicked waffle in north end , portsmouth , for # 25 . customers can manage to clear their plate within 45 minutes , with no toilet breaks , they are awarded the meal for free and a winners ' t-shirt .
delphi automotive has completed the longest automated drive in the us . the nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the district of columbia . along the way , the vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles , construction zones , bridges , tunnels , aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions .
jason cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet after she tried to end their relationship in october last year . he also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in . he and the victim had attended the same school when they were children but got back in contact through facebook in 2013 . they met up for three dates between january and september 2013 but had sex on just one occasion . soon afterwards she began receiving ` creepy '
kathleen blomberg , a resident at the heavily damaged 125 second ave , has been reunited with her two cats , kitty cordelia and sebastian . the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals found the traumatized animals under her bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out . two people died and 22 were injured in last week 's explosion .
warning : graphic content . the disabled cat , called freeman , was sitting in its front garden when the two dogs pounced . dragged the terrified cat on to its neighbour 's lawn before tearing into the pet . police are now investigating after a person , who appears to be a woman . the 90-second attack was captured on cctv by a neighbour .
remington ` remi ' walden , of bainbridge , georgia , was killed when the jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in march 2012 . this march 6 , 2012 photo shows the scene of a crash in britainbridge where four-year-old remi was burned and died when a jeep grand cherokee was struck from the rear by a dodge dakota pickup truck .
cheryl howe , 32 , from morecambe , was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome -lrb- pcos -rrb- at the age of 12 . she has been fighting for six years for treatment on the nhs , spending # 2,000 a year on razors and shaving up to three times a day .
edward nudel , 41 , of staten island broke into his relative 's home on march 11 and strangled a 2-year-old pomeranian named lola ` in an especially depraved and sadistic manner , ' silive reports . nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and , after strangling the dog , he called the relative and said ' i killed lola ' .
dr joe hanson , a science writer and biologist based in austin , texas , pondered this very question and now has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements . by comparison , this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum .
theresa may said police will have to record anti-muslim hate crimes as a separate category , just as anti-semitic crimes are recorded separately . at present some forces , including london 's metropolitan police , do record islamophobic crimes as such . other forces categorise them as hate crimes or specific offences such as assault or grievous bodily harm .
police were forced separate reclaim australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies . crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics . it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups has mocked protests being held around australian .
catherine nevin was allowed out on day release despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband tom shot dead . the 62-year-old was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb . an unsuspecting commuter sat next to her as she made her way through the city centre and to her course in the suburbs .
australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights . homecamp , which launched in january , has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation . one sydney host has been using the website to connect with potential guests and has already had four successful bookings .
yougov poll found 28 % thought nicola sturgeon was the best performer . but few north of the border surprised by her performance . she was a member of the scottish cabinet and deputy first minister since 2007 . her style was deliberately calm , natural and direct . qualities rare in politicians in this age of spin and slipperiness .
kenneth lombardi , who goes by ken , was a red carpet regular for cbs new york , interviewing stars from oprah to ashton kutcher and arnold schwarzenegger . he claims he was forced to quit his job in november and relocate to los angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two male bosses .
melbourne singer daniel buccheri , 25 , started off his speech in a mellow tone on the keyboard , singing of his love for his brother to the tune of stay with me . the unique speech was performed by daniel at poet 's lane in sherbrooke , east of melbourne . it has been viewed over 100,000 times online and included tributes to his brother and his bride .
the southern poverty law center in february filed a lawsuit against georgia department of corrections officials on behalf of ashley diamond . the lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for diamond 's gender dysphoria , a condition that causes a person to experience extreme distress because of a disconnect between the birth sex and gender identity . diamond , who 's 36 , has identified as female since she was a child and began hormone hormone hormone therapy .
olsi beheluli was a member of a gang responsible for selling ` significant quantities ' of class a drugs . the 24-year-old enjoyed living the ` high life ' and gambling with the money he made from the illegal operation , police said . officers seized more than # 4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided the gang 's ` stash house ' in brent , north west london . they also found stacks of money , counterfeit identity documents , and equipment used for drug
labour leader 's looks proved a hit with twitter users during last night 's debate . moments after the labour leader finished speaking , fans took to twitter to coo adoringly about his ` sexy grey tie ' and his smouldering looks . one fan even likened miliband to hansel , a character from modelling comedy zoolander .
the home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy , fresh produce to turn into an easter feast . the results of her aldi experiment include greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree , smashed potatoes and carrots .
carla zampatti presented a celebratory ss15-16 collection at sydney 's opera house today to celebrate the designer 's 50 years in fashion . the stunning presentation kicked off proceedings for mercedes benz fashion week that officially begins this sunday , april 12 . the collection features bold indian pinks , buttercup yellows and electric blues against backdrop of zamprol 's signature black and white tailored pieces .
australian choreographer wade robson , once michael jackson 's staunchest defender , now claims the singer was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child . if judge beckloff gives roberon , 32 , and safechuck , 36 , a green light to proceed with their civil claim , new child molestation allegations will likely be revealed in court against jackson .
the grinch was created by legendary make-up effects artist rick baker . the collection will be auctioned off at the hilton universal city in los angeles , california , and on propstore.com this may 29 . alien edgar bug from men in black has an estimated value of $ 40,000 .
neymar scored twice as barcelona cruised past ligue 1 giants paris saint-germain at the nou camp . the brazilian was on hand to embarrass david luiz as the former chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in spain . rik sharma sorted the best from the rest during the champions league clash with psg .
teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills . they want uk to follow the lead of countries such as finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons . motion calls on the nut to support play in the curriculum at key stage 1 -lrb- five to seven-year-olds -rrb- .
jayden wingler of phoenix , arizona , was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs . while on camera , the youngster883ently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions .
tyler kost , 19 , was arrested last may for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old . most of whom were former classmates at poston butte high school , pinal county attorney 's office says kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation .
jamal al-labani was in yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple 's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter . alazzani was trying to get his family out of the war-torn middle eastern nation and take them to oakland . rebels from the houthi islamist group have been battling to take aden , a last foothold of fighters loyal to saudi-backed president abd-rabbu mansour hadi .
savannah guthrie and carson daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie grease . carson took on the role of olivia newton-john 's character sandy , while savannah , in a leather jacket and sunglasses , was danny , originally played by john travolta .
authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the march 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile ` boiled to death ' at the garold wayne interactive zoological park . the fire was set in the early morning hours that march day and joe schreibvogel , the founder of the zoo , said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire , but also stole a large amount of equipment .
the third programme in the series focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind kfc 's rebranding exercise . viewers are introduced to food stylist dagmar who has to prepare the new products for photography . using her arsenal of styling tools , she arranges pieces of pulled chicken , snips off errant bits of meat , and melts cheese using a hairdryer .
david cameron will say high taxes and wasteful government spending are ` immoral ' as millions receive a tax cut . as 14million working households are given an average boost of # 200 a year to their incomes , the prime minister will set out the conservative case for people keeping more of their own money .
faris al-khori , 62 , had dozens of chemicals , poisonous materials , bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb . equipment was found purely by chance in april last year after a fire at a block of flats in the muirhouse area of edinburgh . firefighters were responding to a 999 call over a fire within a rubbish chute on the 11th floor . the building was evacuated while the police and army explosive ordnance device -lrb- eod -rrb
argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off the falklands coast . officials claim companies active there are acting ` illegally ' in argentine territory . comes after british firms share the exploration area -lrb- premier oil , rockhopper exploration and falkland oil & gas -rrb- .
the highly usual situation was no coincidence , but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer lord & taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range . the move proved an instant success as the $ 88 paisley asymmetrical dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range .
belfast-born iain watters had to leave the show after he binned his baked alaska after the ice cream was left out of the freezer and it melted . but now he 's back with his modern take on traditional fruity easter fare . packed with moist fruit and marzipan , simnel cake has been enjoyed since the medieval times during easter .
ile lout is perched in the midst of morlaix bay in brittany , france . the charming cottage is a comfortable stay and can be hired for the small sum of $ 200 -lrb- # 145 / $ 215 -rrb- for two nights . guests will lodge in the cottage once used by the lighthouse keepers .
latoya tilson , 33 , took out a .25 - caliber handgun and fired several times into the feuding crowd in college park , georgia , on saturday night after she was hit in the face by someone . but while one bullet struck a 17-year-old son , pierre , in the head . his mother had fled the scene , it is alleged .
gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the 1840s creole cottage style home in the central city neighborhood of new orleans almost two years ago . the couple moved it to the freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating . the original staircase separated the building into a duplex .
the probation was decided last week but announced by the university monday . ` rutgers takes seriously its commitment to maintaining a healthy and safe campus environment , ' the university said in a statement . last month , a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in november in which a member of sigma phi epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house .
a new survey by ripley 's believe it or not has shown who we would most like to be in our dream celebrity family . while this morning host and celebrity juice panellist , holly , 34 , has all the qualities of the perfect mother figure . unfortunately for katie hopkins , she came bottom of the list .
the towers , costing the polish government # 2.5 million , will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries using cctv . increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between russia and poland , a member of both nato and the european union .
the strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer gordon ewen . the phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is . they occur when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce , making a specific section of the sun stand out from its surroundings .
vietnamese labourer pham quang lanh , 28 , had metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site . but botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection . fearing he could n't afford any further medical treatment , mr lanh hoped the resulting headaches would eventually subside .
kim ki-jong , 55 , was indicted on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction . on monday , the recovering diplomat , mark lippert , was pictured out on the streets of seoul flanked by five bodyguards . his left hand is still in a cast from the attack .
pope francis told to cut down on pasta intake to two servings a week . doctors concerned about sedentary lifestyle of 78-year-old catholic leader . he has suggested that he does not expect to live to an old age . two weeks ago he told mexican tv he did not think his papacy would last long .
hugh roche kelly , who was flying from berlin to paris yesterday morning , posted the account on his twitter profile of how the pilot managed to dispel the ` tense vibe ' . data from the second black box recorder on germanwings flight 4u9525 today confirmed co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately flew the airbus a320 into the side of a mountain into the french alps .
pep guardiola 's bayern team have scored so far this season . the bavarians took full control of tuesday 's tie after 14 minutes . thiago alcantara opened the scoring for bayern munich . robert lewandowski made it a hat-trick of bayern headers .
louis jordan , 37 , was rescued 200 miles off the north carolina coast . said he survived for more than two months on stricken boat by eating fish . but doubters have questioned how jordan refused medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder . he left hours later after he refused treatment .
the four million square foot motiongate dubai is set to attract over three million tourists annually . the final instalment , the hunger games : mockingjay - part 2 , is debuting on nov 20 , 2015 , and the theme park attractions will be open for fans less than a year later .
molly wood , 74 , died after the burgundy kia venga had its engine running . the pensioner 's sister , 70 , was about to buy a pay and display ticket . she was also injured in the incident but escaped with minor injuries . her sister , who was on a shopping trip with her younger sister , also injured .
andy jordan , who was named one of london 's best-dressed men by american gq , is hoping to follow in his fellow co-stars ' footsteps . following the lead of ollie proudlock and all of the show 's ladies , andy has launched his own line of surf-inspired city wear called jam industries .
andy murray watched lionel messi and co defeat psg in champions league quarter-final second leg clash . the british no 1 watched the catalan giants defeat their rivals 2-0 with retired tennis player hutchins . it was the second time murray has watched luis enrique 's side during his time in barcelona in less than a week .
gary kroeger said he will run in the 2016 democratic primary for iowa 's 1st district . the 57-year-old iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies , such as investing in education and protecting the environment . after a long entertainment career , he moved back to iowa 12 years ago to raise his two sons .
rachel jaajaa and 29-year-old aaron tate 's daughter was found on friday night at a mcdonald 's in elyria , ohio . a patron called 911 after seeing the baby was left alone . they were both arrested monday and charged with child endangering .
panasonic japan said that once the turbofan has moved the air flow to the front of the device , a ` high-pressure jet airflow ' creates straight , direct blasts of air . alternatively , the q has a ' 1/f fluctuation ' function that reduces the force of the flow , and sends ` natural wind ' that mimics outside breeze .
department of public safety trooper billy spears posed for the photo at south by southwest in austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech . spears ' bosses called snoop a figure who has a ` criminal background including numerous drug charges ' after his publicist took the photo . the public figure posted the photo on social media and it reflects poorly on the agency .
jamie silvonek , 14 , and her boyfriend , 20-year-old army spc. caleb barnes , have been charged with homicide and criminal conspiracy . the teen 's attorney said thursday he believes his client was under barnes ' control , given the age disparity .
security officials said member of al-qaeda stormed a hadramawt provincial prison in southeast yemen and freed more than 300 inmates . batarfi is among al qaeda in the arabian peninsula 's top regional commanders , known for his leading role in a 2011-2012 battle with government troops . elsewhere , the advance by iran-backed rebels into aden , the last bastion of hadi supporters came despite a week of saudi-led air strikes .
jamie carragher believes john terry is the best defender to have played in the premier league . the 34-year-old was the star performer as he led jose mourinho 's side to a 0-0 draw against arsenal on sunday . chelsea now need just six points from five games to claim their first premier league title since 2010 .
stuart , 33 , said ex-girlfriend sophie offered up the novel excuse when accused of cheating after discovering that she had contracted chlamydia . ` i 've stopped him seeing the kids because he has n't paid for them , and he keeps threatening me ' . he burst onto the stage to deny he had ever used the bizarre excuse .
neil bantleman , who also holds british nationality , was given one final kiss from his wife before being led away by police . the sentence sparked outrage from his supporters , including the school itself and the international community , who insist he is innocent and expressed concern over the rule of law in indonesia .
jayla currie , 23 , from berne , indiana , is a part of the wee ones nursery program at the indiana women 's prison , a system that was established in 2008 . in 23-year-old jayla 's case that means a 10 month sentence for drug charges .
jasmine midgley was born with a birthmark at 10 weeks old . the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat , almost closing over her airways and choking her . doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper .
chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property ` revolution ' after years of declining home ownership . he pledged to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes . since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases and mr osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years .
the american , known as foxy knoxy , and former boyfriend raffaele sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of the 21-year-old exchange student . they were freed on appeal in 2011 and knox immediately returned to the us where she rebuilt her life finding love with ex school friend colin sutherland . then last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again .
two adjoining ` his and hers ' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned sandbanks peninsula for # 13million . standing just a few feet apart , the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way , boasting an indoor swimming pool , four storeys and stunning sea views . the prospective buyers might have to flip a coin to see who gets which one - because one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom .
eva pusztai-fahidi , 89 , lost her parents and sister in the holocaust . she said seeing former ss officer oskar groening in court is ' a kind of satisfaction ' . comments come after another holocaust survivor angered her fellow plaintiffs by forgiving groening - known as the ` bookkeeper of death ' .
former barcelona and brazil forward ronaldinho came on as the game approached full-time but still struck in the 85th and 90th minutes following earlier goals from yasser corona . tigres monterrey moved up to fourth in the clausura after easing to a 3-0 home victory over monterery .
cara newton , 32 , from fleet , hampshire , had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally after being diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009 . while mrs newton and her husband , chris , 34 , were relieved that chemotherapy had worked , they were devastated to be told they would never have a family of their own . some chemotherapy drugs permanently stop the ovaries from producing eggs . this means a woman can no longer get pregnant and may have symptoms of the menopause
james weld stumped up # 15,000 to bring an end to a three-year stand-off . the previous steps that lead down to the popular tourist attraction were washed away in storms in 2012 . natural england was handed responsibility for the country 's coastal paths under the coastal access act .
around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass english and maths tests before they leave primary school . prime minister said children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind in secondary school . the resit tests will be designed to make sure pupils who leave school without being able to read , write and add up properly have caught up by age 12 .
tripadvisor 's annual cost comparison report compared cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations around the world . in each instance , a club sandwich ordered through room service , dry cleaning on one shirt and the price tag of refreshments from the minibar . eastern europe boasts six of the world 's 10 best value destinations .
martyn reuby won the first round in his legal battle against unite . employment tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses . it has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts . it is also a blow to ed miliband , who has received more than # 13million from unite since becoming leader in 2010 .
john mccallum , 27 , was this week sentenced for a charge of second-degree murder after he broadsided francesca weatherhead , 25 , while fleeing police following a botched burglary . the crash at an intersection in redford , detroit , flipped mrs weatherhead 's vehicle and killed her on october 6 last year . her death caused outrage when it was revealed he had been paroled not five months prior .
a blood red moon lights up the sky during a total lunar eclipse at on october 8 , 2014 in australia . but in the lead up to the rare event tomorrow , the sydney observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night . the next two eclipses are forecast to happen are on april 4 and september 28 , 2015 .
david cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder . he made no mistakes but there were no surprises either . unlike ed he appears fully formed rather than a body language work in progress . clegg is a good speaker but his performance was vintage , ie a complete re-run of his 2010 routine .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of garnett-paul spears . spears chronicled her son 's illnesses on a personal blog called ` garnett 's journey ' . prosecutors said spears loaded the hospitalized boy 's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging .
ellen brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her suv on the tracks at a railroad crossing in valhalla . though the cause of the collision remains unknown , danielle , julia and alexa brody say that their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions about what happened .
hannah campbell , 30 , was struck down with a condition that caused her stomach to rupture , leaving her fighting for her life in intensive care . as she struggled to recover , her relationship broke down with long-term partner and lexi-river 's father anthony mconge , who proposed to her on valentine 's day last year .
actor aidan turner , 31 , has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique to maximum effect . he was ` manscaping ' his once-hairy chest in favour of a less hirsute look ? definitely no ` scything ' here ... aidan 's chest hair looks distinctly more unkempt in this photo shoot for bbc comedy drama being human .
nicola sturgeon was hailed as the shock winner of the tv debate . it is battling to fend off an snp landslide in its traditional scottish heartlands . overall , an average of four polls of viewers put mr cameron just ahead . comres put him on 40 % as the best prime minister , with mr miliband on 28 % .
robert dellinger , 54 , told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming suv . the crash killed 24-year-old amanda murphy , who was eight months pregnant , and her fiance , jason timmons . this is an ultrasound of the couple 's unborn baby who they were going to call reagan elizabeth . during the first day of what
 61 per cent of americans have admitted they do n't extend invitations to friends and family because of their ` home shame ' . general mess , dated carpets and kitchens , unfinished diy projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments . more than half have n't let visitors in to certain rooms , and 36 per cent steer people away from coming to visit altogether .
josh mason , who is standing in lib dem-held redcar , said deputy prime minister was ` not the most popular ' . he said a visit from the party leader to the seat would not ` do us any favours ' . after lib dem hq heard about remarks he was forced to make embarrassing u-turn .
the 28 minute movie in which a woman has sex with a man in a vintage train carriage was filmed on board the epping ongar historic railway in south-west essex . locals in the area were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to american adult film company brazzers . storyline is apparently set in the 1940s , then moves to a wooden-panelled train carriage .
the ` mediterranean-dash intervention for neurodegenerative delay ' -lrb- mind -rrb- diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad - along with an extra vegetable and a glass of wine . these ` brain-healthy foods ' lowered the risk of alzheimer 's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly . for those that followed it moderately well , it lowered risk by about 35 per cent .
benjamin netanyahu said iran 's deal to reduce some of its nuclear programme in return for lifting of sanctions would pave the way for tehran to build an atomic bomb . thousands danced in the streets to celebrate the landmark accord which could finally result in easing of economic restrictions that have caused the price of essentials to soar and businesses to go bust .
the company behind the device says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance . the image shows how the picture might be used . unispectral technologies and tel aviv university , who are behind the system , say it works by analysing a materials ` hyperspectral signature ' .
the prince is due to arrive in australia on the 6th april and will split his time between capital canberra , sydney , darwin and perth . on arrival , harry will be taken straight to the australian war memorial on arrival before heading to barracks to report for duty . afterwards , the 30-year-old will tour the world war i and afghanistan galleries before meeting members of the public .
emma jackson , 28 , moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in hull just over a year ago . within a week of moving in , her dream home turned into a nightmare . after a week , she asked unemployed mark ray to turn it down . but was met with a barrage of abuse that culminated , a year later . now ms jackson has been forced to move home because of mr ray .
purvi patel , 33 , of granger , indiana , took abortion drugs she bought on the internet to cause a miscarriage and disposed of her fetus in a dumpster . after arriving at the hospital , she denied that she had even been pregnant , even though medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her . she told the medical staff she did not see the child breathing or moving and believed it to be dead .
dunkin donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week , prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain 's biggest fans . some of which contain more than half of an adult 's recommended daily intake of salt . the new menu also features two new flavors of cheese , bacon and honey mustard .
lauren bacall , one of hollywood 's great golden age actresses , died in august aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking new york 's central park . among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist john james audubon american white pelican .
jasmine and jasmine were surrendered to pug rescue and adoption victoria in 2013 . they were morbidly obese , struggling to breathe , and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis . after six months of rehabilitation , both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored . jasper underwent entropion surgery to reshape and remodel his eyelids as well as major dental work .
lorraine cobourn was hit by a canary-coloured taxi in may last year . 51-year-old had to leave her job as a barclays bank clerk as a result of injuries . she has received two payouts and is undergoing counselling to help her deal with the psychological damage she received .
marcelo and mario suarez were booked during the 0-0 draw at the vicente calderon . neither player were happy with referee milorad mazic , both feeling that their challenges were n't strong enough to be punished with a card . suarez expressed his frustration after the game .
andy mcilvaine , 33 , was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from baltimore to maine in october to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend kelley mulfinger . touched by his story , they gave him a $ 100 voucher as a gift .
high school students in north east china 's jilin province are being forced to the sidewalk everyday to eat their lunch . with teachers banning packed lunches and erecting barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling . the students ' only option is to leave school grounds to eat everyday .
the 25-year-old signed a letter calling for a labour government signed by people ` from all walks of life ' . but the plan quickly unravelled as it was revealed the 100 ` working people ' supporting mr miliband included a benefit fraudster , a boss who has used zero-hours workers , affluent students and a string of union and party activists . today the move continued to backfire spectacularly as another of the signatories appeared to switch her allegiance to green party leader natalie
paul ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet . his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him . on friday , u.s. district judge vernon broderick told facebook inc. and owner mark zuckerberg they have until monday to relinquish the information .
the 41-year-old mother-of-two is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers . along with some 60 other specialists in this country , she whizzes it into smoothies , or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits .
farrend rawson played 90 minutes in the millers ' 1-0 win against brighton . but he was not involved in rotherham 's 2-0 defeat at middlesbrough on saturday . matt derbyshire won the game in question 1-1 , despite him being ineligible .
the state 's largest teacher 's union is calling him out for his ` bullying ' behavior . ` he 's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events , ' steve wollmer of the nj education association told nj.com . ` it 's the one thing that never seems to change , ' christie said .
former national security chief zhou yongkang is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets . he is likely to be found guilty , and could be executed . the all-powerful chinese communist party has always been reluctant to admit to any high level wrongdoing , despite growing murmurs that the greed of officials has been running out of control .
a 50-year-old driver will front court on tuesday faced with a string of charges after police allege he rammed his car into the home at delaneys creek , north-west of brisbane . police say five people , including a woman believed to be the man 's ex-partner , were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it . a terrifying scene then unfolded , with the driver of the car allegedly climbing out of the smashed vehicle and stabbing a
ahmed al-karim , head of the salahuddin provincial council , said fighters burnt ` hundreds of houses ' in the last two days . comes as prime minister haider al-abadi ordered iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of tikrit , retaken from the islamic state group this week .
nsw traffic and highway patrol command shared the bizarre image on their facebook page , showing a silver car on the side of a busy road laden down with a vast amount of large red chillies . according to several commenters on the post , the incident occurred on bridge st in hornsby on the upper north shore of sydney .
more than 7million gardens in britain have now been paved over . there are not just environmental consequences of replacing grass and wild flowers . royal horticultural society is calling on people to plant trees , shrubs , climbers , hedges or flowers to attract wildlife , improve air quality and reduce urban temperatures .
kadeem brown , 25 , was waiting with her mother at a bus stop when she was hit by the cab . he slid into the opposite curb before coming to a stop . his green taxi struck and killed little tierre clark who was five . the victim is seen in the red circle .
charles kane of spencerport , new york had communicated with the girl online after posting a craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship . he was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer .
jesse roepcke , 27 , was busted in ormond beach sunday on charges of pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia . while in jail , police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside . as he was strip-searched , a bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum .
angela collins and margaret elizabeth hanson from port hope , ontario , decided to use xytex corp to start a family in 2006 , believing they had a strict vetting process . the pair were told their donor had an iq of 160 , a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience , a master 's degree in artificial intelligence , and was working on his phd in neuroscience engineering . but in june 2014 they discovered his name was james christian aggeles , according
mohammad liaqat stormed into a catholic school and launched a tirade . he hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents . the 34-year-old objected to the strict uniform policy at mount carmel high school . after being arrested , he was told to stay away from the school so went to another school nearby where he continued his rant .
the icefin was deployed -lrb- and retrieved -rrb- the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor . the vehicle carried a scientific payload capable of measuring ocean conditions under antarctica 's ice shelves .
kayla mooney , 24 , is in her first year of teaching science at danbury high school in connecticut . she turned herself into police at 5pm on tuesday . her arrest came after the school 's administration contacted police in february with the allegations and the danbury police department 's special victims unit launched a seven-week investigation .
the gap between wage rises for young and older staff has widened significantly during the past five years . critics said employers cynically taking advantage of older workers who stay with the same company for longer by failing to train and promote them or give them decent annual pay rises . last year , workers aged 18 to 24 received bumper 10.6 per cent pay rises , falling to 3.8 per cent for workers aged 25 to 34 and to 2 per cent .
foreign gps now account for 11 per cent of family doctors , new figure show . figure is 71 per cent in barking and dagenham , east london , 63 % in north lincolnshire . nhs employs 40,584 gps , of whom 8,941 are from overseas .
jan hansen 's egg is so big that it took him three days to put together . it is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars . the 58-year-old chocolatier commissioned an iron worker to make a special frame . he then finished the egg off using a ` rough bark ' finish .
the lunar event - where earth 's shadow completely blocks the moon - lasted only five minutes , making it the shortest eclipse of the century . the so-called ` blood moon ' could be seen by billions of people across the western u.s. , canada and australia . the best spot this morning was at the mississippi river , where spectators caught the entire five minutes of the orb around 5am pt .
researchers created a model for this ` hybrid spreading ' which accurately predicted patients ' progression from hiv to aids in a major clinical trial . they say early treatment is key to staving off aids . as hiv progresses , it reduces the number of active t-cells in the body until the immune system can not function correctly .
the tsa got to keep $ 675,000 in spare change dropped by travellers last year . over the past five years , airline passengers have left behind more than $ 2.7 million in quarters and dimes . the money collected appear to be increasing every year , according to transportation security administration .
nrl head of football todd greenberg has vowed to issue canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans . referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between south sydney and cantersbury ended in controversy . he said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found .
daniel demarco , of lodi , was arrested in an elmwood park car lot at 2.45 pm on friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine , a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia . police on scene believed he looked suspicious as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel , police chief michael foligno said .
the heads of some of britain 's best state schools warn of the dangers of a labour government reversing radical education reforms . in a letter to the daily mail , 80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children . but they say labour -- and some senior lib dems -- appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls .
colin mcinerney , 28 , claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man , two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on friday night . the man 's 22-year-old girlfriend , rachael sheppard , told the nt news he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in darwin .
youtube user joe penna and animator jeff schweikart took three-to-four days to complete the project . the short narrative features a robot entering a workshop , building a spaceship and heading off into the atmosphere . after encountering trouble , he crash lands on a planet and is first greeted by a dog before he meets the love of his life .
mike holpin , 56 , says he wants more children because it is ` god 's will ' . he says 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage . if they had completed just one year in care each , it would leave taxpayer with a bill for # 2.4 million .
` pro-anorexia ' sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over # 7,000 . deputies in the national assembly in paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber-stamped by the senate . around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in france , the vast majority women and teenage girls .
many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay that would allow young workers to earn around $ 50 an hour as a casual . but the australian chamber of commerce has launched a campaign for small businesses to voice their concerns and call on the federal government to make changes to the penalty rates .
pat ingles , 69 , loves to party the night away dancing on tables . retired hairdresser prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking until the early hours . she has been diagnosed with prostate cancer after dutifully caring for him during the last nine years of his life .
toni elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee . however , when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand . forty-nine precious stones followed . elliot reportedly remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards .
claire coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test . topshop beauty 's eye shadow creates an iridescent shimmer and the lunar colour is perfect for a smokey eye while the high street giant also stocks a wide range of nail polish and lip colour . the foundation -lrb- # 16 -rrb- was a rather pleasant surprise .
the yazidis , made up of women , children and the elderly , are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect . they were piled onto minibuses that drove them to a handover southwest of kirkuk . the 216 prisoners have been held captive since last summer .
photographer scott gable , 39 , spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food . rice is a staple food for more than one-half the world 's population , but for many consumers , its origin remains somewhat of a mystery .
harold ekeh , 18 , has been accepted by every single one - including all eight ivy league schools . it comes a year after another high schooler from long island , kwasi enin , was met with the same news . he says his parents ' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity he was afforded .
the tidwell middle school student started a blog on a writers website called wattpad in august last year that was called ` killing children ' . there were 11 chapters published online up until january this year , featuring stories titled ` massacre ' , ` thrown under the bus ' and ` blood , blood , and more blood ' .
jamyra gallmon , of washington d.c. , was arrested on wednesday , according to police . she has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old david messerschmitt . police had released surveillance video of a ` person of interest ' who was seen entering the donovan hotel shortly after messerchmitt texted his wife kim vuong at 7.45 pm to tell her he would be home in an hour
the 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on youtube . it comes as she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child . the workout queen is about 15 weeks pregnant and is best known for her 12-week exercise program , ashy bines bikini body challenge .
 direct assist , based in bolton , lancashire , told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim . information commissioner 's office registered 801 concerns about the company between january 2013 and july last year . every complaint came from someone who was registered with the tps and who had not given permission for the company to call them .
china , south korea and japan have all banned new charter flights of thai carriers after an audit by the un 's international civil aviation organization . casa , thai airways is the only thai airline that regularly operates in australia . the regulator claims to have made contact with the airline and the thai aviation safety regulator for ` further detailed information ' .
the boston runbase scheduled to open april 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world 's most prestigious road race . it will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the charles river , and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the convention center across the street .
donna hussey branded a ` bad mum ' by trolls who blame her for death . the 32-year-old was killed when a huge portable cabin came loose from a land rover . mrs hussey had just dropped her son archie to school , was helpless as the trailer mounted the pavement and crushed young freddie against a wall in bedminster , bristol . a passing lorry driver tried to resuscitate him and paramedics arrived within minutes , but he died shortly afterwards at bristol
 locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are being used to radicalise muslims . those involved in such activities ` take part in seemingly ordinary activities ' in the community but ` have an ulterior motive ' . incidents of islamic extremist activity in wales can be traced back to 1998 .
scientists in italy have extracted the oldest ever dna sample to be taken from a neanderthal . calcium formations on ` altamura man ' suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old . now researchers plan to sequence his dna to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors .
orana wildlife park in new zealand 's christchurch has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat . 20 people , including visitors and zoo keepers , climb inside to have lunch with a lion with a pack of hungry beasts clambering over the cage .
joseph getty , 26 , pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban . he had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped . his conviction came just a day after his relative andrew getty was found dead at his hollywood home .
john noble , 53 , said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free pass to the m resort 's buffet for harassing female employees in 2013 . included in the detailed package was a two hour dvd in which a clearly upset noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled ` the curse ' .
ukip mep diane james has insisted the party would carry on if nigel farage failed to become an mp . but he insisted the show would go on without him and that ukip was ` not at all ' a one-man band . she said : ` we 've got a very , very high-calibre of individuals within uritip ' .
bryan santana , of orlando , florida , is accused of killing his former roommate shelby fazio and her dog last october . he was described as ` delighting ' in the pain he allegedly caused the young woman . jurors also heard the after allegedly wrapping a belt around his neck and stabbing her in the throat with a pen , santana""""""""""""""""""""""""
photographer victor albert prout developed negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt . despite being more than 150 years old , most of the images capturing the iconic landmarks along the river thames are instantly recognisable today . images are to be sold as a collection at the oxford book fair and are estimated to sell for around # 30,000 .
around 1,800 workers at the compagnie mauricienne de textile factory went on strike last week about their pay , harsh treatment , food and concerns about a missing worker . now 69 of the women have been deported to bangladesh and scores more now fear for their jobs . whistles and the fawcett society defended the factory , claiming it conformed to ` ethical standards ' .
ephedra foeminea is the only plant species so far that 's known to behave in this way . the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects . when a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night , the pollen it 's carrying is used to fertilise the seed .
the university of sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for year 11 students at the elite school scot 's college , fairfax media reported . students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses , including bachelor degrees in health sciences , liberal arts and science , animal and veterinary bioscience , visual arts , music and oral health . minutes of a university academic board meeting show staff were worried over how the course was being advertised to year
peter thurston , 80 , took his boat out on the river swale in kent . the catamavan has an oven , fridge , shower , toilet , double bed and two tables . hundreds of two-litre bottles fill the twin hulls , so the boat wo n't sink even if it gets a hole as he travels up and down the same stretch of river .
uk is second largest aid donor in the world . spending on foreign aid is set to increase by # 1billion over next two years . but new eu accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured . britain 's overseas contributions will swell even further was unpopular with tory backbenchers .
winchester council said annual clean-up of roads had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic . but hse denied tightening rules and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation . former poet laureate sir andrew motion accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining countryside .
drug company novartis has been accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ` cheap , safe and effective ' treatment for sight loss on the nhs . it has ` bullied ' experts who have tried to prove that a cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness .
the south australian senator 's partner sophie allouache gave birth to baby hannah in adelaide on good friday . ms wong shared the news with her 100,000 twitter followers on tuesday morning . the couple used the same sperm donor who helped them become parents to three-year-old alexandra .
physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained . now , one scientist says this may not be true , and that interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within . the research marks a significant step toward solving the ` information loss paradox ' .
the elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of first group buses so passengers - who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam - could falsely claim from insurers . the crashes took place between october 2010 and january 2012 and earned ringleader john smith 45 , from connah 's quay , north wales , # 159,000 . in each case , the driver of the car would admit full liability , allowing all of the passengers from the bus to submit personal injury
the 5,300-ton hms talent limped back to port with a huge dent . defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash . but the collision , which ripped a 6ft hole at the top of the conning tower , comes at a time of heightened tension between britain and russia .
the world 's largest atom-smashing machine is most famous for proving existence of the higgs boson - but scientists hope it will now unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe . the lhc is situated underground below the border between switzerland and france , and consists of nearly 17 miles of circular tunnels .
the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas . many of the super-rich are having them built -- complete with huge comfy seats and cup-holders , eardrum-blasting surround-sound systems , massive screens and even cocktail bars . celebrities with a home cinema include the sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch , retail tycoon sir philip green and chelsea fc owner roman abramovich .
john shipton 's uniquely designed two-bedroom home at 36 kent street , newtown in sydney 's inner west , was first put on the market for at least $ 1.1 million . but the founder of the wikileaks party , whose son is still seeking refuge in london 's ecuadorean embassy , managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price on wednesday .
the selection process , held at five-star hotels , was so quick that by 8am the next day applicants had received an email informing them if they had a job . it is the latest example of how the nhs is recruiting overseas because it has failed to train enough staff in britain to meet the needs of the rising and ageing population .
 etienne gould nunan was born at melbourne 's monash hospital in july last year . his parents , carman and jonathan nunan , have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing , with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed .
nicola sturgeon said rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners in scotland because they do n't live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country . she issued a demand for a huge inflation-busting increase in the state pension , which would cost billions of pounds more .
detective patrick cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst which was viewed more than three million times on youtube . the new york police department 's internal affairs bureau launched an investigation into the incident , which occurred in the west village , after footage captured by a passenger was posted online .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu slammed the iran nuclear deal . he said it would threaten the survival of israel and put his people in mortal danger . the preliminary agreement set out a framework where iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for western powers dropping stringent economic sanctions .
pop band fifth harmony and duo mkto brought music to the event , and mrs obama joined the so you think you can dance all stars on stage . this comes just days after she sported her mom dance moves on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon during a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 .
ian walters , 51 , ` deliberately veered his 4x4 off the m1 causing it to explode ' . he was returning home with his wife from a ` make-or-break ' week away in north yorkshire . court heard two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of pick-up truck . court told his wife , tracy , died after making a flurry of calls to police .
the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. wednesday on the bryan center plaza in durham , north carolina . the area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the center for multicultural affairs . duke university students took to social media sites to discuss the issue , with many believing it was racially motivated .
price war set to break out following landmark decision by eu to scrap quotas restricting production . quota system abolished today after 30 years allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty . move expected to drive spike in production , particularly in countries like ireland , germany and the netherlands .
julian lines was filmed grappling to find footholds and handholds . 42-year-old , who has been solo climbing for almost 30 years , is seen grappling . mr lines , from northern ireland , said : ` life 's problems evaporate ' when he is climbing .
v stiviano showed off two new accessories while out to lunch thursday . the 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco . this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8 million in gifts she received from her ex , embattled former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling .
residents of celoron , new york , reacted with shock and horror when the ' i love lucy ' statue was unveiled in 2009 . following a social media campaign to have the bronze statue removed , sculptor dave poulin called it ` by far my most unsettling sculpture ' .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula -lrb- aqap -rrb- before he was jailed by yemeni officials . two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in , killing two guards .
the star is well-known for her saintly approach to food and exercise . it continues to pay off - at 42 she has the figure of a woman half her age . the black bikini is a classic must-have item in every woman 's wardrobe . goop and us totally approve . check out revolve .
the men 's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping russia . comes ahead of a giant military parade in red square on may 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of end of the second world war . the black sea peninsula fell back into moscow 's hands after ` little green men ' in unmarked uniforms .
the boy scouts ' new york chapter said thursday that it has hired the nation 's first openly gay eagle scout as a summer camp leader . the national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts , but not adults as leaders , after a bitter debate over its membership policy .
pictures taken from the food you ate for dinner , to the bags you lovingly packed for the plane , every detail of our ` luxurious ' travels can be documented for social media feeds . but sometimes we are guilty of not showing the entire story , and the truth can paint a whole other picture .
engineers believe the super absorbent properties of tampons could be used to detect pipes that shunt sewage into streams instead of treatment plants . they found that the cotton products absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper , laundry detergents and shampoos , which glow under uv light . it 's estimated that around five per cent of homes in the uk have pipes that are misconnected , causing them to leak sewage .
the eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the u.s bank in santa cruz at around 3pm last friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money . his blonde wig , female clothing , glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with mrs doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name . robin williams played a divorcee who dresses as an elderly female nanny to spend more time with his children .
high winds blowing sand across the united arab emirates have caused mayhem for people trying to travel and work in the country . dubai 's large skyscrapers and tower blocks can barely be made out because of the sandstorm . visibility drops to less than 500 meters , while walkers have donned masks to protect their lungs .
boris majnaric , 75 , of south jordan , built the 384-sq-ft , four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit . neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons , detailing excess droppings and noise and last tuesday the structure was finally demolished . maj naric , who was so fond of his flock he once delivered cpr to an ailing member , was not present for the demolition
malia obama , 16 , is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016 . she has n't even finished high school , but president obama said the thought of her heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis . the 11th grade student , who attends the private sidwell friends school in washington , d.c. , has already visited at uc berkeley , stanford , nyu , columbia , harvard
 cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the fab four 's 1967 album sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band . cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including bob dylan and marlon brando were on the cover picture .
madison small , from ashburn , virginia , left school early on monday and , after she woke up in the night with a severe headache . by tuesday afternoon , her father , tim small , had contacted the broad run high school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . the virginia medical examiner 's office is investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered .
the drug was developed by the british pharmaceutical giant astra zeneca . it was shelved after it proved ineffective . scientists at yale university in connecticut in the us have revealed how the treatment , called azdo5030 , restored memory in mice given alzheimer 's disease .
anthony stokes , 17 , died on tuesday afternoon as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman 's home in roswell , georgia . his death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at children 's healthcare of atlanta . the condition can lead to irregular heartbeats , blood clots or heart failure .
lauren crawley , 54 , from kings langley , hertfordshire , was given a new platinum implant that makes it easier to blink again . a few years ago she started losing her sense of balance and developed tinnitus - my gp referred me for scans which showed i had a large but benign brain tumour behind my left ear . surgery was the only option . thankfully the operation , in july 2012 , was a success .
shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a melbourne nightclub just before the easter long weekend . police say the man had been ejected from the club late thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind . the 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
the area is famous for its rock formations , deep valleys and ancient subterranean hideouts . the latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in cappadocia . the city dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of earth .
nathaly hernandez has lived at the home of the innocents nursing facility in kentucky since she was three months old . she was filmed as she perfectly lip-synced to miley cyrus ' wrecking ball . footage shows her putting her heart and soul into the song - particularly as the rousing chorus builds . as she opens her mouth wide and scrunches up her face , nathaly determinedly raises her arms to indicate she 's singing at the top
zoe dennise prince , 28 , was working at the gold coast amusement park until september last year . she was allegedly injured on may 20 , 2013 when she allegedly experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride . ms prince is suing for up to $ 292,000 in general damages and $ 193,375 for her predicted loss of income in the future .
suzanne adams ' son james robshaw was born with cerebral palsy . she failed to carry out a caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour . james can not speak , dress or feed himself without assistance of a machine . his intellect has remained fairly well intact and he communicates through eye-gaze equipment .
maria malone-guerbaa , 41 , from london , used nothing but paints to turn herself into an uncanny painting of a grey rabbit with blue eyes . the final result took three hours to achieve after maria simply googled pictures of bunnies , picking one she liked best and replicating the image on her face .
shaun andrew mckerry , 31 , burst into shildon post office and stores in county durham wielding an axe and demanding cash . but he was foiled after shopkeeper sab dhillon heard mckarry 's demands and ran from the back of the shop and rugby tackled him further . he was dubbed ` boomerang boy ' in the 1990s after he was arrested 80 times in 1995 and 45 times during the 36 weeks he managed to stay out of prison in 1998
gul ahmad saeed , 25 , allegedly shot dead his fiancee , her parents and seven of her siblings on sunday . their deaths came just months after he is alleged to have killed his own parents , brother and sister-in-law . saeed has been on the run ever since , but returned to his home town in north-west pakistan at the weekend .
gang of four were seen trying to hack into a stolen audi at speeds of 145mph . they fled police in the stolen car after nearby residents reported seeing sparks flying from the cash machine . when they were arrested at a flat in tamworth a list of atms was found . they were tracked to a block of flats in staffordshire after they spent eight minutes trying to access the vault - causing # 20,000 of damage .
lisa williams , 49 , hit taxi driver david coleman three times with the hammer . the two families had been ` neighbours at war ' since the colemans moved in next door to the family on st catherine 's road , chingford , in 2007 . when the victim went to confront him , they got into a fight , the court heard that william 's sibling jonathan had smeared mud all over the front bay windows .
valerie cadman-khan , 56 , appeared on this morning to talk about the incident . she recalled events of 2008 to presenter ruth langsford when daughter aimee , now 19 , was just 12 . she said the worst part of the arrest was the aftermath in which her abilities as a mother were called into question .
charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found . he was found at the pi kappa alpha house in columbia , not far from campus , around 10:30 am on march 18 , the morning after an alleged ` kegger ' at the house for the annual irish holiday .
franida kahlo penned the letters to jose , a catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in new york . their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to mexico following the trip and continued throughout their secret three-year romance . the archive of passionate messages , which comprise more than 100 pages , were passed down through different generations his family until they reached the current owner .
michelle gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips , chains , swords and scantily clad women before selling the videos online . the former lib dem councillor , 50 , used the party 's offices in ashfield , nottinghamshire , to hold auditions for the sordid films . some of the clips show women bound with leather straps , while others show girls drenched in fake blood .
scientists funded by cancer research uk studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men . it seems that most of the cells in a tumour stay where they are . however , a small number have the ability to travel through the body , creating new tumours as they go .
punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016 . many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts drake and avicii . but others were quick to make fun of future festival goers , blaming ` shirtless f *** wits ' for ruining the festival and joking that ` gym memberships and ecstasy dealers ' would be hardest hit
scientists have used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old . the technique has allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have once looked . under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed , labelled b , allowing their colours to be reconstrcuted . instead of being a simple white colour , they were infact covered in streaks
passengers snapped photos of the damaged winglet after two ryanair planes collided at dublin airport . passengers escaped injury when the planes collided as they taxied to a runway shortly before 8am , but the incident caused disruption for hundreds of travellers . passengers on board both planes were taken back to the terminal by bus .
anthony corrales of new jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter , 10 , last june near resorts world casino in the queens section of new york city . he then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car 's license plate number , he was mowed down by the car , and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver .
ambra battilana , 22 , did not ` co-operate ' with authorities for four days . it has been claimed the delay was because the italian model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role . but once the ` pipe dream ' came to nothing , she decided to pursue the criminal case .
labour leader 's secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ` relish the chance to show who i am ' . embarrassingly for the labour leader , the ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the salford itv studios where mr miliband clashed with david cameron , nick clegg and four other party leaders .
luo kun kun was expelled from his village when locals signed a petition to banish him to ` protect villagers ' health . following that cold-hearted decision , the mournful child explained how , ` nobody plays with me , i play alone ' . now a specialist school in linfen , a city in southern shanxi province , has stepped in to help .
amelia rose jones was allegedly murdered by her grandfather mark jones . the 25-year-old died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital . miss jones told newport crown court that after she had left her baby in the care of her father for the first time on november 16 to go on an evening out with her friends she returned home and he said he had a difficult night with the child .
roy keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver . the 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence . he did not attend a brief hearing at trafford magistrates ' court today . he is accused of causing harassment , alarm or distress to altrincham .
the woman 's body was found at derby motor boat club in sawley , leicestershire . the club 's rear commodore , steve bilbie , said : ` we are very upset , but we ca n't say anything else ' . post-mortem examination failed to establish a cause of death .
the melbourne apartment , which is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper australia 108 , is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country . it is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with huge walk in robes and ensuites . the new owner , whose identity was not disclosed , will have 360 degree views over melbourne 's cbd , their own private grand foyer and glass elevator . construction has started on the building , which was designed by fender kats
sikander rafiq , 34 , and samara jabreen , 32 , lied to birmingham city council about their relationship in a scam spanning an eight year period . the couple , from ward end , birmingham , claimed # 66,268 housing benefit , council tax benefit and income support .
the $ 40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers . lawsuits have been brought against uber in san francisco and los angeles . this week in denver , a driver tried and failed to break into a passenger 's home . and in london , a woman was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her driver . these claims , among others , follow a data leak last may .
the #skyhighselfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on virgin 's dreamliner 787 routes . windows that can be darkened with a touch of a button and full length windows in the toilets . designed to be cosy and comfortable comes on as the plane flattens out on its journey .
six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow pilots to ` look through ' the air-frame , giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies . all of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed , altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet 's visor rather than the traditional ` heads-up display ' .
tracy morgan was seen in public looking greatly improved as he walked with a cane on monday . he was accompanied by his fiancee megan wollover and their daughter maven as they did some shopping in new jersey . it comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend james mcnair and injured three others .
allie davis , 21 , is so obsessed with beyonce that she made her boyfriend take a written exam on the famous singer in order to stay with her . she posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on twitter , revealing that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent . after a series of questions about the singer 's songs , allie demands : ` briefly explain the solange knowles elevator incident
pankaj saw fell from a macquarie park balcony to his death on thursday . he was on the phone to his wife back in india at the time of the fall . emergency services were called to the unit block on cottonwood crescent . mr saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries .
italian model ambra battilana , 22 , has claimed the 63-year-old hollywood producer asked her for a kiss and groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night . but while weinstein has spoken to police and denied the accusations , a recorded conversation between him and battilana""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
the senate democratic leader said he may not regain vision in that eye following a new year 's day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised because ' i ca n't see out of my eye , and that 's the way it 's going to be until something comes along that 'll change it ' . ` right now , i 've had 11 hours of surgery . they 've tried . i can live with that , ' he said , according to fusion and univision anchor j
ruba khandaqji , 36 , was arrested wednesday for threatening to hire a hitman to kill gov. rick scott . she called the osceola county sheriff 's office on monday telling the dispatcher to ` shut up and listen ' . the pharmacist told them she did not have to abide by u.s. laws because she was being held against her will by the government .
scientists from the university of southampton studied fossilised organic molecules taken from sedimentary rocks that originally accumulated on the bottom of the north-eastern panthalassic ocean . the rocks are now exposed on the queen charlotte islands , off the coast of british columbia , canada .
alexander bradley told bristol county superior court justice susan garsh he would be able to testify that hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player odin lloyd . the 25-year-old is charged with killing lloyd , who was dating his fiancee 's sister .
professor ninian peckitt , 63 , claimed he had simply ` digitally manipulated ' the patient 's face as part of hospital treatment , but witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him . the world-renowned surgeon has lectured on the use of titanium implants to treat disfigured patients .
researchers at joint base lewis-mcchord in tacoma , washington , concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment . ` it was certainly intuitive as the wars went on and suicides went up for people to assume that deployment was the reason , but our data show that is too simplistic , when you look at the total population , deployment is not associated with suicide , ' said lead author mark reger .
the six-month-old had fallen from a building in zetland , inner-east of sydney , last month and sustained serious injuries . it was taken in by a local vet clinic , who shared the story of aptly-named ` seven ' on social media . since then , the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for his hefty medical bills and surgeries .
the prelate was sacked from a religious order in taranto after one of his online lovers contacted the church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes . the priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played judas escariot , and had to atone for his betrayal of jesus by becoming his slave .
the unidentified family , a 38-year-old mother , 42 , and their two sons , apparently died from gunshot wounds . tulsa police said ` based on the physical evidence inside the house ' , they believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself and are not seeking a suspect .
wayne kyle said he and wife deby were ` surviving ' now that they finally had time to process their son 's death . chris kyle and friend chad littlefield were shot dead at a texas gun range in 2013 . in february , routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole .
katherine hadsell says she 's eager for police to give ` more insight into what they 're actually doing ' to find 18-year-old college student anjelica hadsell . the longwood university student was home for spring break when she vanished . police just this past week focused their search on a pond near carrsville after getting a new tip that her cell phone may be below its surface .
mohamed hamdin , 24 , appeared at downing centre court for his indecent assault hearing on tuesday as details of the alleged incident emerged . new south wales police say hamdin touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately during the concert of u.s. rappers yg and ty dolla $ ign at enmore theatre , in sydney 's inner-west , on australia day this year .
kong meng xiong , 21 , allegedly forced a tearful 15-year-old girl into his car on saturday and screamed , ` you will never see your parents again ! ' in attempt to force her to be his teen bride . the girl 's parents were not home at the time . when the girl returned home from work at around noon on sunday , they learned of the kidnapping from their oldest son .
the inn , which will have 20 bedrooms , is being built in the prince 's model village in dorset as a joint development between the duchy of cornwall and brewery hall & woodhouse . the estate already has a prince george house . the pub is expected to open early next year .
the needy owlet was spotted tactfully creeping along a tree branch . the little owl 's sibling rivalry gets the better of him , as he swoops under his brother 's wing . the scene was photographed from just six metres away by dean mason . the bird was introduced to the uk in the 19th century and is most common in central , southern and south eastern england .
australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the australian mainland while now it 's disappeared from around 80 per cent . the rabbit-eared easter mascot is under threat with bilby numbers becoming dangerously low . in recent years the bilby has become an important part of the easter tradition however .
churchill , then 84 , was president eisenhower 's guest of honour . party held on the 20th anniversary of nazi germany 's invasion of poland . also seen are viscount charles portal , 1st baron arthur tedder and lieutenant general brian horrocks .
gary dahl 's wife marguerite dahl confirmed on tuesday that her husband of 40 years died march 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . his rocks came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for ` care and feeding ' and made him a millionaire .
michael olsen , 52 , from dartford , kent , was challenged by pcs mark bird . he initially ignored officers who were pursuing him by car . when they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to pc wilson 's head . they were able to restrain and arrest him , where they found a bag of bullets in his pocket .
sean mccabe booked st david 's church for his funeral in late january 2014 . the father-of-three was diagnosed with cancer in june 2013 , then aged 28 , and was started on an intensive chemotherapy course . just two months later told cancer had returned aggressively and is pictured after chemotherapy in 2014 .
john schumann penned the 1983 song , i was only 19 at a reclaim australia rally . it has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies aimed to oppose ` sharia law , halal tax and islamisation ' . the song honours all australians who have put themselves in harm 's way for their country .
lillian roldan came forward to author john glatt to say she dated castro from 2000 to 2003 , a three-year period during which castro kidnapped and imprisoned michelle knight and amanda berry in his ohio home . she says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner . however , she says he did keep his basement padlocked , which she found peculiar . when she asked about the need to lock the door , castro allegedly told
kim howe 's two adult stepchildren are said to be considering suing the former olympic athlete following her death . mrs howe was driving a white lexus , which jenner 's cadillac escalade rear-ended on a segment of the pacific coast highway in malibu , california , on february 7 .
rilwan oshodi bought karen budow 's bank account details for # 3,200 . he spent her savings on cheeseburgers , bottles of champagne and top-of-the-range computers . but a judge told him today that if he does not return his ill-gotten gains he will have to spend four more years in prison .
rosie , 27 , models her new summer sleepwear collection . full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints . visit site topshop satin and lace balconette bra and knickers from the new collection , rosie oozed old hollywood vibes in the retro inspired set .
the london-born artist , 22 , has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free , low-carb and low sugar diet . the chubby , suit-wearing soul singer has gone and replaced with a new body confident sam , complete with designer stubble and a trendy new wardrobe .
aleksandr glushko , 21 , of delta junction drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he 'd just crashed . but his bright idea turned sour when an alaskan railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site . he has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol .
gertrude weaver , who was already the oldest person in america , asked president barack obama to attend her birthday party on the fourth of july . the silver oaks health and rehabilitation center in camden , where weaver was a resident , confirmed her death and said they were ` devastated by her loss ' .
 chase lacasse , 19 , was arrested by real state police in new hampshire . he was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police . the teenager had posted on social media that he wanted to join the police . it is not known whether he identified himself as an officer in any way other than his dress .
apryl foster was last seen leaving a bar alone in ybor city after a night of partying , having finished work at 11pm at ulele restaurant . after a widespread search , the 33-year-old was found by divers in her submerged car in brandon , just a few blocks from her house . autopsy showed foster 's blood alcohol level at 0.18 , which is over twice the legal limit for driving , and detected the presence of thc , a component of marijuana .
maryland 's middle class is the highest paid in the country , with an average income of $ 72,237 , followed by new jersey with $ 70,165 . top five is completed by hawaii and the district of columbia , where middle class citizens are paid an average higher than $ 67,500 .
iain mackay , 40 , believed to have argued with thai girlfriend moments before his death . incident happened in hua hin , a coastal town and beach resort 120 miles south-west of bangkok . onlookers called paramedics after he was found bleeding profusely at the shop .
morrisons named best place to get breakfast in the uk - beating restaurants , pubs and hotels to win the title . it was picked out by judges of menu innovation and development awards for its value for money , food quality and customer satisfaction . the supermarket chain offers a variety of breakfasts from porridge with red berries to its infamous big breakfast for # 4.50 .
one in five young professionals now considers themselves to have dirnking problem . survey found binge drinking costs british economy # 4.9 bn every year . one in five admitted to forgetting how they got home , driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was intoxicated .
ellen weirich , who dedicates her life to helping ` trans ' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin . the finishing school is held in ellen 's home which houses a vast collection of wigs , make-up and clothes which her clients have access to . ellen gives advice on improving posture .
marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls . the russian artist says she ca n't keep up with orders . the product description states that the 5.5 in bird was crafted from mink fur and his joints are ` movable ' .
eight of those whose sentences were commuted - an act the white house said continues obama 's push to make the justice system fairer . the effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing . mr obama issued his first round of commutations under new guidelines that were put in place to cut costs by reducing the growing prison population .
victor sena blood-dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private facebook message . it will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until ` acknowledged ' by ellanora baidoo 's hard-to-find husband . the couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony .
darwin man is accused of using someone else 's employee registration number at the aurukun primary health centre on cape york during february and march . he was charged on saturday with one count of fraud after cairns detectives made contact with him in the northern territory . they hope to identify which patients the man interacted with and what drugs may have been administered .
nicholas james langan , 24 , from townsville , was arrested about 1.00 am on january 27 at a beach in canggu , north of kuta . police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams . also arrested was hanung pekik hermantoro , 25 , a driver for the green room villas where the queensland painter was staying . prosecutor deni iswanto on thursday final
lance lara , 10 , from fort worth , texas , has proved so successful he was crowned world champion in his age group last year . but each time he gets on a bullock , a castrated male , he risks life and limb , and has already been trampled on several times .
jane bacon , 51 , booked the ` final trip ' to sharm el sheikh with her husband . doctors told her she could die within months from breast cancer . but she bought the # 1,000 trip before doctors said she needed chemotherapy . she has now hit out at easyjet after receiving an email asking her to pay # 176 .
kansai international airport in osaka , japan has never lost a piece of luggage since opening its doors in 1994 . staff places suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards , making it easier for travellers to collect their luggage . of the top 10 airports worldwide for baggage , seven of the ten are located in asia .
labour leader has confessed he cried when he and his wife justine watched a dvd of the 2014 movie starring bill nighy and imelda staunton . he said : ` pride is about the lesbian and gay community in london who go and help the miners in wales and justine and i watched it recently ' .
the california giant 's patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot 's owner , ' a deceased loved one , ' or ' a celebrity ' . above it atlas , which is a ` high mobility , humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor , rough terrain . the system would allow robots to download new personalities online .
the new jersey native bought the soho pad in 2007 for $ 24million , so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit . the duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms , five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens . floor to ceiling windows offer panoramic views of the city , and 11-ft high ceilings make the interior open and filled with light .
the 44-year-old , who is known for her wicked sense of humor , gets serious for levo league 's ask4more campaign , which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of equal pay day on april 14 . on average , women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men .
terror group 's first english bulletin aired on tuesday on al-bayan radio network . nine-and-a-half minute broadcast ends with traditional sounding arabic music . it provides an overview of militants activities in iraq , syria and libya . it also boasts of isis fighters ` roasting the flesh ' of opponents .
the bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate . in january and february 2014 residents on the levels were forced to abandon their homes after record rainfall saw rivers burst their banks . the environment agency says it has a legal duty under eu-backed regulations to protect the water voles as an endangered species .
nelson williams sr. of kankakee , illinois , says he is worried that 23-year-old kamron taylor , the man convicted of his son 's murder , might attack him . in a courthouse outburst in february , taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict . he escaped from his cell , hid inside the facility , then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds .
karen davis , from port pirie in south australia , notoriously flashed her k-cup breasts on google street view . the 38-year-old was captured streaking by a camera car for the popular google maps app , which allows users to zoom in on certain streets and towns in cities all over the world with a 360-degree view .
the top right frame offers a stunning view onto hapi , the comet 's ` neck ' region that is littered with boulders . the scale at this distance is 1.7 m/pixel showing the large lobe of the icy comet to the left and the small lobe to the right . it also gives a detailed look at the numerous , curved markings visible on the smooth surface .
lord prescott suggested signatories were ` tax dodgers , tory donors and non doms ' . labour lashed out at 120 bosses who warned economic recovery could be wrecked if it regained power . shadow cabinet ministers branded industry leaders who signed open letter backing conservative economic plan as members of the ` 1 per cent ' .
the festival , which marks the trial , crucifixion and resurrection of jesus culminating in easter sunday , has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents . in northern philippines , bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips in a divisive tradition thought to stem from 13th century roman catholics .
albert webb , 51 , and sons jimmy chuter , 26 , and jesse , 19 , followed people aged up to 97 home from the post office . if the victim had no money on them , they would con their way into their homes before stealing from them . most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s , while the eldest was 97-year-old man .
benjamin was born 12 weeks early , weighing 1lb 3oz , little more than a bag of sugar . he suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations . at one point he had such severe breathing problems he was put into a paralysed state for six days while doctors tried to save his life .
the five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent tanzania origin chocolate . it contains a staggering 548,000 calories - and has two solitaire diamonds for eyes . unfortunately for australian chocolate lovers the decadent dessert , created by former chef dcor of harrods martin chiffers , is located in the united kingdom .
tyecka shanta evans , 28 , has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter taliya richardson . the mother of two from ocala was taken into custody tuesday after her youngest child was found unresponsive at home last thursday .
the ` euthanasia ' of strays was legalised by the romanian parliament in september 2013 to help reduce a massive overpopulation . but a group of former models called the k-9 angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be savagely killed . the angels claim government funds for programmes aimed at neutering the animals were never implemented .
the group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two canadian provinces including quebec and ontario , as well as five u.s. states - new york , pennsylvania , ohio , indiana and kentucky . for three of the sons , it was the first time they had tasted kfc .
sydney personal trainer allie dodds , 24 , regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her mealspiration blog before she started her business , sweets and sweat . her gourmet recipes caught the eye of ms bines , a gold coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer , in 2012 . but she said she was stunned when a colleague noticed her salmon and cauliflower sushi recipe in a 2012 edition of her clean eating recipe book .
the crackdown comes as california and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight . state reservoirs have a year 's worth of water , and with record low snowfall over the winter there wo n't be much to replenish them . wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall .
reality star joined nigel farage in grimsby this morning to try and understand his general election plans . before boarding the boat , essex told reporters that the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a ` really , really reem guy ' . as the stunt took a bizarre twist , the ukip leader hailed the tv star as an ` icon of youth ' .
researchers in massachusetts say a person 's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills . now they 're working on creating a keyboard that can tell doctors if someone has the neuron impairment , simply by analysing the way they type . for the body to begin moving , the brain 's primary motor cortex sends signals through several other brain regions .
the 45-year-old politician said he met with doctors who told him chemotherapy and radiation have shrunk the tumor to a size where they can operate . four surgeons will carry out the eight - to ten-hour operation on may 11 , and he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days . he hopes to return to work in september .
pippa middleton and kim sears stepped out armed with their trusty aspinal of london handbags . they have fast became the season 's must-have arm candy . but if the marylebone tote 's super slick design and clutch of celebrity fans was n't enough , it just got better .
judge carl taylor in middletown , connecticut , denied requests made last month by attorneys for both cassandra and her mother , jackie fortin . the 17-year-old be released from the temporary custody of the state department of children and families , or that her mother be permitted to visit her in the hospital .
images show the city of golmud in the country 's north west qinghai province . it succumbs to a sweeping half-hour sandstorm which reduced visibility to as little as 30 metres . the raging sandstorm was the fourth to hit the area this year as authorities struggle to deal with the natural hazards .
sherrell dillion from benefits street has been given a place in the top model of colour competition . the single mother-of-two was featured in the hit channel 4 series which saw her desperately searching for work , now says she is technically homeless . she is currently living in temporary accommodation in handsworth .
more than 20,000 foreign fighters have fled to syria and iraq , report finds . fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as al qaeda and islamic state . worryingly , the report warned if is defeated in the war-torn region then barbarous foreign fighters could be scattered across the world .
marc wabafiyebazu , 15 , has been arrested for felony murder and his brother jean , 17 , was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of miami drug dealers . their mother is roxanne dub , who was only recently appointed to the role of consul general in miami .
ava ciach , from geelong in victoria , had her skull removed , smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle . doctors discovered it was too small for ava 's growing brain . ava , now six , had to undergo complex surgery in which she had the condition - usually discovered when a child is between 10 months and two years old .
the girl in the spider 's web will be the fourth installment in the best-selling millennium crime trilogy by swedish author stieg larsson . the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .
the collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like caramac , yorkie , rolo , toffee crisp , aero and even polo . the tradition of easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the first world war when the egg was adopted as a symbol of new life .
ethel rider , 87 , suffered a broken pelvis and was left ` cowering ' in pain . but even though the grandmother was in agony , her carers failed to seek medical help . she was unable to tell anyone what had happened because she is mute . carers susan logan and her supervisor , lauren gillies , lied , saying mrs rider had fallen out of bed .
a screenshot of the letter was shared on twitter , and in a matter of minutes amassed more than 2,000 shares . in it , a passenger known only as ` bethanie ' writes how , in light of the recent alps plane crash , she feels the need to ` reach out ' and ` extend a compassionate hand ' .
owner richard stevenson , 32 , had mascot ollie the owl snatched from lounge area of the admiral rodney , in nottingham , last month . he thought the # 7.99 ornament had been lost forever until he received a letter in the post on march 6 demanding a donation to charity for its safe return . those responsible for the theft even created a facebook page to keep fans updated about his adventures since being snatched .
in tudor times , buckwheat pillows were so prized that grandmothers handed them down to their grandchildren . in summer , you can chill it in the fridge for a few hours to keep you cool throughout the night . it also soothes stiff muscles -- as the chill will reduce inflammation and help numb any pain .
tatty tarmac site overlooks golden sands at rhossili in south wales . voted uk 's number one beach , third best in europe , and 9th best by tripadvisor . visitors to tip of gower peninsula can see coastline stretch on for miles . rundown parking spot has been snapped up by heritage organisation .
father damian maria montes , 29 , from madrid , was appearing on the spanish version of the voice when he belted out the robbie williams 1997 ballad . as he launched himself into the chorus , the audience whooped with delight as the judges sat wide-eyed in amazement .
the mineral veins were found at a site called ` garden city ' on the slopes of mount sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm -lrb- 2.5 inches -rrb- . scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in mars ' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock . this march 18 , view from the mast camera on the curiosity rover shows a network of two-tone mineral veins .
mark dawe , head of the oxford , cambridge and rsa examinations board , said pupils would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests . he compared it to using calculator in a maths exam . chris mcgovern said idea would lead to ` dumbing down of standards ' .
reading university researcher dr deepa senapathi believes intensive agriculture is to blame . climate change could be disrupting the relationship between bees and plants . that 's according to a study that said warmer springs can change the life cycles of bees , which can throw them out of sync with the plants they pollinate .
angelina jolie 's character from the upcoming movie of the same name . promise has previously made videos of herself as elsa from frozen and princess jasmine from aladdin . when she posted a picture taken from the tutorial to instagram many of her followers could n't believe their eyes .
alison hargreaves , 32 , was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the himalayan mountain in 1995 . now her son tom ballard , one of the world 's most accomplished climbers , plans to conquer k2 himself . mr ballard became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces of the alps in the winter season .
vijay chokal-ingam claims that he posed as a black man in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance . on his blog , almost black , he said that none of his family approves of his book , in which he 'll controversially claimed he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s . he said in 1998 he shaved his head , trimmed his ` long indian eyelashes ' and joined the organization of black students during the process .
lotatoa ` lota ' ward was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor - known as a mature teratoma - back in october 2014 . the young man was already running half marathons for charity , even raising $ 1,700 in september for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy .
four roma men and women appeared in marseille court today . accused of human trafficking and being involved in similar ` baby sales ' . six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents described as ' a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births ' . all face up to 10 years in prison and fines equivalent to more than # 1million .
justus howell , 17 , was shot twice in the back by police in zion , illinois . police responding to news of ` an argument ' at 2pm had chased justus down the street before opening fire . the high school senior , who had moved to the area from wisconsin in february , was pronounced dead at the scene .
prince harry will arrive in australia next monday ahead of his four-week stint with the australian defence force . captain wales , as he is known in the british army , will fall in with troops at the perth sas base and take on training exercises . if he passes military testing , it is possible he 'll fly helicopters while with the sydney regiment .
robin rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband , scott after he had a vasectomy . when they met , 17 years earlier , a child came to embody the solution to all sorts of problems . it would strengthen their marriage of opposites , help her finally overcome a troubled childhood as the daughter of an alcoholic bookie .
seven in particular are remarkably racist , including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer richard henke says of president barack obama . in the other emails president obama is labelled a monkey , welfare recipients are described as ` lazy ' and unable to speak english . all three were removed from their jobs after the emails were discovered .
kim showcased a golden glow watching andy murray play against south african kevin anderson in their fourth round match . wore a wide-brimmed hat to shield her face from the sun . the 27-year-old artist wore a chic off-the-shoulder black dress and toted a statement red handbag .
experts in america found that more than 50 per cent of pensioners with investments during the 2007 and 2008 financial crisis panicked and sold them after the stock market fell by 30 per cent . research carried out by texas tech university showed how those who did follow that path and sold at the lowest point eight years ago with a pension of # 100,000 would only have # 63,000 today .
richard has already fallen nearly five per cent against the us dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election . the sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets -- driving share prices down and borrowing costs up for the government , businesses and families .
alan spencer , 67 , was tucking into dinner when pickled onion blocked windpipe . he frantically tried to clear his throat , and after three minutes made his way to door . but he collapsed in hallway and felt his life ` slipping away ' . thankfully 18-month-old lexi leaped into action and jumped on to centre of alan 's back .
father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join islamic state fighters in syria works for the ministry of defence . he works in the military 's post office where he could have access to the names and address of all military personnel at home and overseas . it is not clear where or at what level at the mod he worked .
the storm was upgraded tuesday to a super typhoon with winds of 150mph . as it moved over the pacific ocean , the storm generated winds of more than 140mph -lrb- 225km/h -rrb- . it is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main philippine island of luzon on saturday or sunday .
charlotte roach , 26 , from london , nearly died in a horror crash . she gave up ordinary clothes for lent to raise money for the charity . along with her business partner rosemary pringle , 28 , the pair vowed to sport only fancy dress costumes for 40 days to fundraise for london 's air ambulance .
new haven superior court judge thomas o'keefe jr. ruled monday that 49-year-old lishan wang should be sent to connecticut valley hospital for treatment . in a court report submitted last month , mental health experts said wang displayed ` paranoid thinking ' and was ` guarded and suspicious ' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers .
kristen bieniewicz of westland , the representative of her husband 's estate , is suing bassel saad , along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league . saad was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter . he died after saad punched him in the head just moments before saad would have been ejected from a weekend game in livonia .
new york-based writer danielle page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice in hopes unlocking the key to a successful union . a 60-year-old named michael revealed that his trick to marital bliss is putting his wife 's happiness above his own .
the egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon , or booster , to help messages move around these so-called wireless mesh networks more easily . firechat launched last year and has been downloaded more than five million times . it takes advantage of a feature that launched in apple 's ios 7 called multipeer connectivity framework -lrb- mcf -rrb- . android has a similar feature that works over bluetooth .
shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when the shocking attack occurred . at around 10.30 pm on sunday , turkman gate lived up to delhi 's reputation as a city that has lost its soul . two children stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death over a traffic quarrel .
giovanna griffo led a group of students to vik and hella in the south of iceland where they were fortunate enough to be blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle . while giovanna takes and edits all manner of photographs , she has a particular affinity with the night sky .
mark donaldson vc is one of australia 's most highly decorated soldiers . he was awarded the nation 's highest military honour for his bravery in afghanistan . the victoria cross was ordered to assassinate a taliban warlord who had boasted he would kill the royal heir but was shot dead by a crackunit from the australian sas .
former cia officer sandra grimes , 69 , is one of many former and current women at the agency speaking out about depictions of cia women on tv and in movies . the group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown ptsd with booze and pills .
peter tarsey and his wife , jean , both 77 , were found covered in a green raincoat on their home in xalo , near benidorm . the pair had gone to the house on sunday afternoon with another friend because she was concerned at not being able to reach the couple on the phone .
the 355-foot scientific platform is genuine and has been used by the us office for naval research for more than 50 years . the reason behind the flip is that with 300 feet below the surface , the vessel becomes incredibly stable . instead of bobbing up and down on the waves like a traditional boat , it keeps its position .
developers in boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one-touch-911 app . users can call the police , fire service , report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button . the app was designed by researchers at boston-based mit . each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers , and each call is placed with the phone 's gps location , user details and any pre-entered medical
photographer seth casteel 's new book , underwater babies , reveals adorable babies as they explore the underwater world , chubby-cheeked , curious , mischievous , and playful . the pictures are innovative and take on an air of excitement as the youngsters swim beneath the waves . children between one and four have the highest rates of drowning than any group in the nation .
darcy atkinson was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant ritalin in his system when he died on december 7 , 2012 . the toddler had been in the care of his mother 's boyfriend adam taylor when he was rushed to gosford hospital by paramedics , before being airlifted to sydney 's westmead children 's hospital . at the second day of a coronial inquest into the toddler 's death , intensive care unit clinical consultant dr
the property in the richmond area is said to have been crawling with rats , black widow spiders , dog feces and 300 bottles of urine . the remains were removed from the house on saturday are believed to be that of anna ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter carolyn .
the fire started in the mojave narrows park between apple valley and victorville in california . at its height , 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were forced to evacuate several rural houses while they tried to contain the blaze . park officials had been granted the appropriate permits to attempt their controlled burn .
caleb benn , a californian high school student , recently developed a $ 4.99 -lrb- # 3.24 -rrb- app for ios devices using instagram 's application program interface . it allows users to upload photos directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone . now , the 17 year-old student could face a battle with instagram over hackings its api .
mike holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his council house . each connected to his three # 450 ps4 consoles all funded by his state handouts . at least 16 taken off him and their mothers by social services . at 56 says he wants more children even though he admits he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street .
the essence of italian fashion , from the post-war years to the present day , captures the evolution of mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses . model joan olsen shows off bold linear prints in an outfit by haute couture designer/artist livio de simone in 1954 . the volume has been compiled by enrico quinto , 51 , and paolo tinarelli , 49 .
michael brelo goes on trial on monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell , 43 , and malissa williams , 30 . he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting .
ukip leader said he expects to recover momentum in the run-up to next month 's election . asked if he was panicking after a poll showed support for the party has fallen . mr farage is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the tories in south thanet , kent .
victoria police arrested 35-year-old abijath desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at riverside quay . the man , of no fixed address , faced an out of sessions hearing and was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates ' court tomorrow morning . the siege came to an end just before 5.30 am this morning when police entered the restaurant and tasered the man .
facebook page of the so-called disciples of the new dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share . the community , led by father patrick embry , is using the images to encourage fellow christians to shame ` lazy ' and ` negligent ' mothers who have elected to undergo c-sections .
alexis tsipras met russian president vladimir putin in moscow yesterday . pair agreed package of investment in energy and other projects . but he insisted he had not asked for - or received -- financial aid . it was expected mr tsipsras would ask mr putin for a hand-out .
jeremy kyle show guest jamie goes down on one knee in front of girlfriend dawn . the couple , known only as jamie and dawn , were appearing on an episode entitled : ` my fianc is a womaniser but is he a cheat ? ' . the moment came towards the end of a stormy show in which the couple had hurled accusations at each other .
gerry adams has described the notorious abduction and murder of jean mcconville as ` what happens in wars ' . in an interview on us television , he sparked outrage by suggesting that incidents like mr adams 's murder happened ` in every single conflict ' . comments have angered relatives of mrs mcconsville , whose abduction , disappearance and subsequent murder became one of the most shocking events of the troubles .
the ring , located 12 billion light years away , is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies . the striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by albert einstein in his theory of general relativity . the bright orange central region of the ring reveals the glowing dust in this distant galaxy .
the unnamed worker , from alberta , canada , came armed with a scathing note from his gp , giving the firm a ticking off for its office policy ` wasting his time ' . a friend of the employee posted the letter on reddit under the title , ` my friends work requires a doctors note if you call in sick ' .
billy-anne huxham , 18 , was forced into a car outside a caboolture home , north of brisbane just after 6am . shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before she was abducted from her home by a man who reportedly attacked her with a machete . detectives are desperately searching for the teen and carl garry chapman , 32 , who is believed to be the victim 's former boyfriend .
nicola sturgeon was today swamped with requests for selfies in the wake of her triumph in last week 's live tv debate . polls suggest a surge in support for the snp will cost labour a majority on may 7 . but she has held out possibility of putting mr miliband into power .
goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length , in the waterways of western australia amongst other exotic introduced species . the native fish in the region , such as this balston 's pygmy perch which has been attacked , are only 10cm in length . aside from feasting on local fish and taking their homes , introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them .
scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago . much of it , they say , involved cavemen grunting , or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing , before learning to speak in a detailed way . but in a new study , one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own .
photographs taken at the yarra valley farm give a chilling insight into the bleak world of caged chicken factories . some looked as if they had only a few days left to live such was their condition . however , several hens were in such a bad state that they had to be removed from the cages by the activists as they were in desperate need of veterinary care .
kevin blandford 's photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on the website imgur . the 33-year-old , from louisville , kentucky , won the caribbean getaway through his workplace , but his wife , bonnie , was n't able to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter .
a university of nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video -lrb- still image shown -rrb- . limited periods of stress are good , as they release the hormone cortisol . this is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations . but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile .
london mayor said labour leader was ` hostile ' to people who wanted to own their own home and would embark on an ` orgy of regulation and state socialism ' . also claimed ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s while greens want a return to ` somewhere around the bronze age ' .
seven out of 10 business chiefs think ed miliband would be a ` catastrophe ' for britain . poll of ftse 100 chairman reveals overwhelming support for david cameron . comes just days after more than 100 company bosses signed a letter warning against a labour government . it echoes controversial remarks by boots chief executive stefano pessina .
katniss everdeen 's role in the hunger games has prompted a backlash on twitter . young adults tell it like is on twitter under the hashtag #realisticya . many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels . but the twitter users describe their own realistic reactions , or what would really be probable .
prime minister vowed to ` do more ' to respond to concerns about immigration . he warned it is ` not the time to send a message or make a protest ' . he also conceded he understood ` frustrations ' of ukip voters . comes after yougov poll on sunday had the tories on 34 per cent .
robert dellinger , 54 , was sentenced on thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the december 2013 deaths of amanda murphy , 24 , who was 8 months pregnant . prosecutors claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple 's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself . during the second day of the sentence hearing , he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in
kyle kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown , maryland after ella may rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on facebook . she said that the phone was in response to a scathing review she had written on the company 's facebook page after her tenth unsuccessful trip to maaco .
angela postle , from maroochydore in southeast queensland , stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket . the mother-of-five sent the fruit of to queensland environmental health branch for testing , but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail .
kira hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago . 27-year-old had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts . at just 6st , she was deemed clinically underweight . now a healthy 9.5 st , she reveals how bodybuilding gave her confidence .
dozens of items from the entertainer 's estate will go under the hammer . jones , best known for his work with the band the monkees , died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66 . memorabilia on sale includes a pair of record awards certified by the recording industry association of america .
steve tempest-mitchell , from bradford , west yorkshire , lost a whopping 16st after the surgery 14 months ago . the 56-year-old said he decided to go through with the operation after hitting 32st and struggling to control his type 2 diabetes . the father-of-three has a new lease of life after slimming down from 32st to 16st .
the first phase of disney 's polynesian villas & bungalows has just been unveiled , revealing opulent overwater villas available from $ 2,000 a night . the luxurious offerings look like they belong in bora bora , in reality , they 're located just steps from the magic kingdom in orlando .
prime minister insists coalition had spent five years ` trying to lift people up ' . comes as senior tory michael gove claimed christians in britain were being dismissed with condescension and suspicion . church provoked a row with ministers by publishing unprecedented guide to how the country 's 30million christians should ` approach the general election ' .
ashley johnston , 28 , was shot in february in rojava , near the turkish border , while fighting with the kurdish people 's protection units -lrb- ypg -rrb- . he was given a heroes send off in macquarie park , sydney , on thursday morning . the proud mother paid a touching tribute to his final action in life at his funeral .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park near lake eildon at 9.30 am on good friday . the 11-year-old has been missing for two nights in a victorian national park , with temperatures dropping to as low as 8 degree celsius . police have been called in to help with the search of the autistic boy , as he wandered off and has not been seen since .
more than 50 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in queensland bushland . at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area , near bundaberg . a joint rspca and queensland police taskforce is now investigating . the discovery exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry .
police revealed it was not the first time the gunman , who has not been identified , had sparked security concerns at the park . last week he was escorted off the premises - just days after he vandalized his ex-girlfriend 's car . but despite court orders banning him from the park in hollywood , california , he was spotted at 2.15 pm near the water slides .
elizabeth stewart , a former fashion editor for women 's wear daily and the new york times have all made the top 10 in hollywood reporter 's ` power stylists ' list . stewart was also voted number one stylist on the hollywood journalist 's power stylist list last year .
a kiwi couple has snapped up a bargain by buying property for more than $ 1.25 million less than it is worth . the four-bedroom home near auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price . real estate agent tony keegan questioned whether the owners would get the $ 95,000 they had paid in october 2010 .
the four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday . changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries , fire services around australia say . the time change affects all states except queensland , where daylight saving is not observed .
stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped by a nevada highway patrol . the state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 . distracted driving fines range from $ 50 for the first offense up to $ 250 and a six-month license suspension .
the big cat was seen at kruger national park in south africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal when it became temporarily separated from its herd . accompanied by a hunting partner , the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power and tries to take a bite out if its back . but ends up being chased away by the infant 's angry mother .
kentucky state police trooper robert purdy said the woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. friday on a rural highway in lee county , kentucky . around 11:30 am , the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them .
superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments - as well as those for anti-ageing . a poll of 2,000 women in their 30s , 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood .
stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under david cameron 's conservatives party , compared to just under 9 per cent under labour . just over 9 % under the current coalition , according to figures published today . figures are a further boost for ed miliband and george osborne ahead of the general election on may 7 .
the bentley design chief luc donckerwolke apparently thought the new lincoln continental luxury saloon shared too many similarities with the bentley flying spur . the side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears . ford is reviving the continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloons to rebuild the brand 's image .
hugo mbaeri , 25 , allegedly handed over customer names , account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while he was working at nationwide building society . ringleader olawabiyi ayanwale , who is not before the court , set up standing orders by impersonating the victims , it is said .
designer karl lagerfeld is the moody french sensation taking the modelling world by storm and who . last year , clawed in over # 2 million in fees , outstripping the earnings of bushy-eyebrowed supermodel-of-the-moment cara delevingne .
campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff letter from 100 business leaders . said they were ` all working people ' and showed ` we need a labour government to put working people first ' . signatories included benefit fraudster , trade unionists and cigar-smoking children of millionaires . one signatories identified herself as someone who had ` worked on -lsb- a -rsb- zero hours contract ' . but labour removed her name yesterday after it was revealed she had been convicted of benefit fraud in 2012 .
erica ann ginneti , 35 , pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor . the former math and calculus teacher at lower moreland township school district had been facing seven to 14 years in prison . she also faces three years ' probation , 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years .
the hunger games film franchise has grossed over $ 2 billion after three movies . before that , the twilight saga managed $ 3.3 billion over five films from 2008 . the avengers garnered $ 1.5 billion with just one film in 2012 . when it comes to hollywood 's primary concern , banking a major box office .
derek lowe and tina lowe , 33 , were struck shortly before 10am on easter sunday in durham , north carolina . authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured , although a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment . after the accident occurred , the train was delayed for almost three hours before continuing on its way .
vivienne westwood-designed penthouse at the london west hollywood hotel is set to open next month . the master bedroom suite includes a contemporary king-sized four poster bed , with cushions and a tapestry designed by westwood . guests can spot westwood style , tiles and even scarves in the la suite .
the latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles -lrb- four square kilometres -rrb- in size and was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs . but this is just one of several artificial islands china has been creating in the region - and the exact purpose of them is unknown .
around 75 people were inside the korean union united methodist church in rahway when the ceiling collapsed . thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at university hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury . the cause of the collapse is currently being investigated .
cody neatis , from preston , was admitted to royal preston hospital last thursday with a chest infection . but rather than a bed in the children 's ward , has had to sleep on a mattress on the floor since arriving . the eight-year-old - who has down 's syndrome , epilepsy , autism and is fed by a tube - has been without a hospital bed because staff do not have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep . the hospital
indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment its already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will ` be able to discriminate against anyone at any time ' . the arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state 's republican governor rejected its bill at the last minute on wednesday . the moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals , however , and incited massive protests .
the mercury is set to rise steadily until friday , when southern parts of england are forecast to hit 21c -lrb- 70f -rrb- or higher - which would be the hottest this year so far . it 's a beautiful day : the palm house at kew gardens in south-west london yesterday as the warm weather continues across the uk .
the european space agency 's latest mission hopes to find out if crashing into it will help . it is working with nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid 's moon at 14,000 mph to see what happens . experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit .
robert clark survived the brutality of the nazi ` death march ' across europe . now 96-year-old is engaged in a different sort of battle after a council refused to increase funding he needs for a live-in carer . it means the second world war veteran could be forced out of his home of nearly 50 years and into a care home .
dr lara briden , a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health , recounts a patient who was suffering with pms whom she helped by changing her eating habits . she was happily married with two school aged children , and worked three days per week as a dental hygienist .
church of england says system is open to abuse and oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby . many christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services , a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos . but clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a c of e school .
martin vargic , a graphic designer from slovakia , has created a chart that shows how the most famous of the constellations have changed from 50,000 bc to 100,000 ce . using data collected by the european space agency on the gradually shifting position of stars .
a 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle . she had kicked him and he then disappeared . captured on cctv cameras placed in the changing area near the pool . police issued new images , appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them urgently .
paul childs , who is running in the liverpool riverside seat , said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed with the virus in 2011 following a routine test . air steward said he was revealing he had hiv because he was infuriated by the ukip leader 's ` scaremongering ' over foreigners who have the virus . the election candidate is the second lib dem to go public with their hiv positive status .
the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid -lrb- stf -rrb- , and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature . in a ` liquid armour ' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area . the exact composition of the stf is known only to moratex and its inventors at the military institute of armament technology in warsaw , but ballistic tests proved its resistance to a wide range of projectiles
the latests picture , captured by an amateur photographer as the colima volcano in mexico spews out a plume of ash and lava . it reveals the raw power of a volcanic eruption , which is also known as the fire volcano , to prepare for a possible evacuation . lightning strikes inside the enormous ash cloud thrown into the air by the volcano .
anthony clark reed was driving around detroit , michigan , on monday night when he was pulled over because he had illegally tinted windows . the 24-year-old was handcuffed , despite complaining that he had trouble breathing , before suffering a fatal heart attack . his father , pastor kevin clark , claims his son had been ` driving erratically ' because he was having trouble breathing .
children at riverview junior school in gravesend , kent told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads . parents are furious about the ban saying that children need to ` let off steam ' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around . the school claims that the ban is intended to tackle a specific ` chasing ' game which has caused children to hurt themselves .
the marmite chocolate egg has a strong , rather beefy aftertaste . from yeast-flavoured chocolate to an egg made from 300g of cheddar . a chocolate egg made with the love-it-or-hate it spread accompanied with marmite cashew nuts makes for a fun yeaster treat .
hayley okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition . she suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate . it involves a mutant protein called progerin that accelerates physical ageing . there are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the uk .
 traditional chinese medicine claims all manner of ailments including back ache , poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world . it is often believed that the more endangered the animal is , the greater the healing affect it will have . such wisdom is widespread in guangzhou , where markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus , pharmacists and pet cages .
brian gemmell , a former captain in the intelligence corps , said spy chiefs ordered him to ` stop digging ' when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the northern ireland children 's home . he said he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ` very powerful ' figures in a westminster paedophile gang .
the man and 64-year-old woman were charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg . the carcasses were in various states of decomposition when found by a member of the public 360 kilometres north of brisbane in vera scarth-johnson wildflower reserve . the shocking grisly photos show the decomposed bodies and burnt out skeletons of the greyhounds .
julie merner , 39 , has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years . in january , she vowed to quit the habit , which has ravaged her liver . she has been left with ` luminous ' jaundiced skin . not a drop of alcohol has passed ms merner 's lips since january .
antarctica 's icy edge is disappearing in warming ocean waters , with the last decade seeing the rate of ice loss increase dramatically . this is according to a new study that has combined 18-years worth of ice shelf thinning data from three different sets of satellites . satellite data from 1994 to 2012 clearly shows the accelerating decline which could hasten the rise in global sea levels .
dylan miller , a senior at juniata college , in huntingdon , pennsylvania , decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods . with no plumbing or electricity , miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear .
hammaad munshi became britain 's youngest convicted terrorist when he was found guilty of terror offences at the age of 18 in 2008 . the pair from dewsbury , west yorkshire , have not been in contact with their families for several days and can not be reached on their mobile phones .
the 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed after the blue mitsubishi lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at hinchinbrook in sydney 's north-west . the men told police they were driving along partridge road at 4.30 am on friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout . their car spun out of control before mounting the kerb , smashing through a colourbond fence and landing
liz smith , 92 , started her career in new york city when she was just 25 . she is sharing a few big scoops that were too scandalous to print over the course of her storied career at papers including the ny daily news . she claims she advised diller , the chairman of media company iac , against it , telling him ; ` no , barry , david geffen needs to come out . he needs a big story or a fight to push him in
kyle patrick loughlin , 21 , was enrolled at bridgewater state university on an early childhood education course . he was arrested on tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he 'd molested two boys aged between four and five . authorities later removed a computer and other evidence from the suspect 's family home .
a massive rescue operation involving more than 1,300 people is underway after the ship , carrying an international crew of 132 , sank in the sea of okhotsk in just 15 minutes . rescued crew members reported that the ship was unstable because of empty fuel tanks and a lack of ballast as it sailed through the kamchatka peninsula . at least 54 bodies have been recovered in the huge rescue operation .
leading screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina . light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye may even lead to partial blindness . research has already shown intense levels of ` blue light ' emitted from modern gadgets can cause health complaints , ranging from sleeping and eating problems to headaches and even cancer .
the bonanza , which could be worth billions of pounds , will add to fears of renewed conflict over the british overseas territory just days after defence secretary michael fallon warned of a ` very live threat ' from argentina . the discovery at the zebedee exploratory well comes amid worsening relations with buenos aires .
the long-running motoring show took up first , second , third and fifth spots in the catch-up service 's top five for the month . viewing figures come a week after presenter jeremy clarkson was dismissed from the bbc for punching top gear producer oisin tymon .
sydney 's dwelling values rose by 5.8 % in the harbour city , a record growth and the strongest increase since april in 2009 . reserve bank cut official interest rates to 2.25 per cent in february , leading to a weekly 80 per cent auction clearance rate and an investor fuelled market .
duncan hodgetts , 25 , fell from the 14th floor window of the executive plaza building in midtown manhattan at 8.30 am yesterday . he was found on a third-floor balcony of the neighboring michelangelo hotel , near the rockefeller center , and was pronounced dead at the scene . nypd spokesman said they were treating his death as suicide .
hakeem kuta , 17 , was on life support and passed away saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on thursday night . police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby of the building located on valentine avenue in mott haven . when officers got to the roof , some teens jumped to another roof and ran away , however kuta and his 14-year-old companion were pinned in by a dividing wall
robert abercrombie , who goes by the name of rob venomous , uploaded this video of him pulling out his eight-year-old son 's wobbly tooth with a chevy muscle car . the professional wrestler took a different approach when he tied his son james 's tooth to the back of his muscles car .
brandon afoa , 33 , of puyallup , washington , was operating a tug to push aircraft at seattle-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed . the incident , which took place at 2am on december 26 , 2007 , left him unable to use his legs or right arm . much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons .
keonna thomas , 30 , was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group , authorities said , but instead was arrested at her home . she appeared in court this afternoon dressed entirely in black , with just her eyes showing , and will remain in custody until her next appearance on april 8 .
hay castle was built in the late 12th century by norman lord william de braose and has been added to through the ages . infestation of deathwatch beetles is putting the imposing castle , which towers above the town of hay-on-wye on the welsh border , at peril .
marcus and markieff morris , who both play forward for the phoenix suns , are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in january . phoenix police say the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted erik hood at the nina mason pulliam recreation & sports complex where the alleged victim and a woman were watching a basketball game .
keith cameron splashed out on a new york flat for his daughter and enjoyed a string of extravagant holidays while his victim 's family have been left facing the prospect of selling their home . he promised the world-famous lighting architect a # 2million return on his investment in just two years , but it was all an elaborate lie .
four-year-old border collie meg and 22-month-old english springer spaniel jess went to work sniffing out the destructive fungus . when they find dry rot they stop , stare at it and point with their nose , only moving from the affected area when mr doggett gives them a special signal .
the couple , who does not wish to be identified , hired attorney cathy hale to sue james evans the owner of premiere photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed , ` poor n ***** party ' on the bottom of the pictures . the couple was n't alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride 's sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party .
baby malakai has been alive for seven months and he 's never left the hospital . doctors say he may not ever be able to walk . about 15 to 20 cases of pks are known to be in australia , according to pallister killian syndrome foundation of australian . it is commonly undiagnosed during pregnancy and is discovered at birth or soon after due to characteristic appearance or other complications such as developmental delays , seizures and congenital heart defects .
robert dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an interstate 89 median . he smashed into an suv carrying 24-year-old amanda murphy , who was 8 months pregnant , and her fiancee , jason timmons , during the first of the two-day sentencing hearing .
 gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the west end before stealing their cash and belongings . plain-clothes officers tasked with reducing theft in the area . in one example metropolitan police stopped two chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich arab tourists in the park lane and mayfair areas .
gareth shoulder , from liverpool , has been recruited by the bbc to comment on the election as a member of its ` generation 2015 election youth panel ' . shoulder , 24 , used his ` @bbcgen2015 ' twitter page to make the disparaging remark about mr cameron and ivan , who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy .
thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets . the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be . among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is bacillus mycoides , which is harmless .
the network handed williams a six-month suspension in february after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from iraq in 2003 . but according to a report in vanity fair , he started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure about brokaw , whom he succeeded at nightly news in 2004 .
just one crme egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off , and contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar . it 's more than half of the 50g of sugar the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- recommends per day . a kit kat chunky easter egg - and chocolate bar that comes with it - will take three 45 minute cycle classes to work off .
 cryos international , an online sperm bank , is moving its offices from new york to the university of central florida research park in orlando . while the company says the decision is in part due to the better facilities on offer , it is also due to ` intense competition for donors ' . donors are allowed to remain anonymous , and a company spokesman said they can earn up to $ 750 per month .
patrick barkham 's book is written to celebrate 50 years of enterprise neptune , the national trust 's campaign to save our coastal beauties from being spoiled . in 1965 , the trust bought up the wilder shores to preserve their wildness , which is why you wo n't find any popular resorts among them .
maur dadaev is charged with assassinating opposition leader boris nemstov . he is accused of being involved in the shooting of the politician in moscow . now russian news agencies have quoted him as telling the court he had been abducted , beaten and pressured into confessing to the murder .
the bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer , who posed as a high school senior between august 2014 and march 2015 . on top of the six arrests , an amount of cocaine , marijuana and prescription drugs xanax and tramadol was also seized in the bust . police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age , but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this .
labour leader used a speech to say he will ` abolish ' 200-year-old rule . he claimed they make britain an ` offshore tax haven for a few ' and can ` no longer be justified ' . but in january mr balls said : ' i think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing uk money because there will be some people who will then leave the country ' .
hundreds of seals are being killed in british waters in order to protect stocks of salmon and other fish which are destined for supermarket shelves . the seal cull even takes place during the animals ' breeding season - meaning some cubs are being left to fend for themselves when their mothers are shot dead . campaigners say there are more humane methods of protecting fish .
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second referendum if the snp wins the 2016 holyrood elections . when questioned on the issue in last night 's scottish leaders tv debate , she insisted an snp victory in the general election would not trigger another referendum .
the winter soldier , and now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the fast and furious franchise . it also ranks ninth among the top ten openings in history . much as the dark knight turned into a memorial for heath ledger , audiences flocked to see actor paul walker in one of his final roles before his untimely death in 2013 at the age of 40 .
felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate at john f kennedy international airport . the grey tabby belongs to jennifer stewart , 31 , and her 34-year-old husband , joseph naaman , who said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly .
nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies , including faster methods of propulsion . other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans , and small satellites to explore deep space . one of the companies in the 12 next space technologies for exploration partnerships says they have an engine that could get humans to mars in just 39 days .
katy cavanagh discovered to her peril recently . executives at coronation street have reportedly overturned a ban on cast offering their dulcet tones to radio advertising campaigns after rumours of a near-mutiny among its actors . the catalyst for which was katy 's extensive voiceover work .
according to closer magazine , katie still regularly checks kieran 's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out , following his cheating scandal last year . it was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym . sam bailey told closer : ` she 's scared he 's going to run off with them ' .
bear hunting salmon in the brooks river , which runs through the katmai national park , in southern alaska . but the dozy creature was unable to take advantage of his good fortune , letting the juicy fish slip away , even after it hit him on the nose . sockeye salmon migrate up rivers during the spring to reach the breeding grounds where they were born in order to spawn .
zhou qunfei has been named china 's richest woman after her company lens technology went public . the 45-year-old made her wealthier than richard branson , who was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural china . she would send her salary home to her father who was nearly blinded in an industrial accident .
kevin franklin , of dunstable , bedfordshire , says he will switch his lights on every evening in april for autism awareness month . mr franklin 's 15-year-old son bradley is autistic and the family want to use his christmas light show to raise awareness for charities working with those with the disability .
misao okawa was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in osaka , japan , as she died of heart failure on april 1 . born on march 5 , 1898 , the great-grandmother had lived through two world wars , the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the wright brothers . when asked the secret to long life , she said : ' i wonder about that too ' .
joshua smith , 16 , died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea . he was plucked from the surf near spittal promenade by a raf rescue helicopter . the coastguard , police , paramedics , firefighters and an raf helicopter were all scrambled to the scene in early hours of easter sunday .
lib dem leader is trailing labour by 2 per cent in formally rock-solid lib dem constituency . he won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin - scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote . aides said he would be out knocking doors on friday , saturday and sunday .
colombian-born manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show . the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before andrea had finished guessing .
the sun revealed that the # 5 note is set to be redesigned with simon cowell 's face on it after a public poll to find the most popular celebrities in the world . the sun said that the note is due to be new trampoline aisles and the manchester united team is picked using the power of astrology .
marian carole rees was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in 1975 . the teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye . magistrate sharon freund said the disappearance did not appear suspicious . she probably ran away with the intention of permanently cutting ties with family and friends .
becca litchfield , 29 , and partner dale , 30 , from nottingham , were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding , or fertility treatment . the happy couple said their vows , and were overjoyed when they found the fertility treatment had worked .
the emails show cylvia hayes , kitzhaber 's longtime companion , played in his administration , as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor 's staff . hayes routinely attended meetings , was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees . she resigned in february , saying the influence-peddling allegations surrounding hayes had become too much of a distraction .
youtube is set to offer an ad free , subscription-based service for the first time , according to an email sent out to youtube partners . the additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on youtube 's creator studio dashboard , which notes that the changes will go into effect on june 15 , 2015 .
millie elia , an eighth-grade student from oak mountain , alabama , died on saturday after a rappelling accident . she had been rappelling on pulpit rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell . the park refused to release any further details when contacted by dailymail.com on monday .
the prize porker , known as pigwig , had fallen into the pool in ringwood , hampshire . his owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out . two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig .
twitter has officially rolled out its ` retweet with comment ' feature , which lets people annotate the tweets of others . this image shows the new button , ` quote tweet ' which triggers the action . until now , twitter users have had to embed tweets by cutting and pasting a url and then adding a comment , within the 140 character limit . but now the process is available at the touch of a button and is going down well on the social network .
president barack obama 's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling . but he confirmed that ` the sense that we have is yes , that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made ' . speculation was swirling on wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries , including the u.s. , participating in the switzerland-based discussions with iran in were on the verge of making a deal as french foreign minister laurent fabius
ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the national curriculum tests . this was despite exam session finishing , a conduct panel heard . 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil 's exam answers himself . school officials were tipped off , resulting in an investigation being launched in june .
southampton beat blackburn 1-1 at st mary 's on monday night . sam gallagher scored a wonder-strike from long-range . the game was settled shortly before the break in the extra half hour . saints players mob goalscorer ryan seager had put saints ahead .
claudetteia love , 17 , said last week that she and her friends would not go to carroll high school 's prom in monroe , louisiana , because principal patrick taylor had told her she had to wear a dress . her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates , who signed a petition to persuade the school to change its mind , to gay rights groups and strangers . but now , principal taylor and monroe city school board
the heart-warming moment occurred during a visit to the rheged centre in cumbria , where the prince of wales was meeting farmers and charity staff . charles , who is grandfather to 20-month-old prince george and has another grandchild on the way , looked delighted and bent down to talk to the little boy who was held by his mother , genevieve .
the number of firearm licence holders in new south wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years . currently , a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010 , according to figures obtained by news corp. . tamworth , 403km north of sydney , was revealed to have the most number of firearms licences - 3259 - with bathurst , 200km west of sy dney , a close second at 3075 . both suburbs
deborah hutton has released ` my love affair with food ' in collaboration with the australian women 's weekly . the 53-year-old media personality shared her favourite recipes from the book with daily mail australia . hutton is bringing back wholesome cooking and real food recipes that make her happy .
beatrice nokes , 21 , faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes operating out of properties in central london . the university college london chemistry student is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex . she is accused of running the vice ring with daniel williams .
house cinemas are often a clever investment as they make use of low value space in the dark basement . property insider ben hubbard estimates that cinemas can cost anything from a few thousand to # 100,000 to kit out and says : ` there 's a vast difference in the set-up costs depending on how far you want to go ' .
a survey of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse . bullying by parents is on the rise , accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year compared to just 27 per cent last year . one teacher said she had been called a ` paedophile ' for wanting to film a performance .
labour leader vows to end casual employment contracts that ` undermine living standards and family life ' . crackdown was intended to regain political initiative after boosts for tories on jobs and incomes . he made stinging attack on david cameron and firms that use ` exploitative ' contracts which fail to guarantee minimum hours of work .
boeing has filed a patent for a ` transport vehicle upright sleep support system ' known as a ` cuddle chair ' . it looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption . sleeping on a plane can be quite a feat - especially for those who do n't have the money to splurge on business or first class seats .
mcdonald 's says it expects the new ` artisan grilled chicken ' to be in its more than 14,300 u.s. stores by the end of next week . the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates , which it said was used to keep the chicken moist , in favor of vegetable starch .
in southern germany , hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional easter monday procession on horseback . in slovakia women were doused with buckets of water as part of their weekend celebrations . a similar age-old tradition takes place in hungary , where after being sprinkled with water , the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs in return .
james robarge , 45 , from saxtons river , vermont was sentenced in court on friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife , 42-year-old kelly robarge . her badly decomposed body , with her hands and head detached , was found 10 days later in unity . the judge said he took into account the extent to which robarge went to conceal his wife 's killing and body , as well as the couple 's history of domestic
nasa announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . the announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by nasa in surprising places . scientists using the hubble recently provided powerful evidence that jupiter 's moon ganymede has a saltwater , sub-surface ocean , likely sandwiched between two layers of ice .
rudy guede , 29 , is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in perugia . ivory coast national 's dna was found all over the bedroom where miss kercher was found half-naked , her throat slit in 2007 , in the cottage she shared with knox .
research has revealed that the frequency with which britons are having sex has been in decline since the emergence of the internet . this was compared to four times a month in 1990 , according to research . in his book , prof spiegelhalter pointed to a number of possible factors for the decline in sexual activity with one possible explanation being that more people are living on their own .
natalie fletcher 's 100 bodies across america ' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots , forests and ruins . for each work natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints . katie and dez were painted as part of a beach scene raising their arms happily in the air .
all of the 36 units at the redlands house sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment which has been labelled an ` eyesore ' . local council defended the colour scheme , claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home . council spent # 750,000 including funds from the intermediate care fund on renovation .
louis jordan , 37 , said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun , wind , waves and sea spray during his ordeal . jordan was spotted by a german-flagged boat on thursday , more than two months after sailing out of a south carolina marina .
police arrested 12 protesters thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of mauna kea where one of the world 's largest telescopes is being built . while the native hawaiian groups do not oppose the thirty meter telescope itself , they disagree with the location of the construction . about 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $ 250 bail .
the former merrill lynch bank of america employee faces life in prison if he is convicted of the murder charges . his case has been adjourned until may 8 after the prosecution asked for more time . seneng mujiasih and sumarti ningsih were found dead in jutting 's upmarket flat in the early hours of november 1 after he called police .
ronda blaylock was just 14-years-old when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at atkins high school in rural hall , north carolina . her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride . she had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death .
diane mclean , 58 , and her three kids who ` lost everything but their lives ' in the east village apartment explosion last week are getting an incredible outpouring of support from their fellow new yorkers . a gofundme account has raised more than $ 87,000 for the family .
rodrigo alves , who is best known as the new human ken doll , is set to appear on the new season of the e! reality show botched . the 31-year-old london flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations , including four rhinoplasties , liposuction and six-pack implants . after doctors in the uk started turning him away , he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery - even approaching botched doctors dr terry dubrow
laura alicia caldero , 26 , claims she was sunbathing on the mamitas beach in playa del carmen when armed police forcibly removed her . her friends said she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of about # 70 . the beach is one of the most popular among tourists from europe and the us .
the 30-year-old model and animal rights activist has been making waves online with her series of body-flaunting photos on instagram . despite the outpouring of concern from her followers , sarah has n't let it stop her from continuing to flaunt her physique online with a new snap .
american eagle flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from dallas-fort worth international airport to wichita falls , texas , on sunday night . the plane left nearly a half-hour late , and the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on .
jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on facebook . the 24-year-old claimed he worked in ` midnight removals ' in his online profile . he was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries . the career criminal was jailed yesterday after admitting string of offences .
kevin o'connor , who owns memories pizza in the small town of walkerton , said he has temporarily shut the restaurant 's doors . contributor from glenn beck 's the blaze set up a fundraising page on gofundme for the pizzeria , with a goal of helping ` the family stave off the burdensome cost of having the media parked out front , activists tearing them down , and no customers coming in ' .
pete bennett , 33 , from brighton , won a dream # 100,000 after coming first in the seventh series of the channel 4 show in 2006 . but the troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless . nine years on the tourette 's sufferer says his condition has calmed down and he wants to crack hollywood as an actor .
 ambra battilana , 22 , said harvey weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night . the next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of finding neverland , which weinstein is producing , at the lunt-fontanne theater and posted it on her instagram . the beauty queen posted another picture of an empty glass of water from the
robert seman , jr. , 46 , was to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years . after the three bodies were found in the home in youngstown , ohio , police went to seman 's home and found corinne 's mother , lynn schmidt , wkbn reported . she was taken to the police station to be interviewed but she has not been arrested .
charlotte cobbald , 17 , took the deadly medicine , which her father stephen was keeping illegally , and injected it after saying she felt like a ` failure ' . she then ran away from her father , saying ` let me die ' , before she collapsed in a field and her family called 999 . paramedics fought to save her and took her in an ambulance to hospital , but charlotte died from the effects of the drug . she was an a * gcse student who had
party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for ed miliband after it emerged that dozens of labour councils and mps employ staff on controversial contracts . in a further blow , parliament 's expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour mps that they employ staff only because they are forced to by the westminster system .
the london book fair author hq event , with kindle direct publishing , is a three-day programme packed with seminars for budding authors . there will be representatives on hand from little , brown , harpercollins , headline , quercus , the creative penn , the alliance of independent authors and the society of authors . experienced authors will reveal how they launched their careers .
mariah rejected nick 's numerous demands for a $ 30 million divorce settlement so now he 's writing the book , saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another . there is nothing she can do about it because he already signed the deal last week with major publishing company simon and schuster .
esa 's rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67p after the probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby . on saturday the spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles -lrb- 14km -rrb- of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface . but during the manoeuvre , roset ta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ` safe mode
thomas jordan driver , 25 , david elliot moran , 47 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 , each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder . the supposed hit man was an fbi criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year . newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements .
researchers at different institutions in tokyo noted that rats flatten their ears , narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain . they found that long-evans rats can read pain on other animal 's faces and use the information to make decisions . to test the rodents ' pained expressions , they showed them the photos in a specially made cage to test whether they responded to the face , rather than the smell of another animal .
hudea , 4 , was pictured by photographer osman sagirli in atmeh refugee camp on syria 's border with turkey . her mother and three siblings are understood to have been living in the syrian camp since hudea 's father was killed in the 2012 hama massacre . two weeks ago , the family took a fateful decision to move south towards the city of idlib - only for it to fall into the hands of al qaeda 's brutal syrian affiliate
rachel chepulis , 26 , was arrested with wesley e. brown iii in north bend , oregon almost three weeks after she helped him break out of lake region correctional center . the pair managed to get 1,700 miles from the north dakota jail before being captured in oregon .
average british worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career . 60 per cent say they find most meetings ` pretty pointless ' , it 's not surprising . of the 2000 surveyed by headset manufacturer sennheiser communications . 70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings .
scottish illustrator johanna basford has sold more than 1.4 million copies of her colouring-in book for grown-ups , secret garden . the follow-up , enchanted forest , is expected to do just as well . if you needed any proof , then browsing amazon 's bestseller list offers it .
an employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the us , uk , australia , canada , china , france , germany , hong kong and japan - will be eligible . the plans were in a memo leaked to apple fansite 9to5mac in which mr cook wrote : ' i know that many of you have been looking forward to choosing an apple watch for yourselves ' .
james paul harris , 30 , originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old james gerety . the victim 's brother called the justice system ' a joke ' after learning how long harris would serve . on monday , a judge sentenced harris to four years and two months in prison for beheading another man with a guitar string .
the 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country . images of sarkozy arriving at a specialist financial court in paris today are a huge embarrassment for a politician who still thinks he can return to power . not only was he roundly beaten by francois hollande , his detested socialist rival , but he is alleged to have got the ump party to pay off his personal fine approaching # 500,000 for
david suchet , best known as the star of tv series poirot , is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases . his grandson todd has the rare condition tuberous sclerosis complex . those with the disease can live a full life but may develop tumours in organs such as the brain and heart and suffer from epilepsy and learning or behavioural difficulties .
the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song , including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem . in an interview published by christie 's auction house new york , where the manuscript was auctioned , mclean says american pie is about ` heading in the wrong direction ' .
a new book has claimed that hillary clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements at the height of the monica lewinsky scandal . she said that she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there . there she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ` heartbroken ' .
archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of an ` alien ' 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second ottoman-habsburg war . they believe the camel may have been left in the town of tulln for trading after the siege of vienna in 1683 . in a country where cows dominate the rural landscape , the discovery in an austrian cellar shocked scientists .
michelle-lael norsworthy , 51 , has been living as a woman since the 1990s . she has been in prison since 1987 , serving a life sentence for second-degree murder . judge jon tigar in san francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to her 51-year-old daughter violates her constitutional rights .
the mystery man has wandered into the london embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter . all that he could remember was that he was from the poznan area of poland . he may or may not have come from denmark within the past few days . currently , the only clue to his identity is a distinctive tattoo of a flower on his right upper arm .
lu lu and partner zhen zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds . video means ` stud ' lu is now the talk of china , says the people 's daily . pair were pitted against another couple of pandas , yi bao and jin xin .
texas a&m school of public health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans when compared to states with no restrictions . the study also found that older drivers were more likely to make a texting and driving mistake than a younger driver .
victoria prosser , 33 , stood up and heckled him about homeless people . she was later removed from the studio after she challenged mr cameron . she said she wanted people to question ` the 1 % at the top ' who she claimed were not working in the country 's interests .
karen wakefield and her husband paul dawson were one of a number of families who featured on the six-part bbc documentary , which aimed to show what life was like in harpurhey in manchester . it was criticised by those who starred in it as intentionally painting them in a negative light . mrs wakefield , who runs wishy washy launderette in the town , is due to appear in court after she refused to pay fines for taking her 13-year
mother-of-three danielle davis , 24 , refused a termination when a scan showed her baby had a cyst on the brain . but when daisy was born , ms davis and her partner andrew smith , 31 , were told she had the rare disorder anophthalmia . the condition is incurable , and so while daisy can be fitted with glass eyes as she gets older , she will never be able to see . some children with the disease have prosthetic
the majority of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder , which is also known as clinical depression . antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders . but the researchers found 38 per cent of those taking the drugs did n't meet criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder , panic disorder , social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder either .
the rev. robert h. schuller , the southern california televangelist and author who beamed his upbeat messages on faith and redemption to millions from his landmark crystal cathedral only to see his empire crumble in his waning years , has died . in 2013 , he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment .
professor bryan sykes of the university of oxford claims a towering woman named zana could have been the fabled yeti . witnesses described the six-foot , six-inches tall woman in the caucasus mountains between georgia and russia as having ` all the characteristics of a wild animal ' .
april 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers . the self-tanning shower valve ` enables a radiant glow to be achieved at the touch of a button ' the tanning shower . you can now wash and tan at the same time thanks to a new shower valve from crosswater .
kate winslet is to face a battle with natural england over plans to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her # 3.25 million beachside home from flooding and erosion . the multi bafta-winning actress , 39 , wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the west sussex coast . but the environmental body has recommended the planning application be refused .
the bear sits partially submerged in the water in a north american zoo . the young boy asks whether he is safe and his dad comically replies : ` that 's pretty strong glass , hopefully ' . the bear then begins mouthing at the partition , which causes the youngster 's parents to laugh .
the four-poster oak wood bed was left in the car park of the former hotel . builders were renovating the property and left it to be picked up by auctioneers . it was snapped up for # 2,200 in 2010 by ian coulson , a bed specialist . but he was shocked when his new ` victorian ' purchase arrived and approached tv historian jonathan foyle .
amy johnson , 38 , from sydney , said she became aggressive because the fries had spilled out of their containers and the mcdonald 's worker used her hands to put them back in the packet . she was a passenger in a bmw when she went through the drive-through at stanmore on march 17 at 6.10 pm .
justus howell , 17 , was shot twice in the back by police in zion , illinois . police chief steve dumyahn said howell had just taken a weapon from tramond peet , 18 , who was trying to sell it to him . he then claimed the two tussled over the weapon , which was fired into the ground .
sandy dee hall , 34 , and his girlfriend maxine cher , 24 , adopted smokey da lamb after he was abandoned by his mother . the couple have been providing him with round-the-clock care and attention . smokey has even taken lamb off the menu at his restaurant the black tree .
the collection , which was amassed by george iii , has been digitised and the queen was at windsor castle for the launch . declaring herself ` stunned ' by the collection , none of which she had seen before , her majesty admired the poems . along with the poems , which were given to the hanoverian monarch in 1812 , was a collection of scientific instruments .
london furniture company made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room . sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out . if you 're having trouble sleeping it could be down to the interior design of your bedroom .
the cardiff-based insurer has more than 5,000 staff voiced their fears in evidence to the welsh assembly 's enterprise and business committee that many youngsters failed at the application form stage . a lot of it is like text-speak , there is no punctuation or upper case . it also said youngsters are leaving school without english and maths skills .
police went to a home on march 26 in balch springs , texas , to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a ` rising ceremony ' performed . the ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child , police said . the child 's parents took the body to mexico the following day .
the dish loved by millions of british customers is to get a meat-free makeover . the swedish firm says producing the new version uses far less energy than making the pork and beef variety . the veggie balls will be rolled out this month , created from a secret recipe of chickpeas , peas , carrots , peppers , corn , kale and seasoning .
natalie whitear , 35 , suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness . condition is so severe that mrs whitear ca n't spot her own reflection or her children when picking them up from school . condition means she is able to recognise objects , but not faces .
mario ambarita , 21 , clambered into the wheel housing of the garuda indonesia flight which took off from the main island of sumatra and flew at 34,000 ft to jakarta . the desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was ` looking for work ' .
sixteen and 17 year olds should not be allowed to vote in a referendum . ukip accused of performing yet another u-turn on immigration policy . david cameron promised to claw back powers from brussels before holding in-out referendum by the end of 2017 . the eu has an advertising budget that is larger than coca-cola .
ben elton took a swipe at myleene klass over her criticism of ed miliband 's mansion tax plans . the comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at warrington 's parr hall the popstar had made her money ` showering in a bikini ' . elton distanced himself from the party under tony blair .
leia , an eight-month-old boxer from pennsylvania , was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby 's pacifier . footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep . to date the video of leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on facebook .
simona trasca , 34 , said in an interview that her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it . plastic surgeon marek valcu claimed ms trasca 's comments were defamatory and sued the model and presenter . she had then admitted that the course she had actually paid the equivalent of # 3,000 .
audrey alexander , 54 , has left parts of her garden in deep shade . it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of her family . it kicked off 35 years ago when her aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii hedge . she claims the trees knocked # 20,000 off the value of her property .
the ringling brothers elephant conservation center in an undisclosed , 200-acre area of polk county in central florida . ringling spokeswoman melinda hartline said the center is ` all about preserving the asian elephant ' . elephants born in the center can be sold to zoos or other breeding programs .
the law , brought in by indiana governor mike pence , was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state . marc benioff , the ceo of salesforce , was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing bill , calling it ` brutal ' and ` unjust ' . he initially canceled all events and suspended employee travel to indiana .
the 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from south carolina toward atlanta when it went off interstate 85 near the town of commerce about 7 am monday . authorities have confirmed three deaths , according to georgia state patrol captain mark perry . the van 's driver ` apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway , at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side , ' state patrol cpl scott smith said . the occupants of the van
the cheyenne mountain complex in colorado was built for norad to direct the american response to a nuclear war with the ussr . it was home to the north american aerospace command -lrb- norad -rrb- , scanning the skies for russian missiles and the military command and control center of the united states in the event of world war three .
` get out the water ! ' cries a man with a group of friends on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach , and for a long time to no avail , until they finally spot the danger as the shark 's chase leads it too close to them for comfort . while the likelihood that serious injury would have been very unlikely should the shark have turned its attentions to them .
asma fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony . the 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads . her mother suffers from bells palsy , among other health ailments and finds it difficult to leave the house due to her condition .
jo gilchrist , 27 , was left writhing in pain on valentine 's day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine . she has been in brisbane 's princess alexandra hospital ever since . doctors are still trying to rid her body of the bacteria . the mother of one says it took doctors a long time to work out what was wrong and her body started to go numb and she lost feeling in her legs .
the 68-year-old pulaski county resident , who was known as terrill wayne newman until tuesday , told the lexington herald-leader he does n't expect to be elected . his predecessor gained a following for his wit , sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana . the newly-christened galbraith filed paperwork on wednesday to run as an independent for the state 's highest office .
dna analysis shows that hunter gatherers lived in spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin . around 5,800 years ago the second gene , which makes skin colour lighter still , began to spread though the european population . the first homo sapiens retained their dark skin colour .
nine britons , four of them children , were seized by turkish security forces . they were caught as they made the final leg of their journey . the three men , two women and four children were detained by soldiers . it is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11 .
john zelepos , 48 , pleaded guilty to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses . the restaurant owner may also be forced to pay a $ 500,000 fine . prosecutors said in a release that between 2006 and 2010 , he diverted just over $ 567,000 from mystic pizza 's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members .
seven of the world 's most endangered crocodiles flew out of melbourne on wednesday en route to their native country . the 40 centimetre-long philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by melbourne zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight . there are only about 250 philippines crocodiles left in the wild .
lightning , floods and a deluge of hailstones descended on st louis tuesday . roads around the missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour . one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour . several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather , though no injuries were immediately reported .
jenna bush hager , 33 , and her husband henry , 2 , have a daughter , mila . during a segment in which ` adventure correspondent ' jenna was discussing what her ` next adventure ' for the show would be . she cut away to a clip of herself pointing to her tummy , asking mila who was in there , before the toddler told the world that it was her ` baby sissy ' .
sir jeremy heywood ordered an inquiry into claims leaked memo shows snp leader nicola sturgeon would prefer a tory general election victory . row followed allegation she told french ambassador sylvie bermann she would prefer tory election victory -- partly because labour leader ed miliband is not ` pm material ' .
camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook 's decision to open up messenger . the gifs are created in the camoji app . once downloaded , users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long . they can then add filters and other effects - similar to instagram .
hundreds of flies seen at rubbish-filled flat in tokyo where the body of an 85-year-old man was left for over a month . police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies . the majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life .
crystal o'connor and her father kevin were forced to close the doors to their pizza shop because the phones kept ringing and they did n't know if orders were fake or real . when asked if they 'll ever re-open their pizza place kevin said he initially shut down because he ` could n't tell if they were getting real orders or fake orders ' .
nearly half of women said they have suffered from mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles . one in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression due to a missed opportunity at work . more than a quarter said they wished that they had thrown caution to the wind and taken more risks in their careers .
a reading on the ` fright ' decibels of the rollercoaster at flambards theme park in helston will be recorded as a row develops over a new housing estate . the readings from the fun park will go into a report as local planning council considers a 480-house project . the 1,000-resident development is proposed for next door to the popular cornwall theme park .
the inspirational ms giffords , 44 , walked through the airport using a cane , hard-won steps that show her continued progress four years after she survived an attempted assassination . she was accompanied by her husband , retired astronaut mark kelly , on the trip , and a young woman who carried several bags .
plan could fit within nasa 's human space exploration budget . phobos orbital mission would last 30 months with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit . panel said current plan would use an orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from earth into orbit and back down . ` we believe we now have an example of a long-term , cost-constrained , indicator humans-to-mars program , ' said panelists .
school students could buy their way into university without completing their hsc . tuition , sporting and curricula fees for scot 's college , reportedly top $ 30,000 . the university of sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for year 11 students to skip their year 12 exams and ` buy ' their entry into the sandstone university .
the british musician long known for his experimentalism has written new songs and arranged older music for the production late this year at the new york theatre workshop . based on the novel by walter tevis , the 1976 film starred bowie as a humanoid who lands on earth in search of water for his parched planet .
domenico rancadore was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra . in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence . today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .
terry martin , 48 , shot his girlfriend laurice hampton after she asked for half of the proceeds . but hampton , critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest , was able to call 911 about 6:30 am saturday to report the shootings before she died . hampton was taken by ambulance to john peter smith hospital but died a few hours later .
kimberly greenberg became angry and left her santa monica home to calm down about 8.30 pm on march 24 , but never returned . her mother janice has now made an urgent appeal for help as the teenager , described as having the mental capacity of an eight-year-old . the area they lived in was what the teenager considered her ` safe place ' .
anthony bethell and st john 's college locked in dispute over hedgerow . bizarre dispute began when bethell decided he would pay for work to restore hedge . mr bethell thought it best to consult with the college - which is one of the largest landowners in the country - on where exactly he should replant the hedge .
dr alex russell , a sydney-based university lecturer , has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years . he shares his tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours . the main skill wine experts have believes russel is an ability to put a name to the odour or scent .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth . far from a conventional toast , mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage . the performance was also a tribute to their father , peter , who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years ago .
money supermarket advert features man dressed in shirt and jacket from waist up and tight booty shorts and stilettos from the waist down . when the men in their matching outfits walked down the street in benidorm , spain , they earned cheers , clapping and even policemen driving past waved and laughed .
sydney couple epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in as many days , visiting 35 countries and 70 cities . the idea only popped into her head about seven months before we hopped on the plane . with only seven months to organise everything , epiphany told daily mail australia .
the second wife of the beatles singer said she was ` very saddened ' by the news . cynthia , who married lennon after meeting him in college , died yesterday . a message on her son julian 's website said he was at her beside throughout , and the family ` are thankful for your prayers ' .
anthony ray hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near birmingham . prosecutors told a judge they wo n't re-try him for two slayings . the u.s. supreme court last year sent hinton 's case back for a potential new trial , which prompted a re-examination of the evidence .
12-year-old bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow . she has reached 93 decibels - more than official world record holder . despite fearsome sound , bluey is said to be gentle and loving . she is currently in a rehoming centre in cambridge looking for a new owner .
obama took aim at russia , china and iran as he revealed executive order which will allow u.s. treasury to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks on ` critical ' american computer networks . announcement followed series of high profile incidents , including a devastating attack against sony pictures , and data breaches that stole credit card or health data on tens of millions of americans .
islamic state terror group in syria have announced that all nurses working in areas under their control must speak english . revealed plans to open a school of nursing in raqqa , the extremists also disclosed the tough entry requirements for prospective medical workers . among them are rules that applicants are no more than 25 years of age , must be willing to work anywhere inside the territory controlled by the extremists .
the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level . daredevils will be able to step out onto the transparent walkway to get a dizzying peak at the valley floor , a full 2,350 feet below them .
noreen spendlove , then 68 , had the scan as part of the nhs breast cancer screening programme , and as she says : ` as always , getting the all-clear was a big relief ' . but 18 months later , shortly before her 70th birthday , the mother-of-three developed intermittent pain in her left side , just below her breast .
laura mary sumner , 24 , was given ten days to leave russia after being fined # 23.50 for an alleged visa violation . but russian media reports have branded her ` agent sumner ' and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot . the term describes overthrow of governments in former soviet states , such as 2004 orange revolution in ukraine .
detlef guenzel , 57 , chopped wojciech stempniewicz into small pieces . he buried them in garden of his home in hartmannsdorf-reichenau in 2013 . he was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead . prosecutors said they stopped short of demand because he wanted to die .
former white house florist ronn payne , retold in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion 's domestic staff . as he walked into the second-floor kitchen one day , he saw chelsea talking on the phone . a member of her secret service protective detail came in behind him to take the clintons ' only child to school .
study by krcher reveals six in ten brits are too busy to clean their homes . one in eight have n't vacuumed at all this year so far ; a fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before . women less likely to feel that their partner pulled their weight around the house .
president barack obama recalled his daughter malia 's run-in with the disease as a toddler . ` well you know , malia had asthma when she was four , and because we had good health insurance , we were able to knock it out early , ' the president told abc news ' chief health correspondent . obama today said he can ` relate to ... the fear a parent has when your four-year-old daughter comes up to you and says , `` daddy , i '
e.on effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers . energy companies must give customers 30 days ' notice of any price rise . but industry regulator ofgem found that e.on broke the rules by hitting tens of thousands of departing customers with a higher tariff in the days before their account was switched .
pope francis has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east , africa and elsewhere . reflecting this concern , among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross were faithful from iraq , syria , nigeria , egypt and china . thousands of people congregate outside the colosseum for tonight 's way of the cross procession .
some 42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction . 35 per cent disagreed with using controversial technique , survey found . finding shows greater backing for shale gas industry than other recent polls . survey carried out by comres , found greatest support among men and over-65s . nearly a third of people would be less likely to vote for candidate who supports fracking .
the 12-tonne double decker bus broke down en route to the stagecoach depot in dover , kent . the unlucky driver was forced to ask passengers , colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand . around seven proactive members of the public and bus company workers teamed up and managed to move the heavy bus .
the pair have jetted off on what was thought to be a make or break holiday following accusations of him cheating . the 24-year-old told the sun on sunday 's james beale : ` perrie should not stay with zayn any longer because he has cheated on her ' . cheryl and ashley both have enjoyed a huge amount of fame .
hannah brierley , 16 , thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat . she stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother , karen marriott , to come upstairs . after she was unable to get through she panicked and dialled 999 .
the yarnell hill fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013 , the worst disaster of its kind since 1933 . lookout brendan mcdonough heard the leader of the granite mountain hotshot order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned . paladini 's claim is based on what he says was told by darrell willis , former chief of woodland fires for the city .
barrick gold reached out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the us . one of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern enga province when she was raped in 2010 . she and her classmates had made string bags for police officers who had been moved into the area to increase security around the company 's porgera gold mine .
tracey cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart . do they know their strengths ? they do n't have to have spent the last decade on a therapist 's couch to have done some soul-searching . have they sorted out the emotional baggage from childhood and past relationships or are they trailing it along behind them ?
the ndrf was set up in the wake of the second world war , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the united states . today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .
april 2 is autism awareness day and autism assistance dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of ` animal therapy ' . the term ` autism spectrum disorders ' is an umbrella term that includes autistic disorder ; asperger 's and atypical autism . children with autism often have difficulty with social interactions and their verbal and non-verbal communication skills may be badly affected .
the 1-year-old bully breed mix showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm . now , the dog that defied death is recovering with the help of good samaritans and veterinarians at washington state university . the dog , theia , survived being run over , beaten with a hammer and buried , and now needs surgery .
the patent was filed by the california-based firm in march 2011 and awarded earlier this week . it details a method of scanning a user 's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position . if the scanned face matches a previously taken photo , the phone unlocks automatically . the patent explains that current methods of unlocking a mobile device are ` inconvenient and time consuming ' .
akon guode was interviewed as part of ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children . the children 's sudanese mother , 35 , was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 toyota kluger when it crashed into the lake at wyndham vale in melbourne 's outer west just before 4pm on wednesday . the heartbroken father of three siblings who died has since spoken out to defend the kids ' mother saying she is innocent as she is a ` good
researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise , it did n't matter what food was eaten . performance remained the same after resting for several hours , while levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ` fuel ' - were actually slightly higher after fast food was ate as a recovery food .
a beanie believed to have belonged to luke shambrook has been found on the fourth day of the search for the missing 11-year-old . it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . police are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search continues .
fossils of a creature bearing a ` striking ' similarity to depictions of nessie have been found in a 19th century collection . originally belonging to cromarty writer and geologist , hugh miller , the specimens now sit in inverness museum and art gallery . he saw the resemblance and called for scientists to investigate the ancient creature .
the u.s. department of agriculture 's food safety and inspection service revealed the recall on tuesday . the type of baby food being recalled is ` stage 2 beech-nut classics sweet potato & chicken ' . customers can be refunded or receive an exchange by returning the jars to their place of purchase .
new 6.2 mile-stretch means full range of qin dynasty great wall can be traced for the first time . nine sections of the wall have been found over the last two months along the inner coast of the yellow river in gansu province and the ningxia region . new stretch , ranging between jingyuan county and nanchangtan village , was discovered by a team led by zhou xinghua , renowned great wall researcher and the former head of ningxia
danny eckhart was intoxicated , his former co-workers in st. tammany parish say , when he took the boat out on the tchefuncte river and smashed it into pilings outside the t-rivers bar in madisonville . no one was injured in the crash .
luke lazarus was sentenced on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father 's soho nightclub in kings cross , inner sydney in may 2013 . lazarus hired back schwartz vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm , who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction , also contested the five year-maximum sentence he received . in the victim 's impact statement , which was read out at court on her behalf , the
ed miliband was last night accused of snubbing britain 's army of self-employed workers . in a special election edition , the magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves . but while david cameron , nick clegg , nigel farage and nicola sturgeon all feature , there is no message from mr miliband .
liz brindley , 31 , from huddersfield , west yorkshire , began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn . neighbours have reported issues with drains , streetlights , cracks in front doors , gaps between interior doors and the architrave , loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street .
mike holpin still has a live profile on the site where he met his bride-to-be . despite being engaged for the fourth time , the alcoholic benefits claimant still has an active online dating profile . holpin paints himself as a doting father , one of his many children has spoken out to confirm the feeling is not mutual .
children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory . the game was designed to test cognitive flexibility , which is our ability to shift attention , select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task . students were given a task-switching game to complete .
aaron stringer , of the bakersfield , california , allegedly said ` tickle tickle ' as he ran his fingers along the soles of the feet of ramiro james villegas , a 22-year-old whom officers killed the same day . stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department since it started investigating the chilling accusations in november .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull . he fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot . he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 . his parents have paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a ` natural talent with children ' .
bae system 's typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter 's positioning and accuracy . to counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull , experts must build the jet on ` floating ' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon . this helps its ` fly by wire ' computer system to accurately control the aircraft , designed to be unstable but hugely agile .
leza davies , from telford , shropshire , thought breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence . then , in april 2012 , she was sorting out washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size . but remarkably , she soon found out she was pregnant after finishing treatment .
the test was set for 14-year-olds in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad . it features logical reasoning questions and are set to test top achievers . one man in london said : ` cheryl obviously did n't want albert and bernard at her party ' .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday . they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health . it came after more details emerged of the colorful background of mrs costello 's late husband 's family . george , the co-owner of costello marine in greenport , died from a heart attack in 2012 .
the brooklyn resident was in court on monday as prosecutors accused him of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading . despite being a co-owner of their mutual fund , allese capital llc , and a certified public accountant who ` kept the books ' , michelle has not been charged in the scheme .
cheng chen , 27 , spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie 's exact measurements . finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4kg and comes complete with helmet , laser gloves and a power backpack . but cheng said he was too ` chubby ' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him .
the app is currently in development and will be trialled in wandsworth later this year . as customers scan their household items , a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices . these prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale , or becomes part of a multi-buy deal for example .
frances clarkson , 53 , spent easter bank holiday weekend with friends and family . she has previously holidayed in the area with 54-year-old broadcaster . pair , who have two daughters and a son , are said to have lived apart for years . bbc announced last month they were dropped from hit motoring show .
sam barton has had # 55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like joey essex . the 22-year-old says abuse online about his appearance also forced him to move house . on easter monday he was attacked by a group of men who pelted him with eggs from a car . the yobs then hurled six eggs at him before speeding off - leaving him with yolk and shell running down his face on the pavement .
amy wilkinson , 28 , claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit . she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner . wilkinson was ordered to pay back a total of # 17,000 that she claimed over two years . she admitted two charges of dishonestly making false representations .
a wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to an unsuspecting wombat who invaded his personal space . shocked onlookers started filming the native pair at the wilsons promontory national park in southeast victoria . the wombat had no idea what he was in for as he approached the unsuspecting wallaby .
the election means half of the six-member city council in ferguson , a town where two-thirds of the 21,000 residents are black . this just over one month after the department of justice released a report on the shocking culture of racism and abuse in the city . the lone black incumbent councilman , dwayne james , was not up for re-election .
ruth davison has been leading the campaign to prevent millions of people getting a real chance of owning their own homes . but just as she did not advertise the fact she is a member of her local labour party in islington , north london , neither has revealed how comfortable her own house is .
stacey benton , a government major from florida who leans republican , said a president hillary clinton is ` just going to continue a lot of things obama has been doing ' . dartmouth is the only ivy leage school in an early presidential primary state , making it an intellectual hotspot for candidates looking to read the younger generation 's tea leaves .
the phone belonged to bella crooke from melbourne , was handed in to albury police station on the nsw-victoria border on sunday morning . police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station .
the town of stephanie scott has paid tribute to the teacher who was allegedly murdered on easter sunday . more than a dozen balloons took to the skies as hundreds of yellow helium balloons were released in the town where the 26-year-old grew up . orange resident mark andrew said it was a ` surreal start to a sad and poignant day ' .
in a survey conducted by bt , a third of parents said they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their little ones to sleep . eurythmics ' there must be an angel came second on the top ten , followed by vanilla ice 's ice baby , while more current hits from pitbull , ed sheeran and sam smith also made the cut .
a study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35 am as the most hectic , frenzied time of day in australian households . the 41-year-old former great outdoors and wheel of fortune presenter said she has a ` million and one ' things to do in the mornings to get her children out the door .
research on infants ' brains by doctors from oxford university has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults . it overturns the medical consensus that newborns have a high pain threshold . in the first study of its kind , the researchers showed in brain scans that infants ' minds react in much the same way as adults when given even mild pain .
mother-to-be , whose name is injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by surrogate mother . injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally . the birth of injaz caused great excitement in 2009 . scientists said cloning would help preserve genetics of the camel population .
lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door . with the door jammed , it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time . after more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps , boomer appears resting in the same position .
local campaigners strongly opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of a judicial review . they want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds . when the project first began it was promised it would be paid for in its entirety through private funds . it has been claimed the garden could not be classified as transport structure as it would have no public right of way .
self-styled mirreyes , which refers to individuals who enjoy ` ostentatious spending , exhibitionism and narcissism ' , are ` placed above all others ' , post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name . many of the photos posted by the mirreye showcase luxurious vacation spots .
man was born at the luton and dunstable hospital in september 1989 . he was readmitted three months later suffering a serious brain haemorrhage . maternity staff failed to administer a vitamin k injection shortly after the man was born . booster is given to newborn babies to reduce risk of blood clots .
nathan sellers went on divorce court with lia palmquist and accused her of sleeping with every wu-tang clan during one night as she partied with them at a hotel after a show . that would mean palmquist had sex with the rza , the ghostface killah , masta killa , u-god , inspectah deck , raekwon , cappadonna and method man . the tenth member of the wu , ol' dirty bastard , is dead so he
the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child could be the first royal to be born outside london for 85 years . kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at kensington palace , less than two miles from the lindo wing at st mary 's where prince george was born in 2013 .
hawaiian-born photographer dustin wong , 31 , abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company . inspired by ancient hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape , wong has journeyed from the arctic circle to australia .
the site told daily mail online that ` after review by our team , the campaign set up for officer slager was removed due to a violation of gofundme 's terms & conditions ' . slager has been charged with the murder of unarmed black father walter scott , 50 , who was fatally shot five times in the back in north charleston , south carolina on saturday .
robert durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a new orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm and an illegal drug , marijuana . durst 's hands were shackled to his sides , and two defense attorneys lifted him from an armchair to his feet to walk to the podium .
` screw ' measures an inch -lrb- 2cm -rrb- long and was collected by a ufo and paranormal research team . they claim the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old and after x-raying it , believe there is another hidden ` screw ' inside the stone .
the incident happened after a meeting between afghan provincial leaders and a u.s. embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in jalalabad . the washington official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was n't authorized to speak before the official announcement was released . the shooter was also killed in that incident .
a bizarre fake fundraising page has been set up for stacey eden , a 23-year-old sydney resident whose furious stand against racism has spread around the world . her recording of the fiery incident went viral after being published by daily mail australia on thursday morning . the muslim couple 's mosque at holland park , brisbane have graciously offered to fly ms eden to the gold coast for a tour .
the 58-year-old actress , who took a leave of absence from broadway play ` fish in the dark ' earlier this month , shared the news through a statement published by people magazine on tuesday . she explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion .
richard attenborough made his big-screen debut in the 1942 film in which we serve , and was still acting more than five decades later when he appeared in jurassic park . many of the lots relate to his time in front of the camera and include mementoes from such career-defining films as brighton rock .
john t. booker jr was detained in manhattan , kansas , on friday morning and charged with multiple terror offenses . the 20-year-old , who refers to himself as muhammad abdullah hassan , is said to have targeted nearby fort riley and planned to use a 1,000 lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill ` people with power ' .
the final discworld novel , written by sir terry pratchett , will be released this september . it will feature tiffany aching , a witch-in-training who has featured in four books . the character , first appeared in the wee free men in 2003 , went on to feature in another three books .
the adapted chair by sii deutschland beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the passenger comfort hardware award . sitting at one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat , the santo seat aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety . it would be a larger version of the aircraft chairs , meaning a wider passenger could comfortably and safety fit in the chair .
ramon c. estrada , 62 , was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died sunday . he was scheduled to have dialysis friday at the prison 's treatment center , but a technician did not show up on friday or saturday . the technician or technicians involved worked for a university of utah hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison .
clinton 's lone official appearance on her first day in new hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in keene . but a lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public 's radar . if police radar had been engaged , it would have clocked hillary 's signature black conversion van - ` scooby ' , for the uninitiated -- hitting 92 mph in
family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on berth 73 when the vehicle , driven by the boys ' father , veered off the edge of the harbor . two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived . they had no pulses and were n't breathing when divers brought them up , and resuscitation efforts began immediately .
janet street-porter posted picture of herself on twitter with caption ` just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing ! ' . in all , i 've probably received more than 600 insults , and two days later they 're still coming . luckily , whatever happened to free speech ? in the knockabout atmosphere of an election campaign , everything is up for debate .
dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after horse attempted to jump a black peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen . one animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf , dismounting a rider , after trying to scale the vehicle - a jump which could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs .
chloe pearsall , 26 , and nicole howley , 25 , committed abuse at care home . all four workers ` systematically ' abused residents until whistleblower reported them to bosses . judge sean enright said he had ` put aside his own personal revulsion ' to find a ` just , proportionate sentence ' .
luke shambrook , 11 , was sitting alone on a hillside in the fraser national park near lake eildon , north-east of melbourne , on friday . he was found just before midday aest on tuesday in thick bushland off skyline road . the officer knelt down and offered luke reassurance he was finally safe .
four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on sydney harbour , possibly due to a dangerous strain of ecstasy pills known as ` blue scissors ' . the men - two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22 , collapsed on the vessel on good friday , forcing it to dock near the opera house . they were rushed to st vincent 's hospital . on friday afternoon , about 800 partygoers poured off the bella vista boat
hermann goering founded the gestapo and was commander of the german air force . he was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer . it was originally believed to be a replica , but the careful examination of the sweat blemishes and fraying on the buttons and buckles led experts to believe it had been worn .
tate britain chiefs believe the chance discovery of an export permit will bolster their claim that the 1824 oil painting -- beaching a boat , brighton . the 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called karola fabri and seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from budapest to zurich , including one by constable identified as fishing boat . the discovery of the permit in the archives of budapest 's museum of fine arts is the latest twist in an increasingly fraught
cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the tobu zoo in saitama prefecture , on the outskirts of tokyo . initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors , the cubs were encouraged by their mother , cara , aged nine , to walk out of their cage and into the outdoors living space .
the intrepid social media giants were sent by europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days . their breathtaking findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users , with the team proving that isle of skye is the perfect road trip destination . the team combined danish and scottish photographers for a promotional campaign .
a single-use device eases the pain of an injection by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin within 60 seconds . three first year students , from l-r , bioengineer andy zhang and computer scientist greg allison , came up with the invention .
the hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion 's leaky roof . officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to mayor bill de blasio and his family , who will remain in the home during the renovation . the cost of removing the asbestos will be about $ 250,000 and the contract was awarded this week to regional management inc. .
the kazakhstani ministry of defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers . the pictures show the women in three set poses - in military uniform , with weapons and in civilian clothing . they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by voters . a spokesman for the mod said the competition was open until the 10th of may .
the 26-year-old was hit in the leg when gunmen opened fire near his home in khost , eastern afghanistan . his son muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack , which chris says was the latest in a series of attempts to kill or kidnap him . during more than three years with uk forces , chris worked with elite units including the sas , royal marines and parachute regiment .
the couple appeared not to mind being in full view during their steamy encounter at the three bridges playing fields in crawley , west sussex . the couple did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them during their sex session at 3.30 pm yesterday . photographs and videos of the unusual incident were quickly posted online and shared thousands of time .
tinside lido , plymouth , underwent a # 3.3 million restoration in 2003 . voted one of europe 's top 10 outdoor pools in europe , it 's definitely worth a splash . lake windermere , cumbria , is the largest natural lake in the country .
medical experts watched the 23rd outing for ian fleming 's hero . they concluded that bond would have died or been critically injured several times . within the first seven minutes , bond is hit by a depleted uranium shell . around normally used to destroy tanks that would almost certainly have killed the hero .
the university of michigan nixed an upcoming screening of the oscar-nominated drama american sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face . the school tweeted out a statement saying the ` decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @umich places on freedom of expression ' . that tweet was linked to a statement by e. royster harper , the school 's vice president for student life , acknowledging that it was ` a mistake ' to call off the screening .
clare van santen , 37 , was told she had breast cancer when she was 15 weeks pregnant with her fifth child , elijah , now aged nine . when she asked her doctor after all her treatment whether she was in remission , he told her that with breast cancer , if it is contained within the breast like hers was , you are essentially cured . ten years on , after living a life which she thought was cancer-free , the single mum-of-five has been told her cancer
michelle schwab , 38 , has been charged with child endangerment after she allegedly dangled her son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure in cleveland metroparks zoo . she faces six months in jail and a $ 1,000 fine . she is an assistant director at kindercare , a nationally-acclaimed education , care and resource provider .
australian woman evita nicole sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery last month in mexico . the 52-year-old was admitted to hospital quirurgico del valle on march 20 while on holiday with her boyfriend , and died on the same day . her sister belinda munoz said she wished she had spoken out about dr ramirez when her sister died , and that ` now the beautiful evita is gone my heart breaks for her family ' .
the first ever mid-air refuelling of an unmanned aircraft was today successfully achieved by the navy 's x-47b drone . the salty dog 502 vehicle is one of two unmanned carrier air vehicle demonstrators -lrb- ucas-d -rrb- . earlier today , the aircraft plugged its in-flight refuelled probe into the hose of an omega air kc-707 tanker off the coast of maryland . during the test , it trailed the omega air refue
the body of pregnant charmain speirs face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days . her husband eric isaiah adusah has been charged with the murder of his pregnant wife , charmaine spears . the couple were married last september .
police are searching for a man charged with killing his wife palak bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , 24 , at the dunkin' donuts in hanover . the woman , 21 , died at the scene , police said . patel has been charged with first-degree murder , second-degree assault , as well as dangerous weapon with intent to injure .
john foran 's wife nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry . the # 2 ready meal was bought from an iceland foods store in spytty retail park near the couple 's home in newport , south wales , within the last two weeks .
j.b. silverthorn of orchard park , new york , got charged with a dui moments after being convicted for his first on monday . the 44-year-old was charged with felony dui , meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail . he 's currently being held in the erie county jail with his bail set at $ 1,000 .
aaron hernandez has n't set foot in the stadium since june 2013 . he was arrested under suspicion of murdering odin lloyd . on wednesday , a 12-person jury found him guilty , sentencing him to life in prison without the possibility of parole due to some especially heinous aspects of lloyd 's killing .
oszzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint . animal lover 's appeal for help led to a south african tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb . after creating specific design files , a 3d printer was used to manufacture the new leg .
obama sat on one side , between the late apple co-founder steve jobs and facebook pioneer mark zuckerberg , but the place of honor was no accident . google executives and employees donated more than $ 1.6 million to obama 's two white house campaigns , and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both . one result has been a coziness with the u.s. government 's executive branch that few other companies can match -- marked by access for lobbyists ,
the ` very blokey joke book ' by jake harris was displayed in the high street brand 's menswear department and is also available on amazon . the joke was first tweeted by media commentator tim doble via @betterthantoday who was shocked when he noticed the joke .
the 58-year-old actress , who is married to actor tom hanks , tweeted : ' i am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you 're sending . thank you ' . on tuesday , she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by people magazine .
christine bleakley has been in a relationship with frank lamapard for fiver years . the 36-year-old says building a bond with his children has been a careful , ` well-thought-out process ' . frank and christine are engaged to be married after meeting at pride of britain awards five years ago .
virginia 's portsmouth public schools say their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules . after the photo began circulating the web , food service coordinator jim gehlhoff said the lunch was ` concerning ' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks .
an 18-month-old baby and three girls were trapped on a sandbank at blackpool beach while out walking during the school break . but when obvious they had found themselves in trouble , those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help - instead they took out their smartphones to record the drama .
arya stark is an assassin and nomad , her older sister sansa is forced to rely on her feminine wiles and sinister queen cersei lannister clings to power in king 's landing . the sorceress melisandre has control over another claimant to the throne , stannis baratheon , and is bringing her magic to the wall .
jade ruthven , 33 , was so upset by the ` poison pen ' note that she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian em rusciano . the incredible printed letter , littered with expletives and exclamation marks , starts with the anonymous author saying they had got together with ' a few of the girls ' to say they are ` so over ' .
darius , who measures over four feet long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone , is officially the world 's biggest rabbit . but his title is now being contended by his son jeff , who already measures 3ft 8in - with six months left of growing to do .
amit yadav , 20 , was driving his red honda civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he lost control and smashed into an oncoming renault cleo in august 2013 . his two passengers - brothers haider and taimur kayani , 17 , from leytonstone , were killed in the collision on lodge avenue , dagenham . mrs sellathurai required surgery to remove part of her damaged intestine , while she suffered further injuries to her bladder and
laurent stefanini , 55 , was in january asked by french president francois hollande to represent their country at the holy see . but the controversial appointment was met ` with a stony silence ' by the vatican , according to the french media . mr stefansini was a practising catholic but his proposed move from head of protocol at the elysee had ` not received the agreement ' .
german detectives have been ` closely monitoring developments ' in the # 60m london case . in particular , they are keen to find out whether any dna was recovered from the scene of the easter weekend raid and crucially , whether it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a # 8.3 million robbery at the volksbank in steglitz , berlin .
blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell barack obama 's senate seat when he was elected president in 2008 . the 58-year-old is currently serving a 14-year sentence at the federal correctional institution englewood near denver . photos show the former governor sitting at a desk , reading a book and wearing glasses and sitting outside in shorts and a wife beater shirt .
ao yu , 71 , named one of the international press institute 's 50 ` world press heroes ' in 2000 - ` illegally provided state secrets to foreigners ' . ruling stated gao had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling communist party named ` document number 9 ' to a hong kong media outlet .
the danish monarch was joined on the balcony by her sons , crown prince frederik , 46 , and prince joachim , 45 , who were with her again for a procession down copenhagen shopping street strget . margrethe 's other daughter-in-law , the french-born princess marie , 39 , was also at fredensborg castle .
a pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the pittsburgh area so far this year , most recently on april 10 . the unknown men , who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees ' heads , have threatened to kidnapping those at their targets and shoot police . however , the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the fbi to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers themselves .
the gypsy secretariat foundation , which is leading the campaign , are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies . members of spain 's gypsy community throw flower petals into the manzanares river symbolizing the departure of their ancestors from india and their exodus across the world . the reference to a ` gypsy ' -lrb- ` gitano ' -rrb- was introduced late last year following complaints about the 22nd edition entry that included
the fbi has cleared the tulsa county sheriff 's department in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by a volunteer deputy earlier this month . sheriff stanley glanz said in a press conference on monday that the special fbi agent in charge of the state of oklahoma , jim finch , had informed him of the investigation 's results earlier that morning .
nuku vanonyi cudjoe-calvocoressi was head of politics at st george 's school in ascot . he was travelling on a richmond to reading train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a 33-year-old female passenger . he has now been banned from teaching for at least five years .
the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today , hauling passengers between pickering and whitby . in scenes that harked back to a bygone age , the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three-day spring steam gala .
the system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys to let patients control three different cat toys at the jacksonville humane society shelter . the toys include a long ` tail ' that swings from side to side when the user presses a button . the idaho firm behind the system has already installed its system in 10 animals shelters across the us .
len barnes , 57 , from stockton , has been cured of the severe bowel infection clostridium difficile . he lost his appetite and endured continuous pain . despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital , the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement . it was then that specialists suggested a faecal transplant .
the us body that regulates internet addresses is looking to crack down on a canadian company using the new ' . sucks ' domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities such as kevin spacey and companies looking to protect their reputations . so far , purchased names include youtube.sucks , bankofamerica .
the fossilised skull of a juvenile daspletosaurus , which lived around 75 million years ago , was a two-legged predator up to 12 metres long and weighing five tonnes . at least half a dozen of the animals appear to have belonged to a single social group , including adults and juveniles , that died together .
john travolta said his decades of personal experience in the organization have been nothing but positive -- nothing like the blackmailing , physically abusive cult portrayed in the film . ' i have n't experienced anything that the hearsay has , so why would i communicate something that was n't true for me ? ' he said .
twitter suspended 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants last week . most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east . now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted .
the savannah morning news reports levi jarrett millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. wednesday , making him this year 's first tax day baby at memorial university medical center . the donation , made by path2 college 529 plan , is given to the first child born each year on tax day . this is the second year for the taxday baby celebration .
rachelle friedman was pushed into a pool in may 2010 , breaking her neck , she was instantly paralyzed from the neck down . as paramedics rushed around her , friends wept , and her fianc frantically phoned from three hours away , rachelle had one question : could she still have kids ? ` it was the first thing i thought of , ' rachelle told dailymail.com .
a guard at the u.s. census bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died thursday as part of what began with a suspect kidnapping his own wife at gunpoint in washington . authorities locked down the suitland , maryland campus just before 8pm thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself somewhere inside after ramming the front gates . however , the gunman had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into d.c. that ended when
jeffrey walker told jurors that the philadelphia police department drug squad targeted ` white college-boy , ... khaki-pants types ' who were ` easy to intimidate ' . that matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial .
the offender snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask . he made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday . police were called to the union st dairy , in east christchurch at about 12.30 pm . the masked man threw the cash register to the ground and took off .
survey of 1,001 british muslims found one in four had some sympathy with those who decide to join terror organisations such as isis . one third have sympathy for the jihadi runaways despite the deplorable images of isis atrocities posted on the internet . eight per cent agreed they had ' a lot of sympathy ' for the likes of jihadi john .
a report on the threat posed by australian foreign fighters has blamed the abbott government 's ` troubled relations ' with the muslim community . the report comes just a day after the news of the death of melbourne model-turned-jihadist sharky jama . the department of foreign affairs was unable to confirm sharky 's death as its capacity to do so was ` extremely limited ' .
 mindfulness-based cognitive therapy -lrb- mbct -rrb- led to similar outcomes as antidepressants when treating the mental disorder . it teaches people to focus on the present moment , has similar recurrence rates as anti-depressants , a study found . over two years , relapse rates were 44 per cent in the medication group .
defense attorneys released some of the training records saturday for a 73-year-old volunteer sheriff 's deputy charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of an unarmed suspect . the records for robert bates include certificates showing what training he received , job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , is awaiting extradition from florida to north carolina , where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old ron lane . he told raleigh 's wral-tv on wednesday that he killed lane earlier this week because lane had made sexual advances to his 16-year old brother . ` he ai n't physically touched him , but he was in the proposal to try and i was n't going to let
the hop theory ` beer-bag ' contains a blend of hops , fruit peels and natural spices , and promises to turn light beer into craft beer . but despite nearly reaching its crowd-funding target , the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about what constitutes as ` craft beer ' .
caretakers of abraham lincoln 's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in national geographic magazine . for the state that calls itself the ` land of lincoln , ' the timing of a ceremony wednesday in springfield to mark his death is awkward because illinois faces a financial crisis . gov. bruce rauner has proposed eliminating the state historic preservation agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists .
harvey weinstein 's wife georgina chapman , 38 , stepped out looking forlorn amid allegations her billionaire husband was recorded apologizing to a 22-year-old model for groping her . the producer , 63 , has emphatically denied sexually assaulting ambra battilana during a business meeting at his tribeca office last friday . but as he fights to throw out the allegations , the new york daily news reports that police overheard a phone call between weinstein and weinstein .
damon muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with juvenile dermatomyositis in november . the disease has robbed damon , from gladstone in central queensland , of the ability to run , ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun . he has already been rushed to hospital once after his neck started swelling so much it almost closed his throat .
australian warren rodwell was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days . he was finally staggered to freedom from the clutches of the filipino terror group abu sayyaf . in an interview with daily mail australia , mr rodwell said he fears the federal government will not award him victims of terror overseas compensation . under australian law , the survivors and families of victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $ 75,000 in compensation
jelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , has been missing since march 2 , when she was on a break from longwood university in farmville , virginia and home in norfolk . the remains were found outside a residence in franklin on thursday morning . the fbi is now involved in the investigation .
lexy wood , the 13-year-old daughter of kyesha smith wood , told rebecca boyd that she is 'em barrassed ' by the way she acted when she disrupted a screening of cinderella in bessemer , alabama . she and her step-sister were said to have been ` rude and obnoxious ' throughout the film . mrs wood was mortified when she heard about the encounter from her son and said ` it was a hard pill to swallow
the bbc political editor announced at the start of march that he would be taking some weeks off for treatment for a rare lung tumour . but he expressed hopes he will be fit again in time to cover ` the election proper ' . last night he returned to the bbc 's news at six to analyse the labour 's party 's manifesto from the studio .
al qaeda-linked networks have altered tactics since fugitive stole intelligence files from gchq and the us national security agency . extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications by releasing encryption programmes for followers . last week john oliver flew to moscow to grill edward snowden about the leaking of ` harmful ' documents .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was spared the maximum 25 years to life . she appeared emotionless as the verdict was read in the death of her son garnett-paul spears . the boy 's father , chris hill , was not emotionless but and wrote of his wife 's sentence ; ` please put her in general population ! thats all im asking for ! because she wont make it ' . spears ' lawyer requested the minimum 15 years to death .
marcel hirscher created the incredible video at reiteralm near schladming . the 26-year-old skier used coloured powder packed into the poles he swerved around . the team had to get up at 4am to capture the rainbow run in one take from a number of angles .
hanan , 19 , was snatched from her family in mosul , iraq , last august . she and six others were then taken to a house in a nearby village where they met a fellow yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months . the girl told them she had been beaten , handcuffed and raped and their captors warned they would soon suffer the same fate .
mike lane , 40 , was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes . he condemned the decision by police as ` pathetic ' . he said : ` everyone is very disappointed . i 've been told that unless further evidence comes forward , the attackers are not likely to be found ' .
xiao zhengti was born with a congenital liver disease meaning he needed his first transplant at just nine months old . his body rejected the organ , leading to years of trips to hospital , until father xiao kunqing was allowed to donate 40 per cent of his liver yesterday . the touching story began in 2009 shortly after xiao was born to parents from southern china 's hunan province with jaundice .
the remains were discovered in an elaborate grave in the el mirn cave in cantabria , spain . they are thought to belong to a 35 to 40-year-old woman who was buried around 18,700 years ago . images above show some of the microscopic fungal spores from grilled fungi and bolete fungi .
james ritchie was voted into the job at the tasmanian university union . despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description , the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition . the university 's student union has now introduced a requirement that candidates sign a statutory declaration confirming they identify as female .
king charles spaniel alfie underwent an mri scan at animal health trust clinic in newmarket , suffolk . the pet , who is completely deaf , had the scan , last month after his owner lynne edwards noticed a lump behind his ear . she then took him to a local vet , where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns in his back . she now calling on all vets to ensure they heat up pads correctly and monitor them adequately .
the carnival spirit has been damaged outside sydney harbour due to dock at 7:15 pm this morning . the massive swell , seen from video images taken from on-board , shows just how treacherous and stomach churning the conditions are . the ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the nsw coast .
social services minister scott morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who do n't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits . $ 726 from family tax benefit a , $ 200-a-week from the childcare benefit scheme . newscorp reported that prime minister tony abbott will announce the reforms alongside mr morrison on sunday .
the capybara joejoe lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy . he has nearly 60,000 followers on instagram . the giant rodent submerges his head in the water , which causes a duckling to slide off him . the video concludes with one duckling , who manages to maintain its balance twice when the rodent makes a dive .
there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year , with three people killed in australia and south africa . despite worrying statistics , only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans , with great white , bull and tiger sharks accounting for the vast majority of attacks . reunion has recorded seven fatal shark attacks in the past five years , more per capita than anywhere else in the world .
the first contestant to press his buzzer was tom , a freemason , who inexplicably answered : ` what is the age of consent ? ' . it is n't unheard of for game show contestants to give embarassingly incorrect answers when under the pressure to buzz first . viewers watching at home could n't contain their horror at what tom 's answer appeared to imply and soon #jeopardy was trending on twitter .
jack jordan , 23 , proposed to his girlfriend laura cant last christmas . he had hoped to undergo a bone marrow transplant to prolong his life . last week mr jordan was given the news that he was too ill to undergo the transplant and has just weeks to live . the couple have now moved the wedding forward and are set to become the first to marry in a ceremony at torbay hospital 's chapel .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily , 14 , were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday . they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health . they have now been found safe and well in new york city 's upper west side neighbourhood .
new book by former education journalist david turner lays bare the little-known history . it was inspired by david cameron 's comparison to flashman in tom brown 's school days . years of research in the schools ' archives has shed light on tales of master 's held at sword-point , mass walkouts and battles so intense they required the intervention of a militia .
mary kay letourneau , a 34-year-old married mother of four , pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student , which resulted in two pregnancies . the couple 's 10-year wedding anniversary will air on 20/20 on friday - nearly 20 years after the disgraced teacher was re-arrested .
a guest house inspired by author jrr tolkien 's fictional tales is attracting devoted followers of the book and film franchise . set in a remote valley in the north-west corner of the state , the shire of montana gives guests the chance to live like bilbo baggins for just under $ 300 -lrb- # 200 -rrb- a night . at 1,000 square feet , the underground house one king bedroom and a smaller guest room , plus custom-made
the retired midnight oil lead singer , former politician and passionate environmental activist , has put his family 's sydney home on the market . the 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife dora and three daughters , emily , grace and may . as to be expected the 193 centimetre rockstar 's home boasts beautiful high ceilings . the three bedroom terrace is set over two levels with a beautiful balcony off the master bedroom ,
warner bros and dc entertainment attempted to set a world record for most people dressed as dc comics superheroes within 24 hours . the april 18 event kicked off in queensland , australia , with a celebration at the movie world australian theme park . it ended in style in los angeles , california , at the hollywood & highland center .
baby elephant tukta feeds on a giant pumpkin from the sydney royal easter show . the pumpkins were served to the asian elephants at the popular zoo . keepers introduced new foods and enrichment items to challenge and stimulate the extraudinary animals . they can eat between 60kg and 100kg in one day .
elijah cook failed his first hearing test just 12 hours after being born in coon rapids on january 2 . the nine-weeks-old was fitting with the hearing aids , and the amazing moment was caught on video . doctors decided to fit him with hearing aids as soon as possible .
xue feng returned to his texas home on friday following his release from beijing 's no. 2 prison . he served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior . the 50-year-old doctor was the only american citizen serving a sentence in a chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security .
matthew hall , 25 , climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in manchester 's fashionable northern quarter district and hid . asked when confronted ` am i scaring you ? ' and ` you 're dead sexy - can i come in ? ' . in one case he walked into his victim 's bedroom as she slept in the early hours , making off when she switched the light on and saw him . hall now risks arrest if he enters the area , where each of his terrified
wail impatiently to russell was ready to be a father , we were financially secure and after editing a weekly magazine in new york for four stressful years . 11 months later , when my body was still not doing what i demanded , i got depressed , stressed and scared . proud mum sarah ivens with her two children , william and matilda .
the los angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations , with the brand now encouraging customers to shop online . ` we no longer have store locations , ' reads the brand 's website , which goes on to note that the online store offers the same selection of products .
jay kantaria , 38 , from harrow , north-west london , had been looking forward to his daughter 's birthday party when he leapt onto the tracks at his local station of sudbury hill . but a coroner recorded an open verdict on the cause of death , saying there was ` doubt ' as to his intention when he jumped as a train passed through the station last october .
the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week . despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of mbfwa , perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row , after focusing on his international efforts of late .
journalist sarah wilson , 41 , said anxiety drove her to believe she had reached a stage in her life where she ` could n't see the point of continuing ' . during a candid interview ms wilson revealed it was a combination of issues , including mounting stress , anxiety , her thyroid disease and distant family . she said while she struggled through her younger years she has recently ` found some peace with it ' .
jean wabafiyebazu , 17 , and his 15-year-old brother marc , 15 , drove around canada raiding homes and buying drugs . the boys had recently moved to live with their mother in a gated community at the heart of the affluent coral way district .
the attraction , which features a ball pit , slide and climbing area , can be accessed via the doll 's right foot . cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex . the doll , which has green hair and pink lips , lies on her back at a shopping complex in china 's nanjing city .
a south florida man who weighs 385 pounds and stands 6-foot-8 is facing an animal cruelty charge after authorities say he bit his mom 's lapdog on the face , seriously hurting its eye . palm beach county deputies responded to a lake worth animal hospital around 4:30 am friday morning and found a shih tzu named cujo with his eye hanging out of the socket . the dog 's owner michele etzel told deputies that her son , 36-year
the republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host hugh hewitt in separate interviews on tuesday that they 'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in colorado and washington . ` marijuana is a gateway drug , ' christie said , citing an ` enormous addiction problem in this country ' .
the 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives . however , when it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting judge refrained from making roberts answer , saying , ` obviously we know what you do for a living , sir ' .
kenneth stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina after being extradited from florida . he is accused of shooting 44-year-old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south . at the hearing on thursday , he initially denied a court-appointed attorney , saying he knew he 'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss
the national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted , in its revised publication on marijuana , that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients . in the uk , thc is the active ingredient in the prescribed drug sativex . it is currently only licensed to treat and relive the pain of muscle spasms in ms patients .
rusie carey , from salem , oregon , learnt the popular song at preschool . she decided to perform it for her mom , jessica . she starts by confidently singing : ` four little ducks went out to play , over the hills and far away ' . as the rhyme continues , and the number of ducks returning to their mother decreases - her eyes begin to fill with tears .
ashley pegram , 28 , left her summerville , south carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service kik on the evening of april 3 . her sister , brandy chance , reported her missing the next day and went through her kik account , where she found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year-old emoney bon . he has now been charged with obstructing justice .
christine lillico , 47 , from heddon-the-wall , northumberland , was trusted with looking after her elderly parents ' bank accounts . instead of using the money to care for john and audrey air she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle . she spent some of the # 78,000 on shopping sprees in b&q , newcastle .
the photos were posted on former flight attendant shawn kathleen 's instagram account passenger shaming . she started the group on facebook to highlight the less than desirable habits some have adopted while flying . one of the cutest passengers to hit the air was a bulldog that was seen in a security vest .
kevin carr , 34 , from woolacombe , devon , ran more than a marathon a day . he began epic voyage at haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days , one quicker than the previous record . mr carr was also the first man to complete the gruelling endurance run .
the 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car . days later , she noticed her eye sight was blurred - she could barely see with her right eye . she was referred to opthalmologist mohit gupta , who works at pilgrim hospital in boston , england .
haley fox , 24 , of turner , oregon , allegedly fractured samuel campbell 's skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday . fox and campbell , of adger , alabama , had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online . earlier this month , he moved to oregon to live with ms fox .
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane on saturday . the couple are in many of the shop windows and several business owners have already sent gifts to either andy , 27 , or his bride-to-be ahead of the big day .
the photography competition was designed to illustrate the northern territory 's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes . locals describe the amateur competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer . the winning of the ` industry at work or play ' category goes to jacynta coffey for her stunning shot titled sunrise draft .
lawrence phillips , who was jailed in 2005 , is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in san diego . on monday , prison officials revealed he is suspected of killing damion soward , 37 , from san bernardino county serving 82 years to life for a first-degree murder conviction .
andrew ` drew ' butler , 25 , allegedly shot mother-of-three kendra gonzalez from the passenger seat in san jose , california , in front of the couple 's two-year-old son and her teenage daughter . after the vehicle stopped , butler got out and dragged her body from the driver 's seat and left it on the road .
ashton wood raised $ 18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car after jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car . during a failed settlement between the manufacturer , fiat chrysler automobiles ' jeep , and mr wood , one of the requests made by the car company was for the disgruntled buyer to publish an ` apology ' in a national publication .
joelison fernandes da silva , 28 , developed gigantism as a child and his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying . but true happiness eventually found the shy brazilian - who has come to be known as ` the gentle giant ' - in the form of evem medeiros , a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online .
hilary wilson , from whitchurch , shropshire , was technically dead for a terrifying 11 minutes after suffering a severe cardiac arrest as her son , felix , was being born . the 41-year-old woke up four days later with no memory of ever being pregnant or having her baby . she only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of felix wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born .
mohammad qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30 pm on saturday . the assistant secretary general of the jamaat-e-islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the pakistani army in the 1971 independence war . his execution took place after he refused to seek presidential clemency .
amy murray , 23 , rowed with fellow cinema-goers during screening . argument broke out and murray hit jessica deadman while drunkenly gesturing with her hand . police were called to the century cinema in clacton-on-sea , essex , on february 18 .
ana granucci davis , 28 , wife of st petersburg chef aaron , 31 , gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence on tuesday . ` andrew and i are doing very well and we are both ready to take on this new adventure together with audrey , my daughter , ' mrs davis told the tampa bay times following her son 's birth .
sam griner from jacksonville , florida , set up a gofundme page to raise the $ 75,000 her husband , justin , needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications . ` please help us reach our goal so that justin may get the pre-treatments and transplant he desperately needs , ' she wrote on the fundraising page .
reality star ` mama ' june shannon and her estranged husband mike ` sugar bear ' thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago . billy has n't been seen and he is n't returning any phone calls or texts . the family 's popular reality show , here comes honey boo boo , was cancelled by tlc after photos emerged of shannon spending time with convicted child molester mark mcdaniel .
marianne power attended robbins ' unleash the power within seminarwhich claims to ` discover how to identify what it is you really want ' the mood is tribal . the crowd keeps pushing me forward , then , chanting stops and a hush fills the air . it 's been raining and the ground is damp , but we are all in our bare feet , which are going numb on the cold , hard concrete .
a fiery stoush erupted between the chief executive of rupert murdoch 's media empire in australia and a senator who questioned why the company runs a national newspaper . he was peppered with questions from greens senator and party leader christine milne about why the australian newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable . mr clarke defended the newspaper as the ` finest national newspaper operating inralia ' .
tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's instagram feed . users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library . firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their instagram user name in their profile . it also stressed that the app would not let other visitors know it was part of a dating profile .
austin carey , 23 , and jay rawe , 25 , plummeted onto a riverbank . their parachutes tangled at the perrine bridge , idaho , and were left badly injured . but a year later , after intensive recovery , both men have returned to the sport they love .
isis has publicly beheaded six men accused of exploding a car bomb ` which killed innocent people ' in the syrian city of al-mayadin . the terrorist group 's latest barbaric video shows a large crowd gathering to watch the bloody execution of the men it claims are soldiers fighting for syrian president bashar al-assad . they are all marched to a small wooden stump and instructed to kneel , before an islamic state militant carries out brutal retaliation by taking their heads off with a
ukip-commissioned poll leaked to mail on sunday shows farage has fallen behind tory opponent in the kent seat he is contesting . if the poll is accurate , it could end farage 's political career as he has vowed to resign as ukip leader if he fails to win south thanet .
former air hostess won # 14.5 m london mansion from her ` immensely wealthy ' 90-year-old saudi arabian ex-husband following a legal battle . the couple 's main marital home had been a # 26m ` palatial residence ' in jeddah for which 40 members of staff were employed to keep it ticking over . but after their divorce , the woman moved into the townhouse claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes .
an israeli geologist claims he has ` confirmed ' existence and authenticity of a tomb belonging to jesus and his son in jerusalem . after extensive chemical tests , dr arye shimron says he has linked the james ossuary to the long disputed ` jesu family tomb ' in the city 's east talpiot neighbourhood . the research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that jesar was married , fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did
the retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in consumer reports ' annual survey . this year it was rated number 67 , the second worst supermarket . walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce . but it was noted for its better-than-average prices .
the maticevski show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia went above and beyond to impress guests . a few of the highly-prized gifts went missing when someone with sticky fingers - perhaps a disgruntled second row guest - decided to snap them up for themselves . nadia bartel also got her hands on a coveted tablet thanks to her front row position .
sarah foot says her affair with open water began on hampstead heath . she has taken her to swimming in the north sea off the coast of suffolk . the poet says she 's ` swept up and i 'm swimming ' after a local swimming pool closed down . she says the experience a ` buoyancy of spirits i never feel on any other occasion ' .
the model contains more than 30,000 figures , and illustrates all the key moments of the battle which allowed the duke of wellington to defeat napoleon 's forces . it was built in the 1970s but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the battle 's bicentenary .
the oral contraceptive shrinks two key regions of the brain , changing the way they function . the findings suggest the synthetic hormones found in the pill cause these alterations in brain structure and function . meanwhile the ingredient is thought to suppress the natural hormones that occur when women take the pill . neuroscientists at ucla examined the brains of 90 women , 44 of whom took the pill , and 46 who experienced natural cycles .
martynas kupstys , 26 , spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road . staff told him he was free to go in august 2014 . killer was on trial at the time for the murder of ivans zdanovics . he also waved a saucepan threateningly . both men were this week jailed for life following the murder .
hassan munshi is believed to be a relative of hammaad munshi . the boys are believed to have traveled to syria to join isis in march . hassan was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 . he was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-muslims .
for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28 . cnn reports that bottles of the flavor have been on sale in grocery stores since last month . the drink is inspired by the ` nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores ' .
former right-hand man of saddam hussein was handed over to the authorities today . his body was returned to baghdad and delivered to the ministry of health . crowds gathered to get a closer look at the ` king of clubs ' . al-douri , 72 , was reportedly killed near tikrit , where he was working alongside isis militants .
for silvia , star of the series my extraordinary pregnancy , suffered from pica , an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances . in the discovery tv show she is seen picking up tiny rocks from out side of her house , saying ' i feel ashamed but i have to do it ' .
alabama-born mom-of-two elisha wilson beach is pictured breastfeeding her toddler while on the toilet with her trousers around her ankles . the image has now been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on facebook more than 211k times . the picture has divided those who 've seen it with many criticizing the mother for her unapologetic approach to multi-tasking .
margaret tyler , 71 , has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years . but squeezing it all into her small terraced home has n't been easy and her gargantuan collection now fills four whole rooms , including one dedicated to princess diana alone .
national broadcaster nhk said waves were possible on several islands in the southern okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on yonaguni in the southwest . witnesses said buildings swayed in taipei but there was no visible damage in the taiwan capital . the pacific tsunami warning centre said : ` based on all the available data ... there is no tsunami threat from this earthquake ' .
stephanie scott 's heartbroken family have shared a sweet photo of her as a little girl , giggling with her sisters in a bubble bath . the 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace , leeton high school on april 5 . school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder .
major general alastair duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit after having been given the drug prior to a deployment in sierra leone . the drug has been heavily discredited by the u.s. food and drug administration warns lariam can cause serious mental health issues and should not be taken by anyone .
fight broke out on a rubber dinghy carrying more than 100 african migrants from libya to sicily , italian police said . the men were thrown to their deaths after the men ` professing the christian faith ' were thrown into their deaths . witnesses say a fight broke out over religion , with the group of muslim passengers threatening the nigerians and ghanaians .
christy mack , 23 , was in hospital fighting for her life after her boyfriend allegedly beat her . the former porn star claims koppenhaver , 33 , became abusive four months into their one-year relationship . she has to wear a wig and glasses , and is still undergoing reparative dental work .
scottish national party has extended lead over labour , polling shows . jim murphy , scottish leader , and douglas alexander are among those on course to lose their seats . nationalists are also on course . to wipe out liberal democrats in scotland , with even charles kennedy .
the admiral kuznetsov , russia 's largest warship , came up with the novel idea to help keep the deck clear of debris . debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet engines . even a single stray nut or bolt , if sucked into one of the fighter plane 's engines , could spell disaster for the pilot .
the pony-tailed young woman sitting on a hay bale at a petting zoo with her little boy perched on her knee wore barely a trace of make-up . the only giveaway that she was someone special was the diamond and sapphire ring sparkling on her left hand . while some other mothers nudged one another in disbelief as kate and prince george cooed over the new-born animals , staff at snettisham farm park , norfolk , are so familiar with the
swan come dine with me ice cream & gelato maker , # 49.99 , argos.co.uk . removable bowl has to be frozen for eight hours before you put it back in the machine , then add the mixing arm , pop on the lid , and turn it on .
the two continents are linked at panama but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared , with most experts placing its formation at about 3 million years ago . before the isthmus of panama rose from the sea by tectonic and volcanic action , the central american seaway linked the atlantic to the pacific as one great ocean .
ted cruz said if he ascended to the highest elected office he would n't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug . the position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his gop competitors , who last week said that while they believe in states ' rights to self-determination , they 'd lay the hammer down on colorado and washington for flouting federal law .
deborah , 43 , described her naturally curly hair as a ` frizz nightmare ' . home colouring has left it dry and out of condition . she is not alone . taming frizzy hair can be a constant battle . ` if i am doing it , however , it 's so hard to control and so quick to go frizzy ' .
the antibody was designed by researchers to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells . as a result patients injected with the neutralising antibody during the trials saw a 300-fold reduction in their viral load . in a person infected with hiv , there is an ongoing battle between the virus and the body 's immune system . as the body produces new antibodies that target the virus , the infection mutates to escape , managing to stay a few steps ahead .
debbie crosbie 's rogue staff misled the financial ombudsman . they deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold ppi or they lied about not being able to trace documents . politicians called for a police investigation into the wrong-doing , which took place between may 2011 and july 2013 .
brian and joan ogden , from wigan , had been out to eat and were on their way back into the hotel don pancho when the organised pair collaborated to take a wallet . cctv footage from the hotel shows the thief in a purple top reaching into the pocket while her accomplice attempts to block the view of mr og den , 78 .
the shere volume of snow that fell earlier this year , nearly 65 inches fell in february alone , means that huge piles of the white stuff still remain . except the remaining ` snow ' is n't very white any more but rather a disgusting black color riddled with trash including broken pieces of glass , plastic shards and goodness knows what else .
detective from the department said officers used a device called hailstorm , which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away . details , revealed in court , resemble the original plot of hbo 's hit series the wire , the crime drama based in the same city , which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers .
roman abramovich has bought tel aviv 's varsano hotel for # 17.1 m . the chelsea owner frequently visits the property on business . it consists of a main building with a large lobby , dining room and two studio suites , and six more bedrooms in three separate villas surrounded by gardens .
deputy prime minister said there was a ` very real danger ' that ukip and northern ireland 's dup could hold mr cameron to ` ransom ' in the event of a second hung parliament . mr clegg 's remarks come after farage held out an olive branch to the prime minister last night .
judge judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home , she does n't keep any of the in the bedroom . the couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year . but her salty husband and fellow judge jerry chimed in to dispute her claim .
bill de blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where hillary clinton plans to go before giving up an endorsement for her presidential campaign . as campaign manager for clinton 's successful 2000 senate run , he said on sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message .
the kite , dubbed ` centipede with a dragon 's head ' , was set to fly at the wulong international kite festival last saturday in chongqing in south-western china . but chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon-themed kite - which is made from 2,000 separate pieces - could not be flown .
the 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released psa for the center of reproductive rights , an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom . in 2007 she became pregnant with her boyfriend at the time . ` my life just was n't conducive to raising a happy , healthy child . i just did n't think it was fair . so i decided to get an abortion , and i went to planned parenthood . ' .
jondrew megil lachaux , 39 , an ex-convict and kellie cherie phillips , 38 , have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a north las vegas home . the unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services .
fbi director james comey has caused huge offense to a key u.s. ally by using language that suggested poland was an accomplice in the holocaust . polish foreign minister grzegorz schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled .
izaak gillen of oregon city was taken to randall children 's hospital on april 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day . detectives began investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and concluded he was at the babysitter 's house when he sustained a skull fracture , according to oregonlive .
phd students from stanford and cornell university studied 40 million posts by 1.7 million users on news site cnn.com , political news site breitbart.com and gaming site ign.com . the researchers divided users into those most likely to be banned , called future-banned users .
dr sahar hussain , 53 , panicked when she was unable to get through the gates . she started ranting at staff at leicester square station and started screaming . she said she was worried about being stranded on her own in central london . but she has now been found guilty and ordered to pay a total of # 2,250 in fines , compensation and court costs .
 pleasaunce cottage in dormans park in east grinstead has been lovingly upheld to how its first owners intended it in the 19th century . wood paneling on indoor ceilings and a large veranda at its front , the unique property is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country .
dutch and malaysian investigators have recovered more body parts from the site where mh17 was shot out of the sky nine months ago . also found personal possessions including jewellery after the plane was downed by a suspected russian-made buk missile . in all , 16 containers of fragments of the malaysia airlines plane were filled so far this week .
emma dickson , of edinburgh , thought she would be planning her wedding to dougie , 26 , but ended up talking to him about her funeral . the 31-year-old had two blood clots in her lungs , which led to a condition which caused her left lung to collapse - just a month before she was due to get married .
cctv footage of the violent altercation between irishman barry lyttle and his younger brother , patrick , during a sentence hearing on wednesday . prosecutor alex poulos called for barry , from belfast in ireland 's north , to face a full-time jail term as it was the ` only appropriate sentence ' after the violent incident in sydney in january . after being pushed by patrick lyttle , his brother retaliates with a single punch - which
geologist dr danny hilman believes that a site in west java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago . it 's nestled among volcanoes , banana palms and tea plantations , at 2,903 ft -lrb- 885 metres -rrb- above sea level . chunks of volcanic rubble jut out up from the stepped hillside , which is considered sacred by the sundanese people who live locally .
immerse virtual reality headset is available from firebox for # 29.99 -lrb- $ 45 -rrb- . it works with any android and ios phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores , and will play any 3d movie . the maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches , which means it will work with the iphone 6 plus , for example . however , in theory any device with a screen that fits these
the homeless period project is encouraging people to donate tampons and towels to their local homeless shelter . a campaign video tells the story of a woman called patricia , who slept rough on the streets of brixton for six months and was forced to use makeshift sanitary products . the team behind the campaign , oliver frost , josie shedden and sara bakhaty , wrote hard-hitting messages on cardboard boxes .
the 9th us circuit court of appeals confirmed that the washington supreme court did not act unreasonably when it rejected clark elmore 's claim his constitutional rights were violated at trial . elmore was convicted of killing kristy ohnstad in bellingham after he said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child . after she went missing , elmore pretended he was grieving and helped organize a search party to find her .
obama responded to walker 's claims that he 'd ` absolutely ' cancel or ` disown ' a deal with iran on ` day one ' if elected to higher office . ` and , you know , perhaps mr. walker , after he 's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy , will feel the same way , ' obama said . walker fired back at obama on twitter , saying , ` americans would be better served by a president who spent
the bartender and photographer who served drinks to pimps , prostitutes and destitute new yorkers floating around the port authority bus terminal . photos taken from behind the bar at terminal bar , a 41st street and 8th avenue watering hole open until 1982 , show a side of times square that has disappeared in the glare of coca cola advertisements .
 clinicians are in an ` impossible situation ' as a result of the king family 's flight to spain after disagreeing with doctors who were treating him in the uk . doctors and nurses who treated ashya king have criticised his parents while speaking out for the first time in a bbc documentary .
 divers margo sanchez and stephanie adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade . the recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean . the intrepid divers from san diego , california , have made it their life mission to travel the world .
the uk was in 45th place , while the us was in 49th . more than half -lrb- 58 % -rrb- of countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day . it uses the phone 's accelerometer to identify phases by tracking movements in bed and wakes users up during their lightest sleep phase .
the iconic van is about to get greener because the bus is being reborn as an electric vehicle , a volkswagen board member revealed . no images of the new vehicle have yet been released , but dr heinz-jakob neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle 's floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels . vw has rolled out two concept ` microbuses ' in recent years , neither have the charm or iconic good looks of
andrew danziger , who flew president obama 's campaign plane , has revealed that he has seen a ufo flying through the sky . the aviator , who has 28 years of cockpit experience , said the alien aircraft glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing below the clouds .
charlotte bevan had come off risperidone - a powerful drug used to treat illnesses including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder - before her daughter zaani was born late last year . four days after the birth , the 30-year-old walked out of bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms . the next day , police found her body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge near clifton suspension bridge .
american expat brad reynolds has become travel website 's top contributor . 38-year-old critiques every hotel , restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday . he gave five-star review of ` amazing ' pushkar , india after attending camel fair . originally from edmond , oklahoma , brad and his wife , jill , are avid travellers .
the 25-year-old athlete was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player odin lloyd . a jury panel in fall river , massachusetts , spent 36 hours deliberating hernandez 's fate before returning a guilty verdict . on july 16 , 2012 , the two immigrants from cape verde were found murdered in their car at a stop light in south boston following a
stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the runter ` bullying ' the sydney commuter on an airport line train on wednesday afternoon . she switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to muslim couple 's defence with a fiery spray notably absent any swearing . police are now urging witnesses of the incident to come forward .
the groom 's brother was caught on camera firing celebratory shots . he lost control of the rifle and fires at the wall by mistake , sending bullets spraying across the street . the 30-second clip , believed to have been filmed with a mobile phone , has been viewed nearly 140,000 times .
ayatollah hossein dehnavi made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women in his home country . he also warned that if women did not wear the hijab - the veil covering the hair and chest - properly , they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual . homosexuality is punishable by death in the state .
linda macdonald , 55 , was arrested on monday for drunk driving and decided to stick out her tongue when she was brought to vermont state police barracks for booking . police say she crashed while talking on the phone and trying to take directions down on a legal note pad in her car . macdonald was released on a citation and is scheduled back in court on april 28 for an arraignment .
kim kardashian 's last-minute baskets for toddler north west to myleene klass ' bunny-themed egg hunt . the stars took to instagram to show how they celebrated easter . kim appeared to be filling four baskets with plenty of treats including chocolate bunnies , peeps marshmallows and jelly belly jellybeans .
health minister jillian skinner slammed celebrity chef pete evans for promoting fluoride-free water . health minister said he is putting people 's health at risk with extreme views on diet and lifestyle . it comes after medical professionals described evans ' standpoint as misinformed and a potentially dangerous lifestyle choice .
sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' . he did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24 . multiple photos of mr besim on his social media pages show him posing with one raised index finger , a symbol that other isis supporters have also frequently used .
over 700 guests , including superstars cara delevingne , suki waterhouse , mila kunis , elton john , rosie huntington-whiteley , anna wintour and the entire beckham brood , turned out to support their pal christopher at the london in los angeles .
madeline luciano is said to have looked on as eighth grade pupils at ps 18 . wrote words like ` ugly ' , ` annoying ' and ` phony ' on the board to describe their classmate . it only stopped when the girl started crying . she has now launched court action against the city 's education department .
 chimpanzees are having to adapt to busy roads cutting across their territory . they found at a busy asphalted road through the sebitoli area of kibale national park in uganda . the chimps have learned to look both ways before crossing . it is the first time chimpanzees have been seen to change their behaviour .
documents reportedly signed and will be filed on monday . sources tell the site the divorce was amicable . they have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody . sources say there were no big problems with money or custody of their two children 10-year-old apple and moses aged nine .
mariel hemingway was 16 when she starred as woody allen 's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy ` manhattan ' . despite her grandfather 's success , there was a dark side to her last name , which the now 53-year-old has recounted in two new novels , released tuesday .
rosdeep adekoya beat her three-year-old son to death before stuffing his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods in kircaldy , fife , in january last year . his death came just six months after he was returned to his care following more than a year with foster carers . review concluded it ` could not have been predicted ' by social and health service workers who visited his family in the months leading up to his death .
us department of the treasury officials insist the $ 20 double eagles were stolen from the us mint in philadelphia before the 1933 series was melted down when the country went off the gold standard . they argued that joan langbord and her sons can not lawfully own the coins , which she said found in a family bank deposit box in 2003 .
tugce taskin , 26 , was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway in the north-western turkish city of istanbul . witnesses said it was a ` miracle ' that friend adem kilic , 31 , survived the horror crash . the lamborghini ploughed across the highway into oncoming traffic before smashing , head-on , into a car coming the other way .
laura wells has revealed her skinnier counterparts have only ` one cracker and a couple glasses of water ' per day to keep thin in the lead up to fashion week . having lived and worked with other less curvy models in new york city , wells has seen the shocking sacrifices they make to keep skinny .
shadow chancellor said he would not allow nicola sturgeon 's party to dictate a deal at england 's expense . miliband has insisted labour will not form a coalition with the snp but has so far stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a labour administration .
researchers examined data from two nationally representative surveys of primary and secondary schoolchildren from more than 150 schools across wales . in all , 1,601 children aged 10 to 11 and 9,055 children aged 11 to 16 were quizzed about their use of e-cigarettes at least once was more common than having smoked a conventional cigarette in all age groups .
steve miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population . some of his somewhat controversial demands include obesity wardens in the street , fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and steve moving in with public role models who are overweight . he says these interventions could save the country and the nhs millions .
the securities and exchange commission announced the deal wednesday , saying the thermal-imaging company earned more than $ 7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts . the company also arranged travel for saudi officials , including a 20-night trip with stops in beirut , casablanca , dubai , new york and paris .
police chief greg suhr has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers . he called the texts ` despicable ' and says those who sent them ` clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer ' . the texts were discovered by federal authorities investigating former sergeant ian furminger , who was convicted of corruption and sentenced to 41 months in prison .
the duchess of cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey , produced in late spring by the bees in her wiltshire garden . just 250 jars are being produced , at # 20 each , with all proceeds going to charity . sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at selfridges since last year .
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a dallas-area nightclub on wednesday morning . during a 2011 incident involving two guns when he playing for the tampa bay buccaneers , talib was accused of shooting a gun at his sister 's live-in boyfriend in garland , texas . during the latest incident , a shot was fired outside of club luxx in dallas , texas
oratory school in fulham , west london , cleared of discriminating . office of schools adjudicator criticised school for engaging in ` social selection ' . watchdog said decision was ` flawed ' and ` unreasonable ' . school has prioritised pupils based on whether they sing in choir , arrange flowers in church , serve at altar or assist in pastoral work .
kestutis martuzevicius , 52 , was admitted to broadmoor on health grounds . but by june his condition had improved and he was returned to belmarsh prison . judges at european court of human rights criticised his ` manifestly ill-founded ' case .
woman , 84 , is thought to have been helping her husband park when the car accelerated into her , resulting in a serious head injury . she also suffered injuries to her throat and legs , as well as various broken bones . emergency services were called to kirby drive , peacehaven , lewes , east sussex , just after 10am on easter sunday . before paramedic car and ambulance arrived she was comforted by a tesco employee who held her in her arms . she
prasanna ` nick ' arulchelvam ran and jumped through an open side door of their van . but was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away . the 34-year-old was jailed for 11 years after admitting all he wanted was ` a few cheap packets of cigarettes ' .
the grim discovery comes after a spate of dog poisonings in nearby brighton and hove . dog owners are now being warned by sussex police to be aware when they are out walking their animals . the cocktail sausages were so densely packed with the poison that eating just one could have killed a dog .
an arizona police chief has voiced his support for his officer after dashcam footage emerged of him mounting a sidewalk in his speeding police car and knocking down an armed suspect . video of the february 19 incident emerged on tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in marana , northwest of tucon .
darlene feliciano , 27 , was out on the makapuu ` tom-tom ' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway with a male friend when she slipped and fell . firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45 pm friday . about 40 minutes later , first responders discovered the unconscious woman unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka .
the randolph hotel went up in flames this afternoon with smoke billowing from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring the inferno under control . the extent of the damage to the grade ii listed victorian building remains unclear . aerial pictures of the scene showed gaps in the roof and exposed beams .
l'ardchoise site in ardche region in south central france at the end of august . about an hour-and-half 's drive from the beaches of the south and montpellier airport , it 's known as the gastronomic centre of france .
supermarket giant has been ordered to pay $ 2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread . in june , it 's ` made today , sold today ' slogan , was deemed misleading by the federal court . it was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough . the falsified fresh bread has generated an income of around $ 300 million over three years before former premier
carmwyn scott-howell , nine , fell to his death while on holiday with his mother ceri and brother gerwyn , 19 , in the alps . family paid tribute to their ` daring , outgoing , determined little boy ' and revealed he got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff .
photos show four men being interviewed by terrorists before they are dragged . savage punishment is a significantly more extreme than isis ' usual punishment for theft . it typically sees the accused having their right hand hacked-off by machete-wielding jihadis who pump the men full of drugs to numb the limb .
the 2015 australian fashion week report has named and shamed some of the worst aussie clothing brands and companies . among the best performers were etiko , audrey blue , cotton on , h&m and zara . none of the 59 companies could prove they were paying a full living wage to the workers in two of the three production stages of their clothing .
authorities said initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant 's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids . it took 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters to bring the blaze under control . the plant produces paraxylene , or px , a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics . exposure to the chemical can cause eye , nose and throat irritation .
the details of where and how the west-sussex born model and mistress of rossetti died remained a mystery for years until her biographer recently tracked her down through hospital records . they revealed the orange-haired beauty - whose face graced many of her lover 's paintings - died in the sussex county asylum in poverty and suffering from clear symptoms of dementia .
the disused rhondda tunnel , which runs 1,000 feet beneath the welsh hills , was closed as part of the beeching cutbacks . engineers are due to visit the 3,148 m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route . under the proposals , it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world , second only to the 4,000 m snoqualmie tunnel near seattle
amjad yaaqub , 16 , said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home . the schoolboy said the isis fighters were looking for his brother , who is a member of the palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years before isis carried out a bloody assault that has left more than 200 people dead in just seven days . his story was revealed as refugees in yarmouk spoke of the daily
video captured by william bird shows # 126million jets approaching raf lossiemouth in moray , scotland . first of the aircraft - which can reach 1,370 mph - blasted them with the thrust from its engines . as the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways .
scott keyes , a 28-year-old writer for think progress , is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights . along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in europe and south and north america while enjoying first class service . all this for free . he is on a two-month trip that will barely cost him a cent .
jamie silvonek was sent to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent after the body of 54-year-old cheryl silv onek was discovered last month . district attorney jim martin opposed the petition on behalf of the teenager , who is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy .
neil patrick harris and david burtka 's twins prefer more foodie-approved fare than the average four-year-old . in a recent interview , david , 39 , explained how being a personal chef and graduate of the famed le cordon bleu cooking school has helped him influence his children 's culinary tastes .
samantha simmonds , 42 , is married to phillip davies , two , four and six . she said break turned into string of tantrums and bickering . the couple have a daughter aged two and sons aged four and 6 . miss simmonds said : ` i turned round to see blood and saliva flying towards me ' .
the new data shows how the number of international migrants has increased by nearly 80 million over the last 25 years . in 1995 there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons . in comparison , that number had risen to 231 million globally by 2013 , according to the international migrant stock trends data .
cecil hamilton-miller , from kensington , london , was responsible for 31 concentration camp guards in 1945 , including several key belsen figures . he struggled to talk to about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of belsen . family and friends had no idea of his involvement .
jayson mcdonald was found hiding under a bed in amsterdam in the netherlands . paul monk was arrested as part of operation captura , a drive launched in 2006 by the national crime agency , crimestoppers and spanish authorities . monk , 54 , from romford in essex was overseeing workmen laying a marble patio around his swimming pool .
elijah mccrae 's parents , jessica and andrew , remembered the ` happiest baby ever ' after he died in his mother 's arms on monday evening . ` it is with a heavy heart , that our baby elijah has passed away . he passed peacefully in my arms ' .
joseph o'riordan , 73 , stabbed his 47-year-old wife amanda eight times . she was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso , chest , arms and back . she rang an ambulance after the attack in october last year and admitted what he had done during the 999 call . today , he sobbed as the letter was read out at brighton crown court .
david cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair . he has also had to wade into a number of arguments , defending outspoken ministers . on thursday mr cameron was forced to defend michael fallon after defence secretary claimed ed miliband would stab britain 's national interest in the back in the same way he did his brother to gain the labour leadership .
magn maids started in 1965 , meter maids were the brainchild of gold coast developer bernie elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters . business owners say the group is no longer performing a public service as advancements in parking meter technology mean expiry times are not always displayed .
v.k singh found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media . the former army chief is currently staying in djibouti for over a week spearheading operation rahat . the comment evoked sharp reactions , with the opposition demanding an apology from the union minister .
zoe hadley , 19 , had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 . she was found dead at a hotel in putney , south west london last year . her parents , solicitor lisa hommel and her gp father laurence , struggled to treat her condition . she insisted on having a series of operations , including removal of her healthy appendix and accused her father of conspiring to fake an operation to make her believe she 'd had a surgery for a prolapse
jacob phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade , a rocky area at the base of the cliff . the university graduate had been out drinking in cardiff before catching a taxi with friends padraig crowley and rory robinson .
bernadette forde was found dead in a wheelchair in the sitting room of her home in dublin on june 6 , 2011 , with a dictaphone which had recorded her ` suicide note ' . in the first trial of its kind in ireland , the carer of the 51-year-old , gail o'rorke , has been charged with helping her to kill herself .
the tesla model s p85d 's ` insane mode ' is currently developing a one megawatt electric race car to compete in the pikes peak international hill climb in june . the stomach-churning vehicle , dubbed eo pp03 , runs on 50 kwh lithium-ion battery pack driving six yasa-400 electric motors . it is capable of producing 1020 kw -lrb- 1368 horsepower -rrb- and speeds of up to 160 mph
boeing 's roomier ` space bins ' can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s . the redesigned bins can hold six standard-sized bags -- two more than the current set-up . the bins have been tested by a group of ` frequent fliers ' who were hand-picked by boeing .
leanne bourne , a mother-of-four from romford in essex , began to suspect that her partner steve was having an affair . but in a twist that she could never have foreseen , the other woman turned out to be her younger sister larissa knipe . she says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happens .
daisy goodwin has problems with head lice since she was 19 . she says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then . her eyes narrow , those flowing locks are the enemy -- a breeding ground for the bane of my life : pediculus humanus capitis . she has had nits at least 100 times .
the federal government will give shoshana hebshi $ 40,000 as compensation for being humiliated on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks . she made her undress during a search and held her for hours . frontier airlines , the transportation security administration and wayne county airport authority were named in the federal lawsuit .
peter reece , his fiancee , baby daughter and mother from kent were parked on an ocean shores beach on thursday around 7pm in their new nissan infiniti . the tires sunk into the wet sand and the family was unable to drive away . seconds after ocean shores police officer kyle watson saved the grandmother and baby , a wave hit the car , flipping it and pulling it out to sea .
kate winslet has revealed that her co-star leonardo dicaprio referred to her feet as ` my canoes ' . the average shoe size in the uk has risen from a dainty 4 1/2 in 1900 to a roomy six today . but fascinatingly , just like kate , lots of stars from elle macpherson to gwyneth paltrow all have surprisingly huge feet .
isis propaganda team released dull publicity photos from life inside iraq and syria . senior commanders appear keen to eradicate any hint of problems within the group 's territory . the media crackdown appears to be an attempt by isis senior commanders to eradicate knowledge of the extremist group . some areis supporters on social media appear to be exasperated by the apparent leaking of information and discussions of the defeat at tikrit .
stars like kate hudson , pharrell williams and gwen stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth . many have resorted to plastic surgery , these a-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife . femail rounds up the celebrities whose faces have n't changed for at least 10 years .
female crews representing oxford and cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the river thames in london . oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men 's boat race . president constantine louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the dark blues .
tibor racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies . the 14-year-old boy was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm , affray and a count of stealing after he allegedly took a wallet and phone off the 42-year old victim . footage emerged of the moment a father and his daughter were bashed and robbed by a gang of 25 teenagers outside a shopping centre .
the modern-day martin burgess clock b is based on john harrison 's 18th century clock . it has been part of a 100-day trial at the royal observatory to see if the claim - that the clock would neither lose nor gain more than a second in 100 days . it quickly became apparent the trial would be a success and wax seals were placed on its case so its accuracy could be verified .
philip and victoria sherlock have been living out of their car for three months . after a stomach operation meant philip could no longer work as a # 400 a week gardener . their loss of income saw victoria take on more hours as a shop assistant . but the desperate couple then had their benefits cut .
the image is the image which the tories hope will scare floating voters into their arms -- the prospect of nicola sturgeon forcing ed miliband to implement her radical policies . the campaign comes as she uses an article in today 's scottish mail on sunday to claim that she can help ` lead the uk ' .
phillip and gaby had been called in to fix a leak in the beckle-raymond 's three bedroom property in north london . instead , they left phillip , his wife gaby and their two young children , orion and aurielle , in an unsafe building with no roof while they ran off with # 17,000 of their money .
aaron hernandez was a key part of the new england patriots offense , played in the super bowl and had signed a five-year contract extension that would pay him nearly $ 40million . he had a baby girl , a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $ 1.5 million mansion in the boston suburbs . but even before the murder of odin lloyd in june 2013 - a crime for which he will now spend the rest of his life in prison - hern
jack cordero , from portland , oregon , vomited all over the floor of a powell 's bookstore in march . manager said mess was ` gigantic ' and had to clean it up , along with her assistant manager . but her spirits were raised when she received a handwritten apology about the vomit from the boy responsible . the letter was marked ` attention barf cleaners ' , read : ` this ben and jerry 's card is for the people who cleaned up the throw-up
nyia parler , 41 , was taken into custody by authorities in montgomery county , maryland overnight saturday on charges she wheeled her quadriplegic son into woods in philadelphia . parler 's son , who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy , was found lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground , 10 feet from his wheelchair and the bible .
new yorker amanda chatel explained in her essay for your tango that adoption of the ` yes means yes ' law , which defines consent as ` affirmative , conscious , and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity ' from each partner , is just one step in combating society 's prevalent rape culture . ` as a victim of date rape , when it comes to consent i strongly feel there is no grey area , ' she wrote .
the 217 hectare island is located 4 km off the coast of the new zealand 's north island . it boasts two airstrips and six houses , all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views . the nz $ 7.5 million -lrb- aud $ 6.765 million -rrb- sale has divided the family who own the island .
stacey johnson , now 22 , was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour in 2007 . her sister , dannii , now 20 , helped her mother care for her throughout her teenage years , and became her full-time carer last year . in december 2014 , stacey was told her brain tumour had grown . she had been feeling ill and had suffered headaches , so had gone to her doctor who referred her for tests that confirmed there was a growth in her brain . she
clarence david moore , 66 , escaped from a north carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate , president richard nixon occupied the white house , us forces were still fighting in vietnam and a single ride on the new york city subway cost 30 cents . moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades , until monday afternoon when he called the franklin county sheriff 's office in kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive
new tns survey shows snp has almost doubled its lead over labour in a month . 52 % now backing ms sturgeon with only 24 % of scots planning to vote for miliband . the 28-point lead is nearly double last month 's figure , when the parties scored 46 % and 30 % respectively .
around 16 million tourists visit florence every year , visiting historical sights such as the duomo . vandals have destroyed historic monuments , an influx of fast-food outets now line the major thoroughfares and binge-drinking tourists have been seen urinating in the streets and sleeping rough .
christine davidson , from adelaide , south australia , was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001 and told she only had between nine months to three years to live . after enduring an incredible 14 years of chemotherapy and radiation , the mother of two lost her battle to cancer last thursday morning at the age of 61 . four days before she died , her husband ronny and their two daughters symantha , 40 , and kelly , 38 , noticed her ring was missing from her
president barack obama made multiple stops and became the american president to visit the island nation since president ronald reagan in 1982 . and it seems no one was more excited , or starstruck , than jamaican prime minister portia simpson miller . simpson . miller said she hoped obama understood how important his visit is to jamaica .
patrick morrison continued to assault the mentally-disabled girl , his niece , and even got her pregnant when detectives failed to properly investigate the case . her rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by sheriff joe arpaio 's office over a three-year period ending in 2007 .
trevor noah and his stunning south african girlfriend dani gabriel broke up after the pair discussed his future plans and exploding fame . the comedian quickly became smitten with the brunette and took her around the world to be by his side while on tour . but following behind-the-scenes talks earlier this year with comedy central , it was clear noah 's career was about to explode .
lily sharp , who lives in the uk , decided to prank her own mother . rather than put a whoopie cushion on her chair or balance flower on top of a door . lily then decided to amuse herself by faking her own kidnapping . as mean-spirited as the joke appeared , lily certainly took the steps in order to make the prank as convincing as possible .
jill scott was sent off for headbutt on arsenal defender jade bailey . the england international reacted angrily to a challenge by the gunners defender . the 28-year-old tweeted an apology saying : ` great effort from all the girls , i want to apologise for the incident which led to me being sent off , gutted to let everyone @mcwfc down today ' .
videoed descending the crisp ski runs of minschuns in val mstair , switzerland . adrian schaffner is initially featured ascending the mountain on a button lift . perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog sintha . after a long ski to the bottom , the dog jumps from his shoulders and onto the ground .
inked-up canadian man vin los gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world . despite facing heavy criticism about his unique ink , vin insisted that the sharpie-like tattoos on his face , neck , chest , and arms 'em body pop culture ' , create ' a myth , a mystery ' .
sarah watson , 34 , had a brief liaison with the manchester united defender . but fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort # 100,000 from the footballer . high court has since overturned a gagging order against ms watson who claims rojo and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her .
former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan and girlfriend naomi bass were out for a walk one evening when bass mentioned how the beautiful setting among the cherry blossom trees would be perfect for a proposal . the couple met in perth in 2011 , and the happy couple are now back in kyoto , japan two weeks ago .
the 73-year-old rose to fame as part of simon & garfunkel . his album outsold those by the likes of ed sheeran , james bay and sam smith . it is the first time he has reached the top of the album chart since the rhythm of the saints in 1990 .
easter is over for the wild rabbits of greater sydney as councils and parks prepare another attempt to kill them off with strategically placed carrots that have been laced with a deadly virus . feral rabbits , which are deemed a pest in nsw , are liekly to br targeted with the calicivirus , also known as rabbit haemorrhagic disease -lrb- rhd -rrb- , in may . it comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with calic
tv presenter and motorcycle racer guy martin is facing a police probe . the 33-year-old wrote a review of the vanquish carbon edition supercar after test driving it on the isle of man 's tt course . he wrote of how he pressed the accelerator ` flat to the floor ' before seeing the speedometer reach 180mph as he entered the village of sulby .
hector valles , 25 , was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel . police in mesquite , texas arrived to find a crashed car burning . moments later , while nielson and soto were still dragging him across the pavement , the fire in his suv erupted ever further .
the extravagant device is made with 24 karat gold , rose gold or platinum . one version of the extravagant watch is adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap . uk buyers who are prepared to wait to get their hands on the eagerly anticipated wearable may want to snap up an apple watch on holiday .
bryan stow was left severely brain damaged after two men attacked him on his way to the car park following a game . the father-of-two had been a paramedic , was left in a medically induced coma for several months while medics waited for the swelling in his brain to subside .
johanna powell , 37 , is feared to have drowned while on a dream holiday . she was sailing on a traditional wooden cruise boat along the mekong river . rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of river to try and find her . the foreign and commonwealth office confirmed a body has been found .
 poets house is a swish new hotel in ely , a three-minute walk from the cathedral , offering terrific value . there are 21 rooms , all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds . phil neville , the former england footballer whose home once appeared in hello ! and which forever more is held as the gold standard for unadulterated bling .
judy murray , 55 , has had a makeover since her appearance on strictly come dancing last year . but she could be outshone by leonore sears , 53 , who has long been admired on the tennis circuit by gentlemen of a certain vintage . it is still unlikely either of them will manage to outshine kim .
cadbury has snatched two chocolate fingers from its famous packs . the move is the latest evidence of how the nation 's favourite brands are cutting back on pack sizes without a corresponding cut in prices . the ploy means shoppers are being subject to stealth price rises in what economists have dubbed ` shrinkflation ' .
labour leader pledged to crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers . he said he was right about some migrants being exploited but insisted it was not the main issue . but nigel farage and tory immigration minister james brokenshire dismissed mr miliband 's ideas and said he is doing nothing to control immigration .
westfield miranda will open second store in nsw on thursday 16th april . the flagship sydney store had thousands camp out in the lead up to its opening in 2012 . the uk brand also promises to deliver over 180 new styles straight from london each week , giving australian 's opportunity to keep up to date with catwalk trends from overseas .
five-year-old jerry tarkanian suffered a stroke at about 4am on friday . his parents said young jerry complained of pain in his legs and was taken to university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas at 4am . danny and amy tarkan said he 's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement .
heather mack , 19 , from chicago , could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother , 62-year-old socialite sheila von wiese-mack , whose body was then stuffed inside a suitcase . mack has been keeping her baby with her in a crowded cell in bali 's kerobokan prison . indonesia 's justice and human rights minister has offered mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for
a 16-year-old who was born a girl has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty after years of living in misery . the transgender boy , who has felt as though he is living in the wrong body since he was a child , has been given permission by a brisbane-based judge to receive testosterone injections . during a family court hearing , judge michael kent was told the teen had considered suicide and gone to extreme lengths such as binding his chest by wearing tight bras and
tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland 's speed-camera laws . he says he was n't driving when his volvo was photographed doing 57km/h . but he wo n't say who was behind the wheel . he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 .
orrden williams jr. says he was outside a bp gas station in memphis , tennessee , when a crowd of loud and unruly teenagers suddenly descended upon the establishment . the 19-year-old joe brittman , a student at northwest prep academy who has now been charged with aggravated riot , simple assault and vandalism .
wiley bridgeman , 60 , and kwame ajamu , 57 , were sent to death row after aggravated murder convictions in the slaying of cleveland money order salesman harry franks . last year , the three men were exonerated after the case against them fell apart when the prosecution 's key witness edward vernon recanted his testimony as an adult .
gizzi erskine 's fussy feline loves poppadoms , tortilla chips and taramasalata . in an interview with puss puss magazine , the stylish cook , 35 , posed at a feast fit for only the classiest cat , that included bowls brimming with caviar and salmon roe .
jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet when it collapsed . he was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered on the floor . the injured man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he telephoned his travelling companions for help . authorities and emergency personnel arrived to check the man into a hefei hospital .
kazi islam , 18 , sent texts to harry thomas , 19 , praising lee rigby 's killers . but failing to understand his ingenious ruse , thomas replied : ` cake ? u mean the b o m b ' . the old bailey was told islam used ` cake ' as code for bomb in his messages . the messages were taken from islam 's phone show that mr thomas confided in islam about a break-up with his girlfriend
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park , central victoria at 9.30 am on good friday . it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . a widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the air wing , dog squad , local police and ses members .
jarret stoll , 32 , was booked for drug possession and released on $ 5,000 bond friday . the nhl player passed through security on his way to the wet republic pool at the las vegas hotel when a security guard found a ` pink baggie ' filled with 3.3 grams of cocaine and ` gel-caps ' containing 8.1 grams of molly .
mourners at the memorial service for celebrity cosmetic surgeon dr frederic brandt said a tv show that parodied his appearance was partly to blame for his death . many believed that he was ` hurt ' by the show and it was a factor in the 65 year old 's decision to take his own life .
toby perkins , deputy chairman of labour election campaign , said interns are paid just # 4 per day for 12-hour shifts . email reveals interns could expect to be reimbursed for travel , food and accommodation . labour 's 2015 manifesto has sought to champion working-class britons by increasing minimum wage to # 8 per hour .
dave rickard , 72 , and his wife brenda , 67 , were on holiday when daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea . very quickly the strong currents began to pull her under . daisy was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman on a boat who hooked a pole through her collar .
researchers have developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office . from this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish , such as haddock and plaice , could fall as the north sea warms . this could increase the price of fish and chips . in the past 40 years , reports suggest north sea has warmed four times faster than the global average . and with further warming predicted over the coming century , fisheries and scientists are studying
peter morris was devastated when his sister , claire , died in a car crash . only a year before , he had walked her down the aisle to give her away . malcolm webster , then 33 , seemed equally bereft at the loss of his wife . peter , from gillingham , kent , believed claire had died in tragic accident . it took two decades for the truth to be revealed - claire was murdered by webster so he could cash in on her
the woman was watching the pittsburgh pirates take on the chicago cubs at pnc park on monday night when she was hit in the head . she was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind and careered into her head . after a 22-minute delay in the game , the woman was taken to hospital on a stretcher .
the case was dismissed with a court order stating that it did not have jurisdiction to force the kids , son hermes , 8 , and daughter helena , 5 , to come back to the united states . rutherford , 46 , claims her children were illegally deported to france when a california court awarded custody to her ex-husband daniel giersch , 40 , and she pleaded for the order to be reversed .
natalie swindells , 26 , will have two bowls of rice krispies with milk for breakfast , followed by a slice of bread and butter for lunch . she eats less than half of the recommended 2,000 calories for women . she lives in macclesfield with her boyfriend daniel walsh .
peter kelly , 34 , was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river at 9.45 pm on tuesday as he fished with a friend . the two men were on the minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the wisconsin side . for the next three hours , kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers .
a road rage incident caught on camera shows a man brutally beating an elderly truck driver . the aggressor is seen on video as he throws and punches the old man along the side of route 95 near baltimore , maryland . the truck driver tried to ward off his attacker , even swinging what appears to be a tire iron at one point , but still the beating continued .
isis prides itself on its well-oiled propaganda offensive , pumping out images , videos and even a weekly english-language magazine designed to recruit and radicalise would-be jihadists . the pictures were posted on twitter by a member of the anti-isis campaign group raqqa is being slaughtered silently who risk their lives every day .
the leaders of places with names like molossia , westarctica , vikesland and broslavia are coming together at the anaheim central library for microcon 2015 . these self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps , wave their own flags and mint their own money . many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty .
logan kehoe , 13 , was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when he died in what spanish police have described as an ` accidental drowning ' . emergency services dashed to the pool but despite paramedics performing cpr on logan , they were unable to save him .
farage was out in thanet south today after polls showed he had fallen behind the tories in his campaign to be elected to parliament . the ukip leader has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote . mr cameron was overheard telling his wife samantha they should have another baby .
torrey ward , meat processing business owner scott bittner and bar owner terry stralow confirmed as among the dead . the cessna 414 crashed near bloomington , illinois , shortly after midnight on tuesday . the party had been at the ncaa championship game between duke and wisconsin in indianapolis .
liftoff of the 208ft -lrb- 63 metre -rrb- tall falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33 pm edt/2033gmt from cape canaveral air force station in florida . but poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 21/2 - minute mark . spacex is hoping to show that affordable , reusuable rockets are possible for future commercial missions .
shona banda , 37 , was forwarded on monday to the finney county district attorney 's office for a decision about charges , garden city police capt. randy ralston said . possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment . no arrests have been made .
st peter port in guernsey is one of the key locations for the heritage festival . during the german occupation of the channel islands -lrb- 30 june 1940 to 9 may 1945 -rrb- , they would have been wearing sour expressions as the tide of conflict turned back on berlin .
the code has only been spotted in east kilbride , lanarkshire , where ` x ' marks were daubed on several garden sheds . but the squiggles are actually thought to be a ` code ' for crooks . other marks could suggest that the occupant is vulnerable or that there is nothing inside the property worth taking .
tommy connolly took in his homeless , pregnant 17-year-old cousin and his helping her raise her four-week-old baby boy . the sunshine coast university student was enjoying semester break and training hard in the hope of one day representing australia as a champion sprinter . he messaged his cousin angela * to see how she was doing and soon found out she was homeless , illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant .
frances bean cobain has revealed she 's not a big fan of her late father 's music . the singer 's daughter revealed she is n't really like nirvana that much , ' she said . ` sorry , promotional people , universal ' . the couple have been a key trend through autumn/winter 2014 .
anil saxena , from mumbai , uses photoshop to create images of anything from a woman hanging a zebra 's stripes on a washing line . he prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques , saying : ` if the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed , i 'm doing my job well ' .
art and photography community boredpanda created thread encouraging parents to showcase their ` true nerdy colours ' by dressing their babies up as sci-fi characters . another baby is dressed up as widely-recognisable nintendo character mario , complete with tiny dungarees , the red flat cap and even a fake felt moustache .
the auditions for the nationwide search for a brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen . but after the tv cameras subside , their show at the royal variety performance is over , and they 've spent their # 250,000 - what happens to them ?
18 firefighters freed the havana cob called cody after he went for what turned out to be a lengthy dip in a bid to cool off in the warm weather . relieved owner tracey hannant , from bexleyheath , south london , said her horse looked like black beauty when it emerged from the ditch .
aracely meza , 49 , and the boy 's parents believed he had a ` demon ' inside of him , and that he was starved for 25 days , being given only water four to five times a day . church member nazareth zurita said the toddler , whose name has not been released , fell and hit his head several times . in the video , meza places oil on the child 's head while reciting prayers as she holds him in her arms . in the
oxford scientists say a mercury-like body struck the young earth -lrb- artist 's illustration shown . the object would have been the heat source for our planet 's core . the same object could have been responsible for creating the moon . it also explains where some rare-earth elements came from .
david cameron has been criticised for ramping up aid spending . spending on consultants has doubled to # 1.4 billion over the past four years . hundreds of ` team leaders ' working on aid projects earn at least # 120,000 a year . daily rates of between # 800 and # 1000 are commonplace .
the man , a garbage truck driver , was collecting bins in footscray early on saturday morning when the truck rolled forward , pinning him between the vehicle and a pole . paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene . another man has died and two others are fighting for their life in hospital .
detectives investigating the hatton garden gem heist missed the most crucial cctv footage so far until it was flagged up by a shocked worker more than one week later . the ` crystal clear ' footage - said to be of a significantly higher quality than the video currently in the public domain - was handed into the metropolitan police by a worker based 50ft from the crime scene .
the tiny ten by six mile speck in the south atlantic 1,200 miles from the coast of west africa lay undiscovered for around 14 million years . but almost from the moment portuguese explorer juan de nova was blown there by the trade winds in 1502 it assumed an importance out of all proportion to its size .
morrisons has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for muslim customers . selection of 36 sweets - including liquorice sticks , cola bottles , jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale . the 10 stores trialling the scheme include blackburn , bolton , preston , bradford , west bromwich , birmingham , leamington spa and three in london .
james ward , 31 , of burnley , lancashire , also had several other fingers partially severed and surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head , legs , and back . they managed to reattach his left index finger . mr ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return to his home .
jessica knight suffers from pica , a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances . the four-year-old has an unusual appetite for furniture , soft furnishings and fittings . staff at her pre-school also spotted her licking her hands and placing them in a sandpit before sucking the grains from her fingers .
bernard whalen charts the early rise of the world renowned police department from it beginnings in 1898 when the new york area 's 18 independent police forces merged into one . some were forward looking , some were practical but more than a fair share were scoundrels , larcenists or at the very least guilty of dereliction of duty .
amanda taylor , 24 , was apprehended in north carolina last sunday following a multi-state manhunt sparked by the murder of her former relative . charles taylor was found stabbed to death at his home near ellet april 4 . taylor 's suspected partner in crime , 32-year-old sean ball , was found wounded on the blue ridge parkway after the woman allegedly tried to kill him .
the quest-based adventure game requires users to create a character -lrb- customising a ` cute ' look is compulsory -rrb- , become friends with kim kardashian . the character of kim voiced by the reality star herself , is your best friend in the game .
almost half of all people who have visited discounters such as 99p stores , poundstretcher , and wilkinsons are middle class . b&m bargains grew sales by 66 per cent to # 1.3 billion last year and poundland 's sales grew 13 % to # 998 million in same period .
dr lara briden explains that endometriosis is a condition where bits of uterus lining grow in other places outside of the uterus such as the ovaries , bladder or intestines . 90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time . it 's when pain is abnormal and can lead to sever pain and vomiting that women should go straight to a doctor .
bernie madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $ 65 billion ponzi style fraud - which became the largest in financial history . a new book about the financier claims he had put pressure on an israeli model who was working for him as a stock analyst and dating his dealer silvio eboli to sleep with him . eboli is believed to have never confronted madoff but warned he would injure him if he ever crossed the line with his girlfriend .
edwin ` jock ' mee , 46 , allegedly targeted 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 . it is claimed he went on to rape one of the cadets at the mitcham barracks army careers and information office in croydon . he is facing 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes .
the explosion on a pacific gas & electric co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road . the flames shot well over 100 feet into the air . eleven people were injured , three critically , in the explosion . the highway was reopened three hours later .
dane bowers , 35 , is accused of hitting his ex-fiancee sophie cahill in front of her young son , causing a bloody nose . he answered his police bail last thursday and today scotland yard confirmed he is due to appear before magistrates in south london next month .
the 37-year-old , who joined countryfile in 2011 , said she 'd love to stay where she is for ' a long time ' . she continued to say that she knew that she would become less popular . after her first appearance on the bbc show in 2011 she was told her flowing blonde tresses were ` too present ' .
terry mccarty was just six years old when he was engulfed with flames . his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him . the 29-year-old endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies . but he was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had crippled his confidence for years .
sarah vine says bbc need to look more than just men when it comes to finding a tv presenter to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear . she says the bbc needs to look further than only men when they come to find a television presenter to take on the top gear of the job .
douglas murphy , 47 , from brooklyn , new york , was cleaning up after a children 's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag . a cut so small it was hardly visible , became infected , causing the rare condition necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug . the antibiotics mr murphy had been given finally began to show signs of working .
peter tait , headmaster of sherborne preparatory school in dorset , claimed parents have become ` dervishes ' about their children 's education . he said modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child . mr tait warned that while parents naturally wanted the very best for their children , such interference could end up hindering their natural development .
the unnamed man , who died from variant creutzfeldt-jakob -lrb- vcjd -rrb- disease in may 2014 , just 18 months after he first showed symptoms , was a naturalized u.s. citizen originally from the middle east . after his death , an autopsy allowed brain tissue to be tested for the disease , but only his urine came back positive .
more modest sales increase of between # 60 and # 70m is predicted . but the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term . despite his warning , scores of companies are hoping to cash in on the second royal birth , with plans for items ranging from mugs to beauty boxes afoot .
peter hiett , a decorated former prison guard at feltham young offenders institution , said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out differences . 49-year-old said some workers would even stay and watch the battle unfold . also said gangs controlled entire wings at the jail in hounslow , south west london , leaving staff afraid to visit some areas of the prison for fear of being attacked .
british company swan has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron , for # 279.99 . but does it really make things easier ? tessa cunningham finds out . super steamer . it cut my ironing time by half . it 's usually my least favouite chore , but when testing this one , i got to work in front of poldark and was done within 20 minutes .
niamh geaney , a 26-year-old tv presenter from dublin , teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed twin strangers to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days . incredibly , niamh found her match in karen branigan , 29 , a fellow ireland native who lives just an hour down the road , making it easy for the pair to meet in real life .
a week before students are due to return to class after school holidays , mothers have taken to a community facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old 's murder has affected their kids . the local leeton high school teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years .
gigi hadid , and seven other up-and-coming models , have channeled their inner ` beauty queens ' to pose up in some of the spring season 's hottest runway looks for a fashion and beauty spread . the magazine 's global fashion director , carine roitfeld , personally chose the 19-year-old model along with jing wen , laura james , anna cleveland , ondria hardin , antonia wilson , kitty hay
zhao pingan 's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in xiamen city , in south-eastern china 's fujian province . both of his parents were killed in the accident , but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last march , reports the people 's daily . pingan was adopted by his uncle zhao yanchao and his grandmother xiao kaixing
dina nemtsova , 13 , made her debut in a photoshoot with russian fashion label yulia prohorova white zoloto . appeared alongside her mother ekaterina odintsova 's partner , 37 , the young brunette posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design .
anthony barbour , 33 , takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase sefton park and one shopping centre in liverpool , mudeford beach and durdle door . once he finds the right location , he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image .
the ` fullips ' device , a sort of suction-thimble , has gone viral online . at a recent party in london 's bulgari hotel gaggles of models crowded around the bathroom sink mirrors together , not to powder their nose ... but to suction their lips into the sort of look which is all the rage . apparently , the device works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus , and this draws blood to the surface of the lips
lesley conman and kerry green 's daughters were sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on facebook . police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed . ms conman challenged the man herself , pretending to be a 17-year-old boy . after tackling the pervert , lesley posted the messages on her own account to warn other parents of the dangerous predator .
nicola sturgeon has shed pounds , bleached her hair , squeezed her feet into kurt geiger heels , and for the leaders ' debate last week . in 2001 she dressed according to the angela merkel school of leadership , a boxy , androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity .
ashley jiron , owner of p.b. jams in warr acres , oklahoma , noticed that someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant . she taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward , so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge .
alison saunders said her job as head of the crown prosecution service was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases , not the most popular ones . but she was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating establishment cover-ups by deciding that labour peer lord janner should not be charged .
prime minister will today pledge if he is returned to downing street he will offer the public # 4 billion of lloyds shares still held by the government after gordon brown 's # 20 billion panic bailout . individuals will be allowed to buy up to # 10,000 worth of shares , which were worth 78.7 p when the stock market closed on friday . the shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate at the time , with proceeds used
a $ 250 -lrb- # 168 -rrb- device called neurio claims to make ` an ordinary home smart ' . it recognises the electronic signature of different devices , such as kettles and washing machines , allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone . it also recognises electronic signature and can tell you which electrical devices are running at any one time .
jeremy clarkson has decided against hosting bbc 's have i got news for you later this month . the tv personality was due to record the show on april 23 to be broadcast the following day . the recording would have marked his first appearance for the bbc since being dismissed for hitting top gear producer oisin tymon in a ` fracas ' at a hotel over dinner .
joselyn alejandra nio is believed to have been killed , dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the mexican border last sunday . she gained notoriety in january when a picture of her grasping a modified m4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating online .
clare balding and alice arnold returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006 . this time they did not have a ceremony at chiswick house , west london , nor did they invite any guests . miss balding has always made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage became legal in the uk .
virginia roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile us attorney alan dershowitz . he said he wants to have her thrown in jail if she repeated her claims she will have to give evidence under oath . miss roberting has also been branded ` despicable ' by model agency owner jean luc brunel .
barry lyttle , 33 , will now be sentenced in sydney 's local court , where the maximum jail term is two years , rather than the district court . the irishman could learn his fate as soon as thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing .
alison saunders , director of public prosecutions , concluded dementia made 86-year-old unfit to plead . last night , one of nine victims lined up to give evidence against the former leicester west mp waived his right to anonymity to say the decision ` beggars belief ' . hamish baillie , 47 , said he was unable to trust adults after being molested by lord janner during a game of hide-and-seek in a park , when he was a 15-year-
in january 2013 , dorian poe , from burlington , ontario , sent his favorite toy out on the global adventure , having been inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who unable to live her own dreams of world travel , sent her teddy bear in her place . hopes to raise the same level of global awareness about his own condition .
the six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets were captured on cctv . they spent eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping . they used wheelie bins to remove millions of pounds worth of jewellery and valuables from the safe . police may have to pay out millions in compensation for ignoring the alarm .
hannah bluck , 18 , from porthcawl , south wales , had her dreams shattered . the ultra-rare condition causes her weight-bearing shin to die from lack of oxygen . she was warned by doctors that her leg could collapse into her ankle . the teenager set records at youth level for wales .
 motaz zaid was with a friend in parsons green , south west london , in the early hours of friday when the group of thugs targeted them . his friend said the pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools before mr zaid , 20 , was bundled into a mercedes c220 estate and driven off .
zbigniew huminski did not offer a word of remorse as he was formally charged with a range of crimes which are likely to see him jailed for life . the 38-year-old appeared before a judge on friday night . despite being banned from france for earlier offences , he was on his way to england on wednesday from calais when he struck .
samuel tushingham dragged his girlfriend out of bed , slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her . district judge bridget knight described the 26-year-old as a ` caveman ' . but despite this ordered him to go on a relationship course instead of sentencing him to jail .
darren humphries , 37 , began throwing cadbury mini eggs at his estranged wife claire , 31 , after drunkenly losing his temper on march 3 . magistrates heard he flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home to see their two children . he then picked up a packet of the chocolate treats - which had been bought for easter - and began throwing individual eggs at her head .
video shows cher lair from apex , north carolina , cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around . she did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker . after falling back in surprise , she then gets down on her knees repeatedly panting : ` oh my god ' .
the far-right afrikaner resistance movement is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of johannesburg . by day , they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons , all the while being told of the danger from ` the millions of blacks trying to kill you ' .
police in western australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen afl star ben cousins . officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about daniel kerr , a fellow former west coast eagles player . the pair made headlines in recent months , for different incidents , and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files .
a mysterious young soldier known as the ` handsome man ' has been drawn into the centre of anzac day controversy after his image was used to front woolworths ' ` fresh in our memories ' ad campaign . little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat . he was a soldier of the first australian imperial force , and his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in sydney , before he embarked for service . the studio portrait of the handsome man was featured
adam deacon , 32 , of bethnal green , east london , appeared in court this morning over allegations of harassment against the 2006 movie 's writer noel clarke on twitter . a number of abusive tweets were sent from deacon 's account from march 5 to december 19 , hammersmith magistrates ' court in west london was told . he said in 2010 he viewed deacon as a friend and after this point they fell out over work .
lloyd meudell started taking images of the sea with a gopro after being an avid surfer his entire life . he formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment , he began to shoot ocean foam . ` when the tide is high , the water comes in and it breaks in front of cliffs , explodes into the air and creeps over the sand , ' he said .
arnold breitenbach of st. george wanted to get ` cib-69 ' put on a license plate . the utah dmv denied his request , citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations . the division of motor vehicles is required to follow utah law when approving personalized plates .
the mamma mia inspired eatery will open its doors a block away from the abba museum in stockholm . bjorn ulvaeus , of swedish pop group abba , has unveiled his new musical project . the restaurant will be part of a little story in real time .
the pound fell to near 1.46 against the us dollar , its lowest level since june 2010 - just after the last election when no party secured a majority . different polls have variously put the tories and labour narrowly ahead , with david cameron and ed miliband both facing the prospect of having to rely on smaller parties to form a government .
jackson byrnes from northern new south wales was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . the 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation . after seven days of desperate campaigning through facebook and the crowd funding page gofundme , the casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with two days to go .
 coral jones , 43 , was snatched from outside her home in machynlleth , powys . she was branded a ` bad mother ' for allowing april to play in the street past 7pm . she said she blamed herself for letting april stay out on her bike ` for an extra 15 minutes ' . april was abducted and killed by paedophile mark bridger . mrs jones and husband paul have battled to live a normal life for their two children jazmin
bloomberg 's computer system is the world 's largest dealing platform . it is used by most banks and trading floors . more than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours . the government 's attempts to sell # 3billion of bonds , known as gilts , had to be delayed or diverted .
government officials insist there is no evidence to support universal screening for group b strep , known as gbs . this is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the uk every year . current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be ` at risk ' .
ronona fairhead was last month accused of being either ` incredibly naive or totally incompetent ' by margaret hodge , chairman of the commons public accounts committee . now 53-year-old has told shareholders she will stay on for ` a further one-year period ' before leaving the bank 's board entirely .
scotsman john logie baird first demonstrated a working tv system in 1928 . the set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored . it was built as an item of furniture for well-to-do families . it is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale .
mohammed suleman khan , 43 , was sent to prison for four years last april . he defrauded the taxman of # 450,000 . nine-year scam exposed after police raided his birmingham home . khan faces a proceeds of crime hearing at liverpool crown court .
the 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother 's altona meadows driveway at about 2am on sunday . he died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene . the man 's mother and several other family members who were in the house at the time are assisting police with their investigation .
labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be nicola braithwaite and her friends . one of the group from knutsford spotted the leader 's bus when she popped outside the westminster hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride . after brief negotiations with his spin doctors , the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress , saying : ' i
figures appear to vindicate david cameron 's ` mercantile ' foreign policy . exports to the continent were worth # 147.9 billion in 2014 compared with # 144.9 bn to non-eu countries . but the gap has been closing in recent years as the crisis in the eurozone has hit demand for the government .
` when hillary clinton travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her and her entourage , a for her baggage , ' paul said during remarks at a new hampshire gop summit taking place in nashua this weekend . the wealthy democrat was spotted at the omaha , nebraska , airport on the way back carting her own luggage .
nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 . overall , experts from the regulator removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014 , soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year . the jump came after the internet watchdog was told it could proactively seek out abusive content online .
the new marvels movie , the avengers : age of ultron , is already lining the owner 's pockets . wade lange and his team living dead clothing have been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week . the small brisbane based company beat some of the world 's biggest names to snare the licence from disney 's marvel range .
sofia vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiance nick loeb . the revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs , which they planned to have children with before their bitter split .
marcin wasniewski , 34 , escaped death by millimetres after the car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the a444 in coventry . at the time , emergency services greeted by the twisted metal and scattered debris at the scene said it was incredible the driver was even alive .
neill buchel , 39 , was kicked , punched and bludgeoned by elvis kwiatkowski and chas quye , 36 , before being cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a fishing lake in dagenham , essex . the pair were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit tv show and videos found on their mobile phones showed mr buchel being made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals .
london mayor said ukip supporters are in ` increasing psychological conflict ' . he also urged labour and liberal democrat voters to rally behind the conservatives . mr johnson 's intervention signals that the tories are determined to ramp up their warnings over a minority labour government dependent on the votes of snp .
lucy scott , from edinburgh , had her first baby in 2012 and found nothing could have prepared her for the roller coaster ride that ensued . the charming collection features 120 illustrations , capturing everything from a baby 's first lunch out to a spot-on depiction of the constant sleep deprivation experienced .
the former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the white house on twitter , and then barnstorm the hawkeye state in what the associated press calls a series of ` small ' meetings with voters . separately , an iowa republcian party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to hillary are rounding up democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week .
the 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue ford falcon ute at full speed towards the harts range police station . fortunately the station , which is remotely located about 240km northeast of alice springs in the northern territory , was vacant at the time of the incident .
the fbi released images of a ` pre-pubescent blonde girl ' that appear to show her being sexually abused , which could have been taken ` in america or elsewhere ' . officials said one picture , which does not show any abuse taking place , features the unidentified man posing with her . investigators stressed the dark-haired man is not suspected of carrying out abuse .
an independent review of rolling stone 's story about an alleged violent gang rape at the university of virginia said the story fell apart because of ` basic , even routine ' failures of journalism . professors at columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy of the discredited story sunday night . despite the uncompromising conclusions of the journalism experts , nobody will lose their job over the story .
children as young as four investigated for drug and sex offences . between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the region either committed , of were suspected of committing , a crime . they include 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences .
phil rudd , 60 , was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis . the veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges . but with his judge-alone trial due to begin on tuesday , his lawyer changed his plea to guilty . the australian hit headlines last november when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people .
william ` wild bill ' wilson and his wife lillian karr wilson died just two minutes apart from each other . both lillian , 89 , and bill were alzheimer 's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes . on tuesday their connection proved strong as ever when one of their sons , doug , received a phone call at 3.52 am to inform him that his father had passed away . just five minutes later the phone rang
shelley dufresnein from st charles parish , louisiana , took a plea deal on thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender . when she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message : ` my mood today , ' followed by three smiley faces .
patrick kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from springville , utah . specialises in beautifully in-depth oil painted portraits , including this of a sleeping young girl called anna , take the artist up to 50 to 300 hours to complete . it 's almost impossible to tell that kramer 's flawless creations are in fact oil paintings due to their incredible pin-sharp detail and clarity .
jamie richardson , 38 , and daniel taylor , 37 , from worthing , west sussex , pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a bermuda court . the pair were seen entering the grounded plane at lf wade international airport . the two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term .
1.9 billion adults worldwide overweight , 600 million of which are classified as obese . but experts desperately trying to find the answer , a poignant debate rages . should fast food and sugary drink companies be allowed to advertise junk food to children ? should tv ads promoting unhealthy food and drink be banned until watershed , or wiped out altogether to save adults ' waistlines too ?
durham university scientists studied a ` clump ' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy . in this hubble image , the lagging clump can be seen on the left of the central cluster is shown with blue contour lines . dark matter is confusing because it interacts with nothing - including itself .
harry street is in affluent part of london and it 's famed for attracting business from those who do n't have to consider the cost . but for some of the customers who show up at the clinics on the street , like michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , the money is a lot to spend in the hope it will turn their lives around .
harriet harman , labour 's deputy leader , insists they were only ` standing up for people at the top ' . but sharing a breakfast tv sofa with her was mr osborne , who said as they went to st paul 's school in london , ` the posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin ' . in the 1980s , he attended school for boys , where a place for a pupil boarding costs now # 10,800-a-year . ms harman
sisters destiny cooke and lajahia cooke , 17 , were brutally kicked , punched , stomped and shoved around by the mob . onlookers videotaped the riot and encouraged the violence to continue . destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair .
home buyers expert frank valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design . the key to ensuring the practicality of your kitchen is to zone areas of the kitchen based on activities e.g. food preparation , cooking , clean-up etc. with storage for those activities within those zones . there was plenty of bench space in dea and darren 's kitchen on the block .
the snp leader will unveil a manifesto including proposals for british foreign policy , welfare payments , energy bills and english university tuition fees . several of her election pledges overlap with labour policy , including slashing tuition fees in england from a maximum of # 9,000 a year to # 6,000 . others are calculated to drag a minority labour government to the left , including halting the roll-out of iain duncan smith 's popular changes to benefits and cancelling the trident nuclear
sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers who risk their lives on a daily basis as they try to keep the rhino from poachers lured by the rising price of ivory . but even without his horn , keepers in the kenyan reserve of ol pojeta in fear for his safety .
nathan brown , 19 , was working with his father david when he touched a set of exposed electrical bars . shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block below the crane . he was airlifted to hospital but later died of his injuries . pair were both working at eurofabs uk ltd , a sheet metal manufacturer .
at least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced from their homes since the violence against immigrants erupted in the city of durban several weeks ago . police are struggling to subdue the machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops in the slums of johannesburg . many families fear for their lives have abandoned their homes and fled to a makeshift refugee camp .
the snp leader said the ` direction of travel ' was towards independence . she set out her demands for her to support ed miliband if labour falls short of a majority . but david cameron warned of the ` frightening ' prospect of snp holding labour to ransom and demanding they ditch new roads and hospitals in england , wales and northern ireland .
friends of 16-year-old rachelle owen said teenager ` just wanted to be with her mum ' kay diamond , who was discovered dead in february . miss owen died after being struck by a train close to hoylake station , wirral , on friday night . police said death was not being treated as suspicious .
photographer kenji wardenclyffe captured the explosive moment during a melbourne protest against the ` islamisation ' of australia . the dramatic scenes occurred after reclaim australian , an anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations . a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight with anti-rism protesters .
georgina chapman , 38 , said she does not want the accusations tied to ambra battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business . she thinks it 's embarrassing not only to her but to their kids , ' said the socialite who worked with the couple .
in recent years , the chernobyl nuclear explosion site , and nearby ghost town of pripyat , ukraine , have seen an increase in tourist interest . in 1986 , reactor 4 exploded , sending radioactive particles into the air . at the time , the area was part of the former soviet union , but is now ukrain .
danielle and alexander meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son rafi , 10 , and daughter dvora , 6 , roam free in their suburban neighborhood . but authorities crossed a line over the weekend when they picked up rafi and dvdora and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents .
kevin bollaert , 28 , was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in san diego superior court . the landmark case was the first time a person had been tried for a running revenge porn ring in the united states . jilted lovers and hackers could anonymously post nude photos of people without their consent , along with personal information about them . more than 10,000 images , mainly of women , were posted between december 2012 and september
 chancey luna , 17 , convicted in the august 16 , 2013 shooting death of christopher lane , who was shot in the back while running along a city street in duncan . defense attorneys acknowledged that luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in , but contended that he meant only to scare lane . the jury recommended luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole .
alfred taubman , who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities , hospitals and museums , died friday night at his home of a heart attack . the self-made michigan billionaire 's business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving a&w restaurant chain .
coachella valley music and arts festival in indio , california , is spending more than any other major festival goers . while checking out headliners such as ac/dc , jack white , florence and the machine and madonna , who bizarrely made out with rapper drake on sunday . the likes of alessandra ambrosio and brooklyn beckham pay the highest-priced admission -lrb- # 252 -rrb- and meal costs -lr
kenton lee came up with the idea while working in nairobi in kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small . self-tying shoelaces could become a reality after engineers designed a shoe that can automatically lace up , adjusting itself to the shape of your foot .
lorraine kelly has dropped two dress sizes by attending regular zumba classes . the 55-year-old also revealed her excitement about her new weight loss . in an interview with woman , kelly gushed about her instructor , maxine jones . she said : ` maxine 's changed my life . i have more energy now and that helps me look and feel younger ' .
sergeant norman turgel , 24 , and teenage polish girl gena , 20 , were only kindled because of the generosity and kindness of the camp 's british commander major leonard berney . this week survivors and liberators of the notorious bergen-belsen camp in northern germany gathered to commemorate the day of britain soldiers entered its gates . gena and norman were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years . gena
the picture-perfect photo shoot is the handiwork of john daniels , 61 , from dunsfold in surrey . he used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots . the photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings , making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate national pet day .
only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens . average one usually containing a mere four species -- daffodils , crocuses , roses and tulips . almost 40 per cent of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it .
the coach erupted into flames on a busy interchange at the m25 motorway . it sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway with footage taken by motorists showing the wreckage of the vehicle . the fire completely destroyed the coach and is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the coach .
 tortoiseshell mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to facebook . the 30-second video was shared by thousands of people around the world and features the cat playing with 15-year-old joshua teague . mimi was picked to star in the tv advert , which was broadcast last wednesday .
jessica cleland , from wallan , victoria , was 19 when she took her own life on easter saturday last year , after receiving facebook messages from two teenage boys she considered friends saying that they hated her . her parents are now desperate to see a change within victoria 's government and the state 's police so that those found guilty of cyber bullying face serious consequences .
emergency services are preparing for damaging winds to hit large parts of new south wales as residents prepare for a week of colder weather . the nsw state emergency service anticipates calls across the sydney metropolitan , hunter and illawarra regions with winds of up to 100km/h expected over the next two days . the ses had responded to about 15 jobs on monday morning , mainly in syria .
asda 's piri piri chicken pasta salad contains 46.5 g of fat . two thirds of recommended daily intake for an adult - which is more than 43.3 g . a pizza express classic margherita pizza has 683 calories and 37.1 g . and a 624-calorie mcdonald 's quarter pounder with cheese .
us giant morgan stanley said prospect of labour government reliant on scottish nationalists would create ` greatest uncertainty ' of any election result . inevitable ` anti-austerity ' agenda could lead to ` earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case ' . goldman sachs also raised concerns about same outcome on may 7 .
sir bruce forsyth said watching his first wife suffer with dementia has convinced him he wants to ` die with a bit of dignity left ' . the veteran entertainer , now 87 , said people should not be ` left to suffer ' . he visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year .
damon albarn said modern pop stars are part of a ` selfie generation ' . the 47-year-old became known for his very public spat with oasis ' gallagher brothers . he has returned to pick a fight with even more people in the music industry . he believes they could be using their music to make political statements .
italian artist johannes stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon . the 37-year-old daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect . to complete the deception , the models rested on a bench painted to match their skin and held the green branch in the air beneath them .
peter barnett , 43 , is said to have caused a loss of # 23,000 to chiltern railways . he travelled from oxfordshire home to london marylebone but pretended to have only gone from wembley , in north west london . he admitted six counts of fraud by false representation between april 2012 and november last year .
brits are ditching tradition in favour of alternative practices when it comes to getting hitched . two of the biggest changes are the fact that religious services have fallen out of favour and that brides are opting for bold colour schemes for their big day . in 2014 , just seven per cent of uk couples allowed the bride 's parents to pay the entire bill , down from nine per cent in 2010 .
dwayne harvard , 46 , had an argument with steven sutton , 36 , sunday night and struck sutton with his 2002 ford explorer , driving for 11 miles through pennsylvania . harvard claims the man confronted him in the driveway of his home in springdale , saying he was furious that harvard was giving sutton 's girlfriend , anna mazzetti , a ride home .
danielle busby looked tired but ecstatic as she appeared on today for an interview just a week after giving birth . olivia marie , ava lane , hazel grace , parker kate and riley paige are all still in an incubator at houston 's woman 's hospital of texas .
nick loeb has filed a lawsuit in california in a bid to prevent her from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through ivf . court documents , filed under pseudonyms jane and john doe , detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in november 2013 .
child 's giggles can be heard after r2d2 followed him around star wars convention in anaheim , california . clearly a fan , the boy was dressed in a star wars t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair to promote the new film , the force awakens .
the uss theodore roosevelt and the uss normandy left the persian gulf on sunday and are steaming through the arabian sea . the vessels are believed to be joining other u.s. ships that are poised to intercept any iranian ships carrying weapons to the houthi rebels fighting in yemen .
phillip buchanon revealed his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost for ` raising him for the last 18 years ' after he was drafted into the professional league . the former nfl player also played for the houston texans , tampa bay buccaneers , detroit lions and washington redskins before retiring in 2011 .
the huge concrete arrow was found in perfect condition in bloomington , washington county , utah . it was one of 102 found by retired couple brian and charlotte smith , who have travelled across the us to photograph the monuments . the arrows define a moment in history at the beginning of the 21st century when the us postal service began delivering air mail .
toyal lotus technology stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots . the ` spooner ' who scrapes the remaining yoghur back into the pot , and the ` waster ' who throws it away . this is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf . these bumps increase the contact angle at which droplets touch the surface , which in turn force the droplets to form into spheres .
the number of deaths every year in britain will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades . at the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast , thanks to higher costs for cremation , rising undertakers ' bills . older people are finding it increasingly difficult to afford homes or to start families .
the ten houses in australia that wo n't sell , despite being heavily discounted , have been revealed . a recent report found the properties across the country which have n't been able to spark enough interest among home buyers even after being on the market for up to two years . among them includes a one-bedroom home in oberon , central west of nsw , which was listed 800 days ago for $ 299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent . the historic
the duffel bag was found near a biotechnology company 's building in cambridge , massachusetts on saturday morning . surveillance footage led police to an apartment complex across the street where additional human remains were found in a common area . all of the remains are believed to belong to one person , whose death is being treated as a homicide .
diane morris , 46 , is engaged to mike holpin , 56 , who has shamelessly boasted of having children with 20 different women . she has brushed off claims that her partner uses dating site plenty of fish to meet more women for casual sex . ms morris also said the two are ` crazy for each other ' and it does n't bother her that he 's been married three times before .
five children questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland . fire crews in south wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the ` unprecedented ' scale of destruction . the cost of fighting the blazes has risen close to # 500,000 since the month began .
the polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers . when the flowers open their ' alabaster petals ' , as the novelist balzac put it -- camellias are positively regal . they are easy to grow , but picky about soil . if yours is acid , free-draining and nutritious , they 'll thrive , but they mope in alkaline or neutral ground .
the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in cameron park , california . guinness world records has confirmed peter weber jr. 's feat . the record was confirmed after weber proved he piloted a plane march 30 in placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence .
a 14-year-old boy from blackburn , lancashire was arrested after he allegedly communicated with australian men over a plan to use knives and swords to hack officers to death in melbourne on anzac day . when the alleged plot was uncovered by greater manchester police , they tipped off australia authorities who swooped on the terror suspects . five men from melbourne were arrested over the planned attack after british authorities passed on their findings to police in australia
deep brain stimulation is already used to treat parkinson 's , but now researchers believe it could be used to improve brain function and ward off diseases such as dementia . experiments on rats found the therapy improved their powers of recall . it sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain and has also been shown to provide benefits for a range of conditions including chronic pain , major depression and obsessive compulsive disorder .
britain 's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring - and the warm weather is set to last with the country predicted to be hotter than ibiza , athens and barcelona tomorrow . some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest april ever as britons cool off , with balmy conditions set to continue . forecasters warn people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse in the second half of this week .
alannah hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma in 2013 . she has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh . the tasmanian-born designer is taking three months off to recuperate . her doctor encouraged her to speak out to educate others on the disease .
alexis keslar was walking with her sons , eli and silas , along the canal bank on friday when she was distracted and the stroller rolled away from her into the canal . police have said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult and she watched helplessly as the strong current swept her children away .
the car left a parking lot at the ports o ' call entertainment area of san pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at berth 73 of the port of los angeles . the car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor , where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water just off of berth 73 .
the plane , carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members , tilted to one side and its left engine scraped along the runway in khajuraho . the crew ordered an evacuation after the boeing 737-800 came to a stop , and passengers slid down the plane 's inflatable slides to safety .
one company is offering the chance to dive 12,500 ft below the surface of the sea to explore the ship at the bottom of the atlantic . the once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service , bluefish . guests will stay aboard the akademik keldysh ship at sea and wait for suitable conditions to see the titanic up close .
the migratory bird was spotted near the coastal city of limassol . normally , the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-carotene in their diet . experts believe a rare genetic irregularity known as ` melanism ' can generate more melanin than usual .
red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins , which are alcohol soluble . when higher concentrations of clear alcohol , such as gin , vodka or white rum , are poured onto the stain , the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet . these can then be soaked up using a paper towel .
beth hall , 24 , from cambridge , fell to a tiny 4st 13lb after battling anorexia . she began a strict diet regime at the age of 16 , living off nothing more than black tea and coffee . determined to lose weight , she would often go for up to three days without eating a single thing . after making a full recovery , she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university .
families on the high green estate in sheffield , south yorkshire , say they are being ` held to ransom ' by gangs of yobs shooting at homes and cars . cctv footage shows the youngsters shooting at properties , cars and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and bb guns . residents even claim one woman who confronted the yobs was shot at . a mother-of-three , who asked not be named , released the appalling footage and says she has been left `
judges have caused controversy by ordering parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to syria should have their identities hidden . they include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now can not be identified to protect their children from the glare of publicity . also among the parents are a couple who lied to authorities about losing their daughter 's passport .
john coyne , 56 , ran prince of wales pub in harrow road , central london . victim had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in october last year . coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent and jailed at blackfriars crown court yesterday .
kellogg 's is the latest us owned multinational to be embroiled in controversy over tax avoidance in britain . the cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes . its two main subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the republic of ireland , where corporation tax is 12.5 % .
former prime minister said he had ` decades ' still in him and joked that he would ` turn to drink ' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles . he said his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to go round the world to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries .
joel wilkinson , from hull , was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy six months ago . his parents , emma , 33 , and chris , 36 , noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk . they were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had incurable condition and that is likely only to live to the age of 20 . now , they have decided to make his short life as full of joy as possible .
manuel garza jr. was given the death sentence after killing san antonio police officer john ` rocky ' riojas in february 2001 . he is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in texas this year . garza said he was sorry for causing pain to his family , friends and ` especially police officers ' .
kieran loveridge , who brutally attacked mr kelly at kings cross , was moved to goulburn supermax prison because he had an ` improper relationship ' with a female officer . the 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with port macquarie woman jody marson , the daily telegraph reported .
mark hamill , who played luke skywalker in the original star wars films , said he had some reservations about abrams . he assumed lucas was going to announce a 3-d release or roll out another box set of the films , laughing about the number of versions that have been made available .
kristen lindsey from brenham , texas , allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow believing it was feral . but a local rescue center say the cat , believed to be called tiger , was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks . the colorado state graduate lost her job at the washington animal clinic after the image began circulating online and staff have since been distancing themselves from the former employee .
katie prager , 24 , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in september 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs . her insurance company , kentucky medicaid , will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the university of pittsburgh medical center .
national grid has revealed the uk 's first new pylon for nearly 90 years . called the t-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons . but it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts . it is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes .
christopher barry , 53 , was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy . the boy , who is a member of the notorious wood green gang , pleaded guilty . he pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed mr barry in the chest . the teenager , who can not be named for legal reasons , was enraged .
apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a virginia-based nonprofit , the conservation fund , to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the east coast . in the reed forest of aroostook county , maine , wetlands , rivers , and upland forest provide refuge for atlantic salmon , bald eagle , and canada lynx .
vera maresova , 50 , was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last august . she injected the potassium straight into the blood stream of her six elderly patients , which caused them to suffer heart failure and eventually death . all of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital .
solomon khoorban , 33 , forced himself on the teenager in the vip area . he then ordered his terrified victim to wait for at least 30 minutes , threatening to kill her if she did not oblige . princess diana was among a host of famous faces who attended shows , events and after parties at the club before it closed down .
stephanie scott led a secret life online that included violent video games , a seeming obsession with fantasy worlds and rambling writings for a science fiction series . new details have emerged about vincent stanford , who created an online alter ego to use in science fiction , gaming and fantasy forums characters .
mayor of new york is allegedly entering the race as a ` leftist ' alternative to hillary clinton . this comes just hours before clinton announced her candidacy , where de blasio refused to back her . the 53-year-old has yet to back clinton , despite the fact that he was campaign manager of her u.s. senate bid in 2000 .
harvey weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman turned up for the premiere of his new broadway play finding neverland in new york city . the play is based on the 2004 film of the same name weinstein produced starring kate winslet and johnny depp . the happy couple were joined by stars including helen mirren , bryan cranston , ansel elgort , darren criss , olivia wilde and christoph walt
a slick bunk bed design has been unveiled by zodiac aerospace . it gives staff a bed each and some privacy for a little shut-eye during long-haul flights . each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit -lrb- psu -rrb- offering crew with individual comfort features such as an in-flight entertainment and air conditioning system .
cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor dennis quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie . the video , which surfaced on reddit on monday evening , shows quaid -- famed for roles in blockbusters such as wyatt earp , any given sunday and the day after tomorrow -- losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight .
peter gale was fired from his position at nonsuch high school for girls in cheam , surrey , due to ` serious breaches ' in safeguarding procedures . he was appointed to run the school , which counts singer katie melua amongst its alumnae , in september 2013 after the mysterious departure of its previous head , karin rowsell . in a letter to parents , the chairman of the governing body , tony hyams-parish , said : ` the
the internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger , regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the internet . the brain operates in a similar way . the study was published on april 6 in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences . for years , scientists looking for clues to brain function through its structure focused on what could be seen .
the stellar bill also includes historian david starkey , best-selling novelist kate mosse , award-winning biographer claire tomalin , explorer sir ranulph fiennes , private eye editor ian hislop and neil macgregor . the event attracts more than 30,000 visitors to its idyllic venue in a wiltshire field . this year it boasts more than 140 speakers , a stunning air show and ` living history ' re-enactments over seven
jeremy clarkson , 54 , was fired in march after attacking a producer . he has not publicly addressed his dismissal , apart from to say that ` everyone 's upset ' . but the presenter today gave his ` heartfelt thanks ' to those who sent support . it came as ms rippon , 70 , said she would be keen to return to motoring show .
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by the man . he was shown wearing a green puma sweatshirt , dark jacket and jeans in the hours before the incident when he also stalked three other women . west yorkshire police produced a computer generated image after taking a description of the suspect from his victim .
louise shepherd , 31 , from cobham , surrey , was hiking through the madidi national park in the north-west part of the country . she had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister hannah and college friend rose jones , both 30 .
zipporah lisle-mainwaring accused of painting red and white stripes on her # 15million kensington townhouse in a bitter planning row is a war hero 's daughter worth as much as # 60million . residents in otherwise immaculate cobbled cul-de-sac said colourful redesign was driving them ` mad ' .
ethan czahor has launched ` clear ' which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer . users can search for keywords such as ` gay ' , ` black ' or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them . in february , he was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for mr bush , the former florida governor and potential 2016 presidential candidate .
obama is in panama to attend the vii summit of the americas . it will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange . the two presidents spoke by phone on wednesday for only the second , known time in as many years .
the opening of the championships has been postponed after wild weather left randwick racecourse unsafe to compete on . stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9.30 am saturday morning . racegoers susie pleasance and helen quarrel got to the field early and were disappointed to find an empty track .
the 18-year-old hampton park man had his preventative detention order removed , and the teenager was re-arrested . the man has now been charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' . he will appear in melbourne magistrates ' court on tuesday .
the bodies of the alleged attackers were driven around the town in a pickup truck from the mortuary to garissa primary school . it comes as survivor cynthia cheroitich , 19 , who spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive , was rescued after al-shabaab gunmen stormed garissa university college on thursday . hundreds of people gathered in the sweltering heat to catch a glimpse of the men who are believed to be responsible .
a series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the may 7 election . women are told they are ` vital to the success of the british economy ' while pensioners are praised for their ` wealth of experience ' .
elena curtin of portland , oregon , was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend 's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in november 2014 . she was set to go to trial in multnomah county circuit court this week , but prosecutors dropped the charge on monday because curtin , 23 , was ` completely justified in her outrage ' . when she asked her to leave and the woman refused , cur
the action in this cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world . it demonstrates how to make perfectly formed miniature versions of classic foods . the miniature space videos are filmed in the bijou area . the video shows chef making a miniature strawberry cake complete with frosting , sprinkles and strawberries .
republican presidential candidate rand paul is on the defensive after a set of acrimonious exchanges with women . ' i think i have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters . i 'll own up to that , ' the kentucky senator told cnn anchor wolf blitzer yesterday . responding to accusations of sexism that bubbled up following his wednesday morning dust up with today host savannah guthrie .
the monarch , who was resplendent in a fuchsia suit and a matching hat , appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers in the royal box . unfortunately for her majesty , her horse was narrowly pipped to the post . the queen , who has long been an avid racing fan , had a second runner later in the afternoon but was once again left to rue missed chances after her horse capel path came in third .
the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including actress diana dors , singer bob dylan and actor marlon brando . in total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the fab four themselves - but because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together . other well-known figures include writer edgar allen poe , dancer fred astaire , comedians laurel and hardy and boxer sonny liston , poet dylan
daria rose , 18 , immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in october 2012 . after a difficult high school experience , the 18-year-old has a bright future ahead of her . the hempstead teen has been accepted into all seven of the ivy league schools she applied to .
a segment on wedding costs touched on the price of engagement rings , wcco this morning reporter ashley roberts ' boyfriend , justin mccray , surprised her with an engagement ring of her own . and it was a good news day for everyone involved -- ashley said yes . it seems ashley 's this morning co-workers were in on the plan all along ; while wrapping up the wedding segment , anchor jason derush noted that men spend an average of $ 5,
victor agbafe , 17 , is currently attending cape fear academy in wilmington , north carolina . on one of his facebook pages , he describes himself as a ` passionate , honest , open-minded individual ' . he credits his mother , a nigerian immigrant and physician , for setting a good example for him .
councils are pocketing thousands in change by forcing drivers to overpay for parking because their meters do not accept five or 10 pence coins brought in three years ago . in manchester , where 240 machines are still not upgraded , motorists without old-style coins must use # 1 and two 20p pieces for a typical # 1.25 hour 's parking .
daphne selfe , 86 , has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories . the model , from baldock , hertfordshire , was still commanding # 1,000 per day for her work . she also comes from a time when it was ok to not be super skinny .
graham leonard , 46 , hijacked a plane 's tannoy system while drunk to sing karaoke and then caused an airport to be evacuated . he grabbed the pa microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song for his fellow football fans after drinking beer and gin on match day . he was one of three passengers that missed their ride back to the airport after the drunken day out .
the wi has now been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds . it 's been a gargantuan undertaking , even by formidable standards of the women 's institute . for days on end , two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed 5,000 women attending the wi 's centenary celebrations at the royal albert hall in june .
the michigan micro mote is the smallest computer in the world . it contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light . this line of ` smart dust ' devices includes computers equipped with imagers . by strobing light at a high frequency , the operator is able to send information to a central computer via conventional radio frequencies .
the tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in islington , north london . despite being only a little wider than a rugby player 's shoulders , the estate agency blurb described the property as being ` well proportioned ' . the property was put on the market with foxtons for # 750,000 - almost double the price it sold for in 2001 .
gerard t. ` the frenchman ' ouimette was 75 . he had lived in fall river , massachusetts , and had a role in up to eight murders , ` ran ' the federal prison in north carolina in the 1970s and even had booze , drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis , according to a rhode island state police report .
the boy was arrested after police raided a house in longsight , manchester . the girl was arrested on suspicion of preparing for an act of terrorism . the investigation involved the north west counter terrorism unit , greater manchester police and lancashire police . police have dismissed any link to the nine individuals from rochdale arrested on thursday after being stopped on the turkey/syria border .
only 44 per cent of hillary clinton 's twitter followers are real people who participate on the social media platform . statuspeople.com , the oldest publicly available twitter-auditing tool , reports that 44 per % of the former secretary of state 's followers are ` good ' ; 41 per cent are ` inactive ' .
the quaint capital city put on one hell of a show last weekend for its inaugural cubadupa festival -- a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks . wellington 's iconic and bohemian cuba street was the centre point of all activity and drew in thousands of locals and tourists for the contagious and frenetic festivities .
police were led to cocoparra national park north of griffith , nsw . the mother and brother of vincent standford , who has been charged with ms scott 's murder , was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions . police discovered the burnt remains of a woman 's body in bushland late around 5pm on friday afternoon , the night before the leeton school teacher was due to get married .
dusan bako , 18 , flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager 's phone only to discover it was switched off . during a confrontation near a park in oldham , bako put his arm around the back of the girl 's neck and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach . bako pleaded guilty to an alternative charge of causing grievous bodily harm with intent after a plea bargaining deal .
eileen mason and margaret seabrook had been to lunch club meeting in swindon , wiltshire , when an ` evil looking ' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence . mrs mason shouted ` oh , no you do n't , ' and slammed on accelerator of her scooter .
scientists at the niels bohr institute at the university of copenhagen and published in the journal geophysical research letters . evidence of water on mars dates back to the mariner 9 mission , which arrived in 1971 . in total there is more than 150 billion cubic metres of ice on mars .
former secretary of state gave details of her daughter 's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir , hard choices , released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run . in 2014 , she and her husband got the ` wonderful news ' that their daughter chelsea and her investment banker husband marc mezvinsky were expecting a baby .
olivia bazlinton , 13 , and charlotte thompson , 14 , died at elsenham station . friends had been using station 's unlocked footpath crossing to catch service . inquest returned verdicts of accidental death , but crucial safety reports had not been disclosed to coroner .
queensland resident roxy walsh took to her facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday . the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message : ` darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 , love jenny ' . fortunately , ms walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with ` the joe and jenny '' in noosa on sund
video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue . it then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes . the last domino gently hits an orange ball , causing it to roll down another positioned cue lying on the table . in less than 30 seconds the stunt comes to a close .
carol chandler , 53 , of wellington , shropshire , is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s . she was charged as part of the metropolitan police 's operation winthorpe , scotland yard 's investigation into allegations of sex abuse at st paul 's school in barnes , south west london .
david totton , 36 , admitted driving a hired white peugeot rcz into the doors of club liv , a nightspot popular with footballers in central manchester , at around 3am on august 31 last year . he tried to claim the attack had been meant as ' a joke ' , but a judge ruled otherwise . he was walking through manchester city centre when he saw his friend , who was not named , in an altercation with door staff so he went over to act
anarda de la caridad perez friman , 37 , is said to have been ` suffering from post-natal depression ' . she allegedly stabbed john joseph shannon , 31 , the couple 's six-week-old baby and her daughter , four . mr shannon had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children , but police now believe pere z friman is a spanish national of cuban descent .
ana elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a night class at the university of texas , pan american . she was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the mexican border .
australia children 's cookbook guru annabel karmel has slammed pete evans ' controversial bone broth recipe in his book ` bubba yum - the paleo way ' . the 51-year-old believes bone broth instead of breast milk , it is all about a well-rounded diet approach .
just over three weeks until polling day , 39 % of voters now say they will back the conservatives compared to just 33 % for labour . shock poll comes after tories unveiled key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to # 1million . comes after series of polls suggested labour had pulled slightly ahead of the tories .
larry reid was arrested about 12:40 p.m. monday on u.s. highway 95 near the edge of boulder city limits . senator harry reid 's 73-year-old brother has been arrested and charged with driving drunk and hitting a police officer . the nevada senator 's office released a statement confirming that he will not seek re-election .
dame barbara hakin , national director of commissioning operations for nhs england , is facing the threat of a new inquiry into claims she put patient safety at risk in a drive to meet targets . the gmc is concerned that there ` may have been a material flaw ' in the previous decision , which could lead to the case being reopened .
lance corporal leonard keysor , 30 , received a victoria cross for his 48-hour effort that saw him lob live , palm-sized iron grenades from the trenches of lone pine to save the lives of his comrades . keysor even caught some of the bombs in mid-air , channel 7 's sunday night reported .
julie bishop , who is australia 's highest-ranking official to visit iran in 12 years , donned a black headscarf during a meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani and her iranian counterpart mohammad javad zarif . social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom .
valerie rutty , of warrington , cheshire , altered invoices by increasing prices of work she had commissioned . the 60-year-old stole almost # 3,500 from the fund raised by parents , teachers and pupils over a period of more than three years at irlam primary school in greater manchester .
the singer posted the image of the iron lady on instagram . some fans took umbrage to the photo , which she captioned with . ` thank you margaret thatcher ' followed by ' #unapologetic #rebelheart ' . she deleted it just moments later after receiving dozens of abusive messages .
marks and spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 miraval rose wine . the # 18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple 's chateau miraval estate . they married in august last year after having purchased it for # 41million . decanter magazine described it as having ' a sense of power alongside the elegance ... with a delicious mouth-watering finish ' .
britons spend # 100 million a year on cough syrup when a glass of honey and lemon could work just as well , according to a new bbc television investigation . claims that branded painkillers that say they specifically treat certain types of pain are just using ` clever marketing ' to make patients spend up to ten times more than they would on unbranded products .
joseph devaney , 23 , and kieron rolstron , 22 , burst into the home of a young couple and demanded money . but as owners john and emma evans watched in horror , they brought down the animal 's head to stop it barking before making off in the victims ' car . cookie suffered serious injuries and had been sedated whilst he was given stitches and is now recovering at home in clayton brook , near chorley , lancashire
man named locally as 62-year-old richard clements , is believed to have been mowing grass outside his property in wattisham , suffolk . machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him . family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him but he was pronounced dead at the scene .
sheriff mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds . police were called to a kfc restaurant in northfield , birmingham , shortly after 5pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing . when officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers .
jessica edgeington , 33 , of villa rica , georgia , was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called ` swooping ' , where divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition . she died after plummeting to the ground at the skydive deland in deland , florida .
timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing . he also viewed himself as a ` paul revere-type messenger ' and suggested his defense team should receive $ 800,000 from the government . the estimated one million pages of paper documents from stephen jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the briscoe center for american history at the university of texas .
brisbane based dj-duo mashed n kutcher did just that when they offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public . the clip shows adam and matt , who choose not to give their full names , approach a busdriver and a 7-eleven clerk to have a bash on the keys before going in search of a singer . the mystery runner then launches into a moving melody , seemingly leaving the djs lost for words .
jessica hardy , 23 , from hereford , was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm when she met her new man , ryan , she tried to burn it off with acid . the mother-of-one said she could n't afford laser removal surgery to have the tattoo removed so when she heard about acid peels for the skin . but instead of removing her tattoo as she hoped , jessica 's dangerous diy treatment gave her chemical burns
doug gregory , 92 , had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck by a car outside a petrol station . he suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance . he was awarded the distinguished flying cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over nazi-occupied europe .
father tells how ` bright and beautiful ' gcse pupil started using a cocktail of banned substances including cocaine , ecstasy , methadone and ` party drug ' meow meow . he warned class a drugs were widely available to children , and urged schools and police to get tough . he said dealers made the drugs ` incredibly cheap and available ' to hook their young customers .
amanda burleigh , a midwife at leeds teaching hospitals nhs trust , was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of delivery was wrong . since the 1950s , doctors and midwives started giving women a hormonal injection to reduce the risk of haemorrhage . they feared the drug -- since replaced with a safer substitute -- could harm the baby .
chelsea clinton became the first daughter of the united states of america . she was just a twelve-year-old from arkansas with a full head of voluminous frizzy curls . now , in a candid interview with elle magazine , chelsea has finally revealed just what happened to her much-loved ringlets .
christopher stefanoni , 50 , says his nine-year-old son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing . as well as his son being booted to a lesser team in the league , he was also banned from coaching .
gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in peru 's cotahuasi valley . each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies , with infants kept in small containers , and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing . archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs , recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as tenahaha .
a guest list of 120 people invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson-woolley 's wedding at the picturesque eat your greens venue 2km outside the tiny town of eugowra , in new south wales ' central west region . the wedding venue was locked up and deserted as guests instead paid tribute to ms scott at her memorial service which was held 275km and three hours ' drive away .
there were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles . while people were concerned that the tortoise hatchlings would get eaten by predators , tortoise are unable to swim . the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission , all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand .
gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the m42 in derby . they held up a cash-and-carry in derby on september 26 last year . the white seat leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter . footage shows the gang jumping out of their stolen vehicle . they have now been jailed at birmingham crown court .
clare else 's husband andrew was knifed 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic ephraim norman , 24 , in april last year . the 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends earlier that night before the stranger pounced on him and launched an unprovoked attack . norman had stopped taking medication for his illness because it interfered with his sex life and had heard voices in his head commanding him to kill .
stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior . photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the famous battle ship 323 miles from his patch . following a disciplinary hearing the mayor of hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role with newcastle city council for gross misconduct .
the york county coroner 's office says 35-year-old donnell graham fatally shot his wife , shaquana graham and another man in a room at the quality inn in springettsbury township . at least one of the individuals checked into the room around 9 a.m. when the guest staying in the room next to the one where the shooting occurred reported hearing gunshots .
a university of cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy . by using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock . he said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes . and the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce . dr paolo bombelli will present his research as part of the pint of science festival .
kathleen bailey , 70 , was a church elder and avid charity fundraiser . she helped herself to at least # 1,500 and used money to finance trips to north wales . she was given a suspended jail sentence after admitting theft at bolton crown court . the grandmother , from ramsbottom , greater manchester , was jailed for 12 months .
15 fortune 500 companies , many of them worth north of a $ 1 billion , paid zero income taxes in 2014 , says a report out last week from the citizens for tax justice . household names like cbs , general electric and mattel all successfully manipulated the u.s. tax code to avoid paying taxes on their massive profits .
nate silver correctly predicted winner in 49 of 50 us states in 2008 . new populus poll found labour unchanged on 34 per cent , while tories down one . lord ashcroft found tory lead of four points compared to labour 's 30 per cent . ukip expected to have only 13 short of 323 mps needed for majority .
the incident occurred wednesday afternoon at alverta b. gray schultz middle school in hempstead , new york . annika mckenzie , 34 , walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter 's math teacher . she has been charged with second-degree assault and strangulation .
ivana chubbuck , 62 , is a part therapist and part acting coach . she is known as the ` celebrity whisperer ' , a woman whose astonishing skill in honing hollywood talent made an icon out of a man who used to stand on street corners dressed as a chicken . today , brad pitt is known the world over .
seven-day-old foal nuzzling sunny bayne 's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly . the animal appears completely at ease and he stretches out his legs in a bid to further his relaxation . to date the clip of bayne has received thousands of hits online .
tom o'carroll , a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange , has joined the supporters of the media pressure group hacked off . the organisation , set up in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal , is campaigning against what it sees as the ` biased and unfair ' independent press standards organisation .
crown princess mary of denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in denmark on thursday . the tasmanian-born royal looked appropriately sombre in a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories to mark the 75th anniversary of the occupation of aabenraa .
bobby brown visited bobbi kristina at the dekalb medical center in decatur , georgia , on monday . she was recently moved from emory university hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on january 31 . despite this , bobby looked in good spirits as he visited his daughter flanked by friends and family members .
lelisa desisa , 25 , of ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours , 9 minutes , 17 seconds and beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day . security was on high alert for potential threats to competition 's 119th race . desisa raised his hands in victory and exhaustion as he crossed the finish line to win the boston marathon on monday .
many of the questions focused on candidates ' ages and heights , according to google politics tweeted about former first lady and secretary of state hillary clinton 's announcement that she is seeking the presidency . ` it 's official . @hillaryclinton is running . here are the q 's people are asking @google about clinton in the past hour : ' .
woman , believed to be in her 20s , had to be rescued from river cam , cambridge . she disappeared under the water of the cam several times , screaming for help . two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out .
vincent viafore from poughkeepsie , new york , was on the rough hudson river near newburgh with angelika graswald when he was thrown in on sunday evening . viafore was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak . on monday she asked friends on facebook to keep praying for her partner and hoped for a miracle .
baylee almon , 23 , was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on april 19 , 1995 , in the worst case of homegrown terrorism america has ever seen . she was planted by veteran us army soldier timothy mcveigh , killed 168 american people . a day later , it had swept the world .
 savage swan nicknamed asbaby has been pecking punters on the river cam . he was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 by river authorities . asbaby ` sticks his neck right into the punts and boats to nip passengers ' theft . he is said to have inherited his bad temper from his grandfather .
kristen jarvis , 34 , is moving on from washington after seven years of acting as the first lady 's go-to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks . the spelman college graduate admits she did not share michelle 's love of d.c. workout craze solidcore .
qasr al-farid or ` the lonely castle ' has a sad tale , standing incomplete and abandoned , looking out of place in the vast , barren landscape . believed to be constructed in the first century a.d. and situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes , linking the north and south of the arabian peninsula .
sheila elkan , 84 , lives in the house that featured as the leadbetters ' home . the great-grandmother-of-five has lived at the home in hillingdon , north-west london . her comments come after mr cameron promised he would help deliver ` the greatest sunshine ' of a job , tax cuts and a secure retirement .
alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to return to seattle-tacoma international airport monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the plane . today , the unnamed seattle airport employee revealed he might have slept much longer if it had n't been for the passengers ' bags .
nik mayall , who played scheming tory mp alan b'stard in itv series the new statesman , died suddenly aged 56 last june . probate records reveal he had no will - even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998 . lawyers have always advised that people should have a valid will to avoid tax pitfalls .
brayden travis , 18 , was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend 's house in st charles county , missouri in early march . his lungs and kidneys failed , and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage . doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state , his mother , kelly smith-miller , wrote on facebook .
social services minister scott morrison confirms the government is actively researching possible legislation changes . the hard-line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day old perth baby riley hughes . a subsequent galaxy poll found that 87 per cent of australians believe vaccinations should be mandatory .
pennyhill park has heated outdoor hot tubs , hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated swimming pool . guests include nicole kidman , cameron diaz , justin timberlake , catherine zeta-jones , michael douglas , lewis hamilton and russell crowe .
richie benaud spent a lifetime in the sun and in his final years he ruefully admitted that he was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head . the 84-year-old , who died on friday , spoke about his cancer and the treatment he was undergoing with typical candour . he had been out walking with his beloved wife daphne for 40 minutes every morning , in the hope that he could return to work .
alice kovach-suehn , 56 , was arrested last friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs . the 96-year-old told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and ` dog feces ' .
luke shambrook was lost for four nights alone in the victorian bushland . doctors say they are stunned with how healthy he had gone without food or water since good friday . the 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres from where he went missing at lake eildon national park , northeast of melbourne .
three-quarters of women never wash their own car with drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a forecourt . only five per cent of those surveyed said that had ever asked their children to wash the car , as a way for them to earn extra pocket money . factors behind the decline vary from shops now opening on a sunday and more live football on tv .
researchers from germany , canada and the united states analysed answers to the hitler question . they found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line , while women were more troubled by the act itself . other dilemmas tested included a scenario where a group of people were hiding from soldiers trying to kill them , but were about to be given away by a baby crying . the choice is whether to smother the child and save the group , or
adrian peterson is back in the national football league . it was announced today that starting friday , peterson would be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the minnesota vikings . this after a ban that has been in effect since september 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch .
robert knowles , 68 , is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959 . the pensioner has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record , which includes 200 thefts and dozens more for other dishonest offences .
singer miley cyrus decided to challenge convention and leave her underarms unshaved - perhaps she 's onto something . here , with the help of experts , we explore why being hairy may be good for you . hair follicles are also rich in stem cells - cells that never lose the capacity to renew themselves - which help the skin heal .
josh dall-leighton of windham said maine medical center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him . christine royles , 24 , of south portland , is suffering from kidney failure . she went on the national waiting list for a donor , but chose to go a different route .
alexis tsipras will meet vladimir putin in moscow today . kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas . visit will raise fears radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy . but martin schulz , the president of the european parliament , has already warned it would be ` unacceptable ' if he ` jeopardised europe 's common policy on russia ' .
roxy walsh , 34 , met with the owners , joe and jenny langley , in noosa , on queensland 's sunshine coast , on sunday to personally return the ring to the couple after less than week of searching . the snorkeler found the ring at the finns beach club in south kuta , bali on tuesday and decided to take to social media to hunt for the owner . after creating a ` find joe ' facebook page , within a
mahendra ahirwar , 12 , suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body . his weak backbone means he ca n't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position . parents say they would rather see him dead than suffer the way he is now .
the 41-year-old australian woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the new year when she started to wheeze . worried her asthma would get worse and ruin the festivities , she reached into her bag for her inhaler . her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag and she heard a ` shout rattle ' when she shook it . despite this , she ignored the noise , believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device .
the hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris-based tv5 monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning . the channel 's director , yves bigot , said the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs , not live content .
life expectancy for older women has fallen after decades of rises as unhealthy lifestyles and cuts to social care take their toll . the predicted life spans of women aged 65 , 75 , 85 and 95 fell in 2012 -- the first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded . by 2013 , the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks -- five weeks less than in 2011 .
margaret bates , from mottram , tameside , said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her 17-year-old daughter kelly-anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover james smith . too traumatised to speak about her only daughter 's death until now , mrs bates said she was consumed by one thought .
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim . she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted after being forced into her car . he then driven to isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants . the little girl 's body was found in the woods near calais 90 minutes after she was taken away .
niloofar rahmani , 23 , has defied death threats from the terror group and even members of her own extended family to become the first female fixed-wing air force aviator in afghanistan 's history . last week she and nine other women from across the world were awarded the u.s secretary of state 's international women of courage award .
the fad involves women tying a blue ribbon under the breasts and in a loop over the arms , tying them at the back , so every time they lift their arms , their curves become more prominent . the concept was inspired by a popular ` anime ' cartoon character whose ribbon-bound arms and chest has become her signature .
the 25-year-old royal , who has been living in the us for a year now , looked glamorous as she arrived at the for the love of cinema dinner in new york city on thursday . the cousin of princes william and harry looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment .
ian gibson , 55 , was a lauded figure among u.s. safari enthusiasts , who would commission him to slaughter prized animals near his home in south africa . on wednesday , he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant when the animal charged , and knelt on gibson until he died . his american client , who was also present , has not been identified .
german body-painting artist joerg duesterwald spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings . the stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest near langenfeld , germany , yesterday . his shoots are complex and he works hard to ensure that the camera settings and location are perfect to get the best quality images .
roy day , 29 , and gerard lundie , 26 , targeted 13 homes over four months . they were each jailed for five years and four months at birmingham crown court . the crooks stole a kia car from the drive of a property in castle bromwich , birmingham , on october 20 which was later found abandoned .
the 89-year-old is set to make a guest appearance in the bbc soap next week as sister ruth . her character will offer advice to jessie wallace 's character kat moon , who is suicidal after struggling to deal with sexual abuse she suffered as a child . she has also starred in hit terry and june and three installments of the popular carry on film series .
synaesthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together . the results for 400 synesthetes with 10 or more letters matching the toy . rows correspond to participants and columns to letters . the colours along the bottom represent the most frequently chosen colour label for each letter .
tippi hedren married melanie griffith as her stepbrother is opening up about the infamous lion film the two made with their parents , roar . they worked , and lived , with lions for the 11 years they made the film , and now , john marshall , son of director noel marshall . the film roar became infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production .
leanne kenny , 23 , from northwich , cheshire , ballooned to almost 20st after snacking on leftover goods at her place of work . the supermarket worker would snack on bumper bars of chocolate , baked goods and fizzy drinks going cheap because of their sell-by dates .
marli van breda , 16 , was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed during an attack in january . the attack took place in her family 's south african home on january 27 and marli is now suffering from retrograde amnesia . doctors say the former presbyterian ladies ' college student may never remember what happened on the fateful day she tragically lost her father , mother and eldest brother .
campaigners are calling for the government to implement an almost 90-year-old law that would fix the date of easter in a bid to boost the economy . after next month 's general election , ministers could be asked to make sure easter day always falls between april 9 and 15 .
a number of people are currently paying around # 150 a week to live in flats in exclusive parts of mayfair and covent garden in london . under conservative plans to give tenants chance to own their own homes , people living in these plush properties could now get the chance to buy them . properties form part of affordable housing because of agreements with developers to provide low-cost provisions when new developments are built over a certain size .
president barack obama announced today $ 200 million in additional u.s. humanitarian aid to iraq . but declined to say whether washington would provide apache helicopters , drones and other arms to baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against isis . ' i think this is why we are having this meeting : to make sure that iraqi security forces are in a position to succeed in our common mission , ' he told a reporter .
america 's capital grille is filled with underwood wannabes : senators and governors with razor tongues and egos to match . the decor suggests an atmosphere of civility and restraint , while stuffed heads of deer and bison are redolent of a new england country mansion .
prime minister said seven key tory policies would help get people on to property ladder by building more homes and cutting the cost of saving for a deposit . said ` greatest sunshine that there can possibly be ' included helping more people but their own home , as well as getting a job and having dignity in retirement .
a photo of a young woman sprawled out on a tiled-floor was used to advertise their easter weekend event - just a week after the owner 's son was convicted of raping a teenage girl . the 23-year-old privileged son of andrew lazarus was jailed for at least three years for the crime on march 27 . the photo 's caption said : ` we 're throwing an extra special yeezter event tonight . free entry till 10pm and $ 5 drinks till
jake shaw , 21 , fell from the upper floor of the scout centre in switzerland . he had been celebrating the swiss national day with friends with drinking games called ` power hour ' and ` ring of fire ' . after consuming a large amount of beer in the staff room he returned to his room at around 2.45 am in a ` very drunk state ' . coroner concluded that jake 's death was an accident .
hannah moore , 20 , of broxburn in west lothian , had suffered stretchmarks . mother-of-twins posted images of her post-pregnancy stretchmarks on instagram . she said : ` nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful ' . but two minutes later , the mother of twins claims her account was deleted .
a video posted on facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way . the passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving causing a plastic bag with a ` substantial amount of money ' to be blown out . weatherford police department said all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens .
biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the mohamed naguib metro station as a kitten in 2010 - but soon became to big to escape . he survived thanks to an elderly man named uncle abdo who fed him scraps of food every day . now , the feline in finally free thanks to a social media campaign .
chantelle doherty , 21 , was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man . she bluffed her way in and stole several bottles of whisky , a decanter and a phone . her friend martin lawrence , 27 , also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work .
audrie pott , 15 , killed herself in 2012 after she was sexually assaulted at a friend 's party in saratoga , california . she awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body . her parents filed a civil lawsuit against the boys to hold them more accountable for their actions .
vietnamese binh wagner , 3 , and her identical twin phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to alagille syndrome . but when her father michael chose her to receive his liver , which was a perfect match . now , thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor , binh and her sister phus are both on their road to recovery .
sheriff mbye , also 18 , died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds in a scuffle outside a kfc restaurant in northfield , birmingham . police were called to bristol road south in birmingham just before 5pm on friday to reports of a stabbing . the 19-year-old man has also suffered serious stab wounds being treated by customers at a nearby barbershop .
dante de blasio has been accepted into several top colleges including ivy league universities yale and brown . the mayor 's son , who is 17 and a senior at brooklyn technical high school will make his decision by the end of the month . despite his six figure salary as mayor and six figure rental income from the two properties he and his wife own .
louise nesbitt was employed at perth mining exploration company dragon mountain gold . on january 12 , she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter 's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm . she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents .
researchers found anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol restored movement to mice paralysed by rodent version of multiple sclerosis . in laboratory tests , they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin , the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease .
 expedition 42 commander barry wilmore and flight engineer terry virts recorded three spacewalks on gropro cameras . the clip was recorded to give the future iss workers an idea of what they can expect when they go into space to maintain the commercial spacecraft . in the footage virts and wilmore can be seen repairing the robotic arm of the space station and installing a new communication system . construction of the iss began on 20 november 1998 . it supports a crew of up to six , with
former nida graduate shannon dooley has founded ` retrosweat ' - an eighties-inspired aerobics class in the style of jane fonda 's iconic workouts . the 30-year-old says class goers tend to adopt a complete alter ego as their costume collection grows .
ukip , which will today unveil its manifesto , has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls . a party strategist said ` something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list . but ukip campaign chiefs have adopted a ` shotgun ' approach with a far fewer targets .
justin jackson , a florida man , has been carrying out bizarre schemes in the hope of cashing in on the freebies . jackson is being sued by oprah 's tv network as well as love . angel agarrat , also named in a lawsuit attempting to get the pair to stop posing as other people .
lisa courtney , of hertfordshire , has spent most of her life collecting pokemon memorabilia of all shapes and sizes . the 26-year-old has amassed so many during her 17-year hobby , she now holds the guinness world record for the largest collection of pokemon items .
the two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years . the grey and white areas reveal higher peaks , while darker blues show deep craters , is oceanus procellarum , which is latin for ` ocean of storms ' .
married father-of-one maajid nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east london . footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs , which is against the venue 's policy . staff said he had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been ` outrageous ' .
the five-year-old was not the most likely candidate to take on six heavily armed troops . but that did not stop the palestinian youngster , dressed in full combat gear , from attempting to pelt israeli police with stones . the bemused officers , equipped with helmets and body armour , calmly watched as the child launched his own assault before racing away .
delroy facey , 34 , is accused of conspiring with non-league player moses swaibu and others to commit bribery . the former premier league striker is also alleged to have told a contact that some football conference teams would ` do ' a game in return for payment . he is alleged to be involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches .
david adam pate from lancaster , north carolina , told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old ricky james 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in november 2013 . during an interview after his arrest , he even blamed the victim for the murder , saying : ` it was his fault . why would anyone go drinking and go into the woods with someone who looks like me ? ' . during the sentencing hearing , james 's
siblings will no longer be given priority for school places amid rising competition . wandsworth council announced it is set to remove rule giving automatic place . 80,000 children face missing out on preferred primary school . four in ten pupils expected not to get a place at favourite school . change also considered in leeds and expected to spread to local authorities .
footage of one of the attacks shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey , as the water all around turns bloody . although killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent , this is the first time they have been seen around britain . and with porpoises similar in size to grown men , it raises concerns that swimmers could be next .
kseniya soukeras , who is due in august , wants to name her unborn child . her husband nicholas prefers the greek name spyridon after his own father . because they have been unable to settle their disagreement privately , the couple has turned to the general public to help them make a decision .
ryan wray , 26 , was formally charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse in relation to a series of alleged assaults that occurred between last october and his march 24 arrest . wray served as the 2013 and 2014 pi kappa alpha president , tasked with keeping safe women who ` could no longer take care of themselves ' at the off-campus frat house . the woman , who said she was drunk at the time , discussed the incident with other women who then reported having similar experiences
alfred guy vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 , on prince edward island last august . he screamed : ` you 've sentenced me to life and i sent them to death ' . the judge called the brutal double-murder an act of ` hatred and misdirected vengeance ' .
the alarm clock , called wak , rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound . it emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner . it uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat . it also has built in rechargeable batteries and a wi-fi connected processor .
analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of fossil fuel under the home counties . potential goldmine in the weald basin , across surrey , sussex , hampshire and kent could meet up to a third of britain 's oil demand within 15 years , according to consortium .
yazidi girl has recently been released after nearly a year as a prisoner in the islamic state . women and young girls from the religious minority are known to be kept as ` sex slaves ' . earlier this week more than 200 yazidi women , children and elderly were released near kirkuk , northern iraq after being taken by isis militants last june . 216 prisoners , including 40 children , believed they were being led to their execution , but instead , were piled onto minib
the donor , who is known to church officials , sent the money along with a note , said they wanted to safeguard the church ` for the next hundred years ' . the cash will be put towards the abbey 's restoration fund , which is aiming to raise # 20million to repair the collapsing floor , fit heating powered by the bath springs .
amy hughes , 26 , decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year . the sports therapist started her first marathon in chester on august 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in manchester on september 27 . incredibly , the challenge saw amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record .
newcastle on a friday will do perfectly well . but if it 's real wild life you 're after , then a british safari is extraordinarily rewarding . they 're all easy to reach , require no deep knowledge , and the wildlife is as reliable as a wild thing can be .
a 30-year-old woman , known only as hollie , wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in september 2013 . she said that she endured months of constant dizziness , altered temperature perception , extreme fatigue , numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression . the celebrity chef has been a proud paleo advocate .
the search for missing woman jessica bialek is over after she returned to her home this evening . the 37-year-old had been missing since about 8:30 am on wednesday morning . her husband , sabino matera , confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30 pm on thursday . police thanked the public and media for their help in locating the mother-of-one .
ryan reaves was checked face-first into the glass by chicago blackhawks defenseman brent seabrook . the st. louis blues forward went to the bench and pulled out his own tooth . reaves is n't the only hockey player to make headlines for being tough in the last week .
researchers at hadassah medical school in jerusalem found pregnancy helps regenerate tissue . for older women it could help them feel young again , almost literally . appearing to bloom is not just cosmetic side effect of carrying a child . in older , pregnant mice around 96 per cent had regenerated .
the wmo hurricane committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group . as the name of an ancient goddess of egypt , isis had been on the wmo list of names for hurricanes in 2016 . isis stands accused of committing brutal atrocities against civilians by un war crimes investigators .
kathy hughes , 12 , said she was ` downright proud ' of her father , who was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol last week . doug hughes called his 80-mile journey to the capitol ' a huge thrill ' and shared footage of the flight from virginia , across washington d.c. on monday . he is currently under house arrest in florida .
julia van herck , 42 , from fulham , west london , underwent surgery after ballooning to 23 stone after tying the knot with stefan in 1993 . wore a size 26 to size 28 and would regularly comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas because she was scared her husband might leave her . she has since slimmed down to 11 stone and is a size 12 .
jalila was kidnapped from her home in the iraq region of yazidi . the 12-year-old girl was tied up , beaten and raped for by seven isis fighters . she was taken with seven members of her family when arab men stormed her village north of sinjar in august 2014 . the group is taking over swathes of territory in syria and iraq .
the creature , named hyalinobatrachium dianae , was found in the mountains of eastern costa rica and has a distinctive call . the animal 's heart , liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible . scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog , given that a through survey of the region was conducted late last century .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen at a woolworths supermarket on easter sunday . she was due to marry her partner of five years on saturday . police have launched a state-wide search for a high school teacher . her fianc aaron leeson-woolley said her disappearance is reported to be out of character .
map was created by writer levi pearson who used a ufo sighting center and open source software from cartodb . it shows sightings of extra-terrestrials around the world in the last 76 years . the number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world .
the battle between lenders has intensified in recent months , plunging home loan rates to their lowest in history . but the mortgage wars will erupt again next week after hsbc announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix . experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind .
the winning contestants with andrew parker of mi5 were allowed inside the service 's hq . the budding young bonds were chosen from among 5,700 other hopefuls . jamie , 13 , reuben , 13 and ten-year-old finley were selected after a series of ` difficult ' tests to show they are young spies .
emma hannigan had her breasts and ovaries removed in 2006 . the 42-year-old was told in 2005 that she carried the faulty brca1 gene . she opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year . despite the drastic surgery , she has battled the disease nine times .
youtuber dave hax 's innovative new kitcken trick lets cooks peel potatoes without using a peeler . the process starts by taking a sharp knife and running the blade carefully around the middle of the potato . the next step is to simply use your fingers to gently pull the skin off the cooked potato .
zachary davis was 15 when he bludgeoned his mother 's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to kill his elder sibling josh . on tuesday , a court in hendersonville heard how davis laughed as he killed his mother melanie davis in august 2012 , leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing . davis is charged with first-degree murder and aggravated arson and the court was shown gruesome
nadine crooks , 33 , was stunned to discover she was expecting again . stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome following the birth of her son joshua 18 months ago . doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again after cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries .
more than 700 asiatic black bears , over a third of those held in captivity in vietnam , have allegedly been butchered in the past year alone . farmers claim the extinction-threatened bears are dying from disease and old age , but sources say owners are killing them to ` extract the last ounce of blood ' .
students at mcguffey high school in washington county encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school . the event was held last thursday and students report that openly gay pupils had bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters .
robin weld of sacramento has installed a hybrid sink-toilet in response to the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by governor jerry brown last week . weld 's neighbor chris brown is using the left over water from his showers , laundry and other tasks to irrigate his yard .
flight lieutenant stephen beaumont took his beloved teddy bear with him on every spitfire and defiant flight he took to defend britain from the aerial onslaught from hitler 's luftwaffe . the pilot gave his teddy a raf tie and printed the royal crest , the letters am for air ministry and his nickname ` bea ' on his chest .
ed sheeran , who is currently touring new zealand , took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in auckland hospital . an ecstatic ms knight said she ` could n't stop smiling ' following the memorable visit . the teenager had to endure countless chemotherapy treatments and a bone marrow transplant , which meant she was forced to give up her tickets .
richard rogers , a hawaii shipwreck chaser , worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii . the sunken yacht , which became known as ` pride of hawaii ' , was 83-feet-long and considered the first luxury ocean-going yacht in the united states when it sunk just off kauai in april 1824 .
the robot , named bb-8 , took to the stage at star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california , where it literally ran rings around retro droid on its spherical body . jj abrams , the film 's director , confirmed that a real robot was used during filming , but did not reveal how it works .
sir david nicholson is the latest expert to warn ed miliband 's plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going . he was branded the ` man with no shame ' after refusing to resign over the mid staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths . sir david stayed in top job , insisting he did not know what went on .
nigel short , 49 , said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking . but critics pointed out that he lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster . mr short , who was the first english player to play a world chess championship match , made the comments when explaining why there were so few women in competitive chess .
mary kay letourneau , 53 , and vili fualaau , 31 , spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with barbara walters for ' 20/20 , which will air tonight . the couple , who have two teenage daughters , met when she was in her second grade class in seattle .
davion navar henry only , 16 , became the face of adoption and an example of all the struggles faced by many teenagers in the system when in 2013 he stood up in a suit and told worshipers at florida 's st mark missionary baptist church . ` my name is davion and i 've been in foster care since i was born . i know god has n't given up on me , so i 'm not giving up either , ' he then said
after a heavy night of drinking , your immune system is bound to be weaker . now , for the first time , researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin e found in foods such as kale and almonds , can mitigate the stress on immune cells . when a virus or other pathogen enters our bodies , a certain class of immune cells - the t cells0 jump into action , spreading rapidly .
 visual health studios in colorado has developed a weight loss app . it calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight . shown on the left is tv star james corden at his current weight , 210lbs -lrb- 95kg -rrb- , and on the right he is seen after digitally losing 50lbs -rr- . users are shown an original and a slimmer version , with a slider , so they can compare how they would look before and after losing
clinton 's armored chevy van stopped in iowa on tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle that hauled the former secretary of state from new york to the american midwest . unlike on monday when hillary stopped at an ohio chipotle for lunch , she popped into a coffee house in le claire , iowa , for a cup of joe . and at tuesday 's stop people actually recognized her .
mohammed waqar , 23 , and mohammed siddique , 60 , are accused of assaulting the youngster at the uk islamic mission 's jamia mosque in sparkbrook , birmingham . the boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the mosque between may 1 and june 13 last year .
the letter , dated may 7 , 1912 , was sent from white star lines to christopher moody , the brother of 24-year-old officer james moody . in it , company bosses demand # 20 - the equivalent of # 2,000 in today 's money - to return his body to england , and state that christopher will have to pick up the tab from there .
nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen . when she could n't find it , she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it up , but there was no way of checking . half a year later , the mystery was solved when the mother-of-three , based in sitka , alaska , saw a facebook post saying a wedding ring had been found in an ` unusual place ' .
kendall schler crept onto the go ! st. louis marathon 's course last weekend after the last checkpoint , did n't record any of her times electronically along the way . her third-place finish last year also was wiped out after officials could n't find evidence that she crossed any of that event 's checkpoints .
the high-end resort , which opened in 2010 , is renowned as being one of the best in the algarve for a luxury family holiday . despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here and the golden sand being warm beneath your toes , the water is cold . the resort is set within 25 hectares in the protected costa vicentina natural park .
delonte martistee , 22 , of bainbridge , georgia , and ryan calhoun , 23 , were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between march 10 and 12 . the unidentified victim believes she was drugged before the incident . authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case .
nasa has released an infographic detailing the various worlds of our solar system suspected to have subsurface oceans . it followed claims by dr ellen stofan , chief scientist for the agency , that we could find life in the next 10 or 20 years . there at least 200 billion earth-like planets in our galaxy .
marisa curlen , a native of rye , new york , was a sophomore at the harrisonburg college and a member of the alpha phi sorority . police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death , but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play .
cristina coria , a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child , helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband 's custom-painted blue 2003 chevy stepside . in order to make it happen , the houston resident got a little help from facebook .
andras janos vass , 25 , was found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering felonies this week after grooming fellow hungarians online . vass brought men to america with the promises of easy work and high wages - then took their travel documents , threatened their families . three of vass 's victims testified against him at the trial .
the advance is widely seen as an isis attempt at an counteroffensive . american troops previously fought some of their bloodiest battles against al-qaida insurgents . prior to the current bout of fighting , some 400,000 iraqis were already displaced , including 60,000 in ramadi district .
just over 60 per cent of americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change . but within the us , opinions on global warming vary wildly between states , local communities , and congressional districts . people in california , for instance , are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central us .
the brutal murder of emmanuel sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench . anti-immigrant violence has spread across south africa in recent weeks and the government has sent in troops to control the riots . the four men accused of his murder will remain in custody until a full trial , set to be held on may 4th .
all flights were halted for about 20 minutes after the potential drone sighting raised fears that the unmanned aerial vehicle could collide with a passenger jet . some flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted to other airports while a police helicopter scoured the area shortly after 11:30 am . the civil aviation authority has successfully prosecuted two uav operators for safety breaches .
anaesthetic gases are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide . scientists at the swiss federal laboratories for material science and technology in dubendorf , switzerland , say they are having an increasing effect on the climate . the world needs to prepare itself for a rapid increase in the speed of climate change .
the national guard was first activated in ferguson in august after missouri governor jay nixon declared a state of emergency when riots and looting broke out . an internal report has revealed the heavily-militarized guard referred to protesters as ` enemy forces ' during demonstrations last year . many in the community accused the national guard of making an already tense situation worse .
the harry potter books have sold more than 450 million copies since the first was published in 1997 . by scanning the brains of participants as they read passages from the collection , researchers discovered ` arousing words ' affected parts associated with emotion . the emotional potential of words is rated in terms of valence and arousal ratings . valence refers to how positive or negative a word is , while arousal refers to its ` physiological intensity ' , or the extent to which it affects the reader and their view of the
david cameron has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy , the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family . dunphy is often mocked by his wife claire , but has become one of the best loved characters for his pearls of wisdom dubbed ` phil 's - osophy ' .
 almond growers in california are at the centre of a row over water usage during one of the worst droughts in decades . state supplies more than three-quarters of the world 's $ 4.93 billion -lrb- # 3.3 bn -rrb- almond market , is in its fourth year of drought .
google introduced the app in february as a ` safer ' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to ` family-focused content ' . but the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it 's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials .
graham palmer , 52 , has been giving safety announcements and other messages in verse since last year when northern rail encouraged their guards to give their addresses a festive flavour . rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since . palmer even customises the self-penned couplets according to stations his carriages are passing through .
texas health resources filed a response on friday to the march 2 lawsuit by nurse nina pham . pham , who remains employed at texas health presbyterian hospital dallas but has not returned to work . a man visiting dallas from liberia , thomas eric duncan , died october 8 at the hospital .
zella jackson price , 76 , and melanie diane gilmore , 49 , met in-person at price 's olivette home . when price gave birth at homer g. phillips hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died . but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption .
thabo sefolosha was wrestled over by officers and grabbed around the neck last week on the same night that indiana pacers player chris copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 oak club in chelsea , new york . the 6 ' 7 '' swingman was arrested alongside teammate pero anti for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene .
 stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against influenza a strain h3n2 and influenza b strain b/phuket . decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere as the vaccine was not a good match to fight against the two types of flu .
tyrus byrd , 40 , was sworn into office in parma last week , but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force , the city attorney , clerk and water treatment supervisor . there are 713 people living in the community and 57percent are white and 41percent are black .
the mhox eye concept is designed to replace and enhance the vision . the group plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight . while currently still just a concept , the project raises the prospect of what bio-engineering may make possible in years to come .
the revered writer , who penned shawshank redemption and the shining , slammed warner brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and tv mini-series . finally , three years later , things are back on track - this time with sony . the movie and tv version is said to mainly stem from the first novel , the gunslinger , focusing on the lead character roland .
cindy santamaria-williams , of stroudsburg , pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on easter sunday . she tearfully told wpxi that she shushed three girls in the dark theater during fast and furious 7 because they were cursing loudly . police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said they will face assault charges if caught .
young thai fisherman caught standing on the bank of what appears to be a lake , holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod . approaching the water , the young boy reels rapidly , but at this point it is n't clear whether or not he has hooked anything . as it splashes about , the youngster puts his hand into the lake and plucks it out .
reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children and many of the schemes are hilarious and genius . one reddit user 's mother used her son 's naughty behaviour as a cheap means to improve her house . every time he stepped out of line , she set him a diy task in her garden , anytime i did anything to piss her off i had to add to her garden . when i told her i was failing english back in high school my punishment was
marilyn zuniga , a teacher at forest street school in orange , new jersey , was suspended friday . the letters were delivered to mumia abu-jamal in prison following his hospitalization last month for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes . she has now been suspended without pay , pending an investigation .
the collective ceremony , which was billed the first of its kind to be held in china , was organised by a new social media app designed for pets . a traditional wedding march played as the love-struck pooches were led down the aisle by their owners to ` exchange vows ' and receive marriage certificates .
shadow chancellor refused to rule out five-point rise in corporation tax . he was evasive about 40p rate of income tax into which millions of people have been dragged in recent years . main rate has been brought down under coalition from 28 per cent to 21 per cent . he would only commit to keeping main rate ` lowest in g7 ' group of countries .
the wonderland house in brighton sleeps up to 24 , with tea party sets , queen of heart themed bunk beds , or alternatively try the snug looking glass cottage . the dining room comes complete with engraved quotes from the book , with them mirrored on the other side and if you are looking at them through a looking glass .
the number of australians visiting bali was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year , with more arriving than any other nationality . indonesia institute president ross taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of bali nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns .
cleopatra was known for her love of perfume , liberally applying lotus and rose oil to her upper lip . ` we know she made her own perfumes and would certainly have worn it to increase her powers of seduction , ' says mandy aftel , perfume historian and author of fragrant .
the singer , who will be performing four sold-out shows in may , has written a public letter to the just group imploring them to cease their use of angora wool . the australian retail giant , who own just jeans , portmans , dotti , peter alexander , jacqui e , and jay jays , have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur .
since barbie 's style instagram account launched last august , swarms of fashion lovers have become fans of her ` official style feed ' . racked recently got the behind-the-scenes scoop on all the outfit changes , international trips , and vip invites that go into producing the doll 's hugely popular page .
ophelia conant had managed to crawl backwards through a gap in the cot . the furniture boss supplied the beds , phillip dickens , who was described as the ` king of diy ' was today fined # 50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence . days later a second toddler was found dangling from the # 450 bed with his forehead jammed against the horizontal handrail .
grand rapids , michigan police have an arrest warrant out for suspect jalin smith-walker in connection to the monday evening fight . in december , she was arrested for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting . the fight starts off with a few punches , and moves to the two girls brawling on a car .
stefan stoykov , a senior at north central high school in indianapolis , indiana , moved to the us from bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of english . now 18 , he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet .
chloe jackson , 19 , appeared on today 's this morning to talk about how facebook makes her feel lonely . in comparison , 43 per cent of 18 to 34-year-olds admitted they wished they had more friends . a third of the under 34 year-olds said they found it hard to make new friends .
defence secretary michael fallon led ferocious assault on labour leader . claimed he is a ` backstabber ' who can not be trusted not to sell out in deal . also pointed to survey suggesting up to three-quarters of labour election candidates oppose the replacement of trident . business and skills minister nick boles , a close ally of david cameron , went further .
the spikes were installed two years ago in an attempt to stop anti-social behaviour , not target the homeless . critics say they have been put in because they are uncomfortable to sleep on and installed on areas which used to be benches . mcdonald 's has defended the use of the spikes , claiming they were installed in two years .
aluel manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the royal children 's about 5.15 pm on friday , and greeted her distraught mother , akon goode , with a ` big hug ' , her father said . the five-year-old girl who survived when a car driven by her mother plunged into a lake believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles .
the oklahoma transportation network company services act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity . however , sen. jason smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination . the new version of the bill faced fierce criticism from sen. john sparks , a norman democrat who tried unsuccessfully to amend the measure .
real estate expert michelle hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home for prospective buyers . the house on the market and last sold four years ago for $ 5.5 m . putting in new lights and light fittings can make a home stand out , just like this home for sale in sandy bay in tasmania .
australian entrepreneur jo burston , 43 , achieved a turnover of $ 40 million in her first four years of business . the award-winning tech entrepreneur 's ballsy attitude helped land her an investor in very unusual circumstances for her first business job capital . she was running a services company with an 80 million dollar turnover and realised i wanted more .
philip hammond pledged to protect the falklands from ` argentinian bullying ' . it follows a provocative speech by argentina president cristina fernandez de kirchner . argentine government said it was taking legal action against three british and two us companies .
hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis . she has called for the new tips from former smokers ad , commissioned by the centers for disease control and prevention , to be banned . the 30 second ad features julia , 58 , of mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old .
oscar wilde notoriously said he had nothing to declare but his genius . other passengers , as jon frost hilariously recounts , try to sneak through red and green channels considerably more heavily laden . during his long career as a customs specialist at london airports , frost has had ` to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you ' .
karen buckley , 24 , disappeared from the glasgow caledonia university . she was last seen leaving the man 's flat in kelvindale at around 4am on sunday . cctv cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club . but fears over the irish student 's safety were heightened yesterday . miss buckley has flown to scotland to help with the search for her home .
jobless keith macdonald , 29 , from sunderland in tyne and wear , has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers . he is said to have already cost the taxpayer over # 2m . he was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he 's split from the unborn child 's mother .
the man , found on the streets of gniezno in western poland in february , told police he has no memory of who he is or where he is from . in the hope that someone will recognise the mystery man , local police have released pictures and information and are working with experts to try to identify where his accent is .
freddie gray , 27 , died sunday after he ` had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' following his arrest by four bicycle officers for violation that 's being kept ` secret ' . baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake vowed to ensure the city held ` the right people accountable ' after his early-morning death at the university of maryland shock trauma center . in a video of the arrest , it appears the officers dragged gray to a police van while he
dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help nermin kancefer months after she moved in to his # 615,000 flat . he disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years . his family challenged the will but agreed a # 50,000 settlement in august after they were told legal costs could reach six figures .
robin esser has worked in national newspapers for 60 years . his best stories are from his days as editor of the william hickey gossip column in the daily express . he answered the phone and an aristocratic voice said : ` marlborough here . that awful chap bedford has been round blenheim writing `` woburn is better ' .
david cameron is said to have watched bake off in the past which could explain these cake cases . many of the unusual trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites which often include a ` gift ' category , should you want to bring politics into their special day . ukip have focused on a more wearable range of accessories .
channel ten show the project has apologised after mistakenly using footage of the wrong african-american comic when promoting upcoming guest on the show . the project was promoting their upcoming interview with us comedian michael che . che and pharoah are both in australia to perform a string of shows at melbourne 's international comedy festival .
customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after french air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month . they were asked to provide an airline letter confirming the cancellation , but easyjet told its hard-hit passengers to pay a # 10 fee . association of european airlines confirmed last night that no other airline has attempted to charge for this .
in essex and kent crime victims are waiting up to a third longer for a response . police response times in some areas have been increased by up to 50 per cent . labour 's shadow home secretary yvette cooper said the victims of crime were being put at risk . in bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes .
robert ewing , 60 , is accused of murdering 15-year-old paige chivers . he called police two weeks prior to the killing to see how officers would react to her disappearance . ewing was arrested in connection with her disappearance in september last year and is currently on trial at preston crown court .
omura 's whale was discovered on a remote exmouth beach in wa . it is the first sighting of the species in wa and only the second in australia . identifying the 5.68 m juvenile female was at first difficult for department of parks and wildlife staff . environment minister albert jacob said the find was ` highly significant ' for whale scientists because very little was known about the species .
the duchess of cambridge wore a # 35 asos polka-dot dress to seraphine shifts . the 33-year-old wore a brown shirt dress from hobbs to visit foster carers . she was once a die-hard fan and has had to make way for it .
mohammed nisar , 55 , had been driving sole trader adrian quinn to walsall train station when the passenger hopped out of the vehicle in a rush , forgetting his rucksack . he had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque from his inheritance following the death of his mother . mr quinn , 46 , said : ` losing that money would have been the end of my business ' .
the orcasub takes you 2000 feet beneath the surface in two pressurised perspex viewing domes for optimum exploration . sleek , silent and somewhat expensive , this submarine is the perfect toy for the underwater wildlife-lover . adventurers can explore up to 2,000 ft below the surface at a speed of 6 knots per hour .
erica ann ginneti , 35 , pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor . during her sentencing , montgomery county court judge garrett d. page reportedly asked ` what young man would not jump on that candy ? ' . before sentencing her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student .
deputy labour leader has refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes . asked if party would raise levy on petrol , she said : ` we will put up the top rate of tax ' . chancellor george osborne yesterday said remarks showed labour would bring back the ` fuel duty escalator ' .
austrian designers , maya pindeus , 24 , and johanna pichlbauer , 25 , have created a robot that takes the effort out of applying make-up . the device applies eyeliner with a long black brush , while an attachment smears lipstick on lips , before lighting up when the process is complete .
graeme finlay , 53 , is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillips while on board a cruise ship . the couple were ambushed outside their room by a passenger who had earlier sat with them in the restaurant . finlay claims he was ` ignored ' when he joined their table and so moved to another after looking at the menu . mr phillip said he had drunk about three gin and tonics when he and his wife headed back to their cabin
dave heeley , 57 , ran the gruelling challenge over six days as he battled through sand dunes , dried river beds and rocks . super-fit father-of-three took part in the marathon des sables where competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can rise to 50 degrees .
royal college of nursing said nurses faced five years of pay freezes . patient groups said packages were indefensible when patients were seeing spiralling waiting times and cuts to routine procedures . professor jane dacre , president of the royal college of physicians , called for an independent review of top nhs pay .
dzhokhar tsarnaev 's 8-year-old son martin died at the finish line of the boston marathon on april 15 , 2013 , after the tsarnaev brothers set off twin pressure cooker bombs . the richards have asked that tsarnaev be spared the death penalty so that they can finally get closure on the darkest chapter of their lives . the penalty phase of the trial starts next week , in which the jury will decide whether to sentence tsarnaev to death or life in prison
the 34-year-old star of the only way is essex has launched her updated fashion range for plus-size retailer evans . showcased the collection this evening at one of the high street chain 's flagship stores in manchester . appeared like a breath of fresh spring air in a floral number from her collection .
there are now 120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county , about 30 miles north of louisville , kentucky . that 's up from 106 last week , said the indiana state department of health . officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested .
sabrina osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in naracoorte on sunday . she was driving a friend 's car about 110km south to mount gambier in south australia 's southeast . the 25-year-old was nowhere in sight when she did n't return the police were contacted at about 7.30 pm on monday .
the eight-inch , 250-year-old sex toy was discovered during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship in the coastal city of gdansk . it was found in the latrine and dates back to the second half of the 18th century . the artifact has now been taken away for preservation work .
survey by insurer direct line followed by atm cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges for booking items such as air travel . 31 per cent said they should be free , while 31 % said they are too high . most atms are free to use , but those in places such as nightclubs and some corner shops can charge around # 1.50 .
noelle baynham was found by a friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door . the body had been partially eaten by the jack russell and staffordshire bull terrier . it is believed the 61-year-old collapsed and died following an accidental overdose of medication . a pathologist could not determine the exact cause of death .
waitrose announced early arrival of its first british tomatoes of the year . it is stocking large jack hawkins , aromatic red choice and tiny baby plums . strawberries are already on the shelves - far earlier than normal . morrisons predicted britain would have best crop of asparagus for nearly a decade .
abdul hadi arwani , 48 , a fierce critic of president bashar al-assad , may have been assassinated by the governing regime in his home country . father of six was found slumped in a volkswagen passat with wounds to his chest on a street in wembley on tuesday morning . it emerged metropolitan police counter-terrorism officers were leading the inquiry because of its potential ` international dimensions ' .
the city of 100,000 souls on the shores of lake titicaca could leave you breathless for all the wrong reasons . situated on a vast plateau in the andes , at an altitude north of 13,000 ft , it is higher than any alpine ski resort , and you need to go gently the first few days you 're here .
naomi , 44 , and jourdan have been unveiled as the faces of burberry 's new eyewear range . the second joint campaign for the catwalk stars sees them cuddling up on set and modelling the seasonal styles inspired by gabardine - a fabric invented by thomas burberry .
reaping with beauty and health benefits , experts say it 's time to replace coconut oil with pumpkin seed oil , which is being touted as the new must-have . pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins a , k and e , as well as vital minerals and fatty acids , which can help strengthen hair .
the 16-year-old was caught after an investigation was launched by the north west counter-terrorism unit in january . the dark web is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods online without being found by traditional search engines . today he pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at manchester youth court .
jia huaijin , 33 , now hand-makes swords in rural china that sell for up to # 22,000 each -- nearly 18 times the monthly salary of chinese president xi jinping or the average price for a 750-square-foot flat in shanghai . mr jia uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords , which are highly sought after by international collectors from as far as canada .
a young boy covered in blood was dragged from the scene of a suicide bomb attack in afghanistan early saturday morning . he was near a bank in jalalabad when the attacker detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle , killing 35 people and injuring another 125 . the group , which included military personnel as well as civilians , were waiting to receive their monthly salaries as crowds bustled around them . islamic state has since claimed responsibility for the attack .
the australian fashion crowd are following in their footsteps by taking their children along to mercedes-benz fashion week 2014 . the offspring of some of sydney 's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of ellery , alice mccall and maticevski .
the united states has deployed the aircraft carrier uss theodore roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off the embattled country . the cargo ships ' presence raised fears within the saudi-led coalition which is helping yemen 's government fight off iranian-backed rebels known as the houthis . the coalition of arab countries backed by america continued its aerial assault on the rebels in the country today , killing at least 20 in the capital sana'a . their assault is
the knightsbridge flat , london , is on sale for a fraction of the price of neighbouring homes . the cost would work out at # 191,000 per month - around the going rate for renting a three-bedroom flat in the area . if any buyer decides to extend the lease , the property could be worth upwards of # 6 million .
janek zylinski , the aristocratic son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after declaring he had ` enough ' of the ukip leader . he said : ` so what i 'd like us to meet in hyde park one morning , with our swords , and resolve this matter ' .
isabelle obert , who runs nurture me fertility , believes a diet rich in minerals , vitamins , essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman 's body for conception . ` many of us are leaving it until much later to start trying for a family , by which time our fertility may not be what it was ' .
labour leader said the bobby on the beat is ` at risk of disappearing ' . rising numbers of serious criminals ` are being let off the hook ' . but launch of labour 's criminal justice plans risked being over-shadowed . comes after chaotic launch of plan to abolish non-dom tax status for foreigners .
glynis bensley , 47 , was murdered by petri kurti , 13 , in smethwick , west midlands . he boasted about the savage attack and was jailed for a minimum of 12 years today . co-defendant zoheb majid was sentenced to 10 years behind bars for manslaughter and robbery .
clarkson , 55 , said being given the warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life . in an attempt to explain his state of mind at the time of the attack , he said : ` two days before the `` fracas , i had been told , sternly , by my doctor that the lump on my tongue was probably cancer ' .
the converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden . around 25 years ago , the distinctive toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today . the conversion took place at the same time homeden was being tuned into a block of flats . the blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to suit the light-filled property and the windows upstiars are also a hom
the sydney photographer returned to her husband sabino matera and their daughter on thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30 am on wednesday morning . the 37-year-old was safe , mr matera wrote on facebook : ` dear world of friends and family , i am here to express my most sincere gratitude for the amazing support from all of you ' .
a fire was started at st mary 's catholic church in dandenong , at 2.15 am on april 1 . the fire was one of a string of suspected arson attacks on three melbourne catholic churches with links to paedophile priests . the church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased convicted paedophile father kevin o'donnell .
young harry was out with his parents in cambridge on bank holiday . he was caught under a cyclist 's wheel and dragged along the path . the incident took place while the family were parking up to go shopping . police have now urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident . the cyclist , thought to be in her 20s , was not paying attention .
the adored school teacher went missing on easter sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following friday . her grieving father robert explained that it is especially painful that stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to . police were lead to the place where her remains were found .
jim jepps used a blog called the daily maybe to defend ` rape fantasies ' . the couple met five years ago when ms bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her . but now the green party stresses they do not ` want to be associated ' with his internet rants .
beset by technical problems on its flagship model s , tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy , bloomberg reporter ashlee vance said . in march 2013 , musk contacted google co-founder larry page , according to the excerpt , which cited two people close to the situation .
linda mclean was in her classroom at pine eagle charter school in the tiny town of halfway in august of that year when a masked man burst in with a gun , lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger . now , years after learning of the ` harebrained scheme ' , mclean is still traumatized by the event .
police have found the body of senior espn writer ivan maisel 's son , two months after his car was found abandoned . the 21-year-old 's body was spotted by a fisherman around 200 yards from a coast guard station on monday . the family , from fairfield , connecticut , have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999 .
brothers of fathers with criminal record for sex offending nearly four times more likely to be convicted of such crimes . biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line . the savile 's , including alleged sex abusers johnny and jimmy savile , are pictured in a family portrait from the 1930s .
the philadelphia eagles officially signed quarterback tim tebow to a one-year contract on monday . tebow has n't played a snap in the nfl since being cut by the new england patriots before the 2013 season . the team announced the contract monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 heisman trophy winner .
kate t. parker , from atlanta , georgia , was inspired to create her aptly-titled series strong is the new pretty . the project became about capturing my girls and their friends as they truly are and how that is ok - but worthy of celebration , ' she said .
droughts brought fires , famine and social unrest to the region . pollen grains obtained from the bottom of sea of galilee have also provided similar evidence that the region endured a 150 year drought between 1250bc and 1100bc . the sphinx and pyramids at giza hint at the power of ancient egyptian civilisation before it collapsed .
the golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the elvis at the o2 exhibition from sunday . even during presley 's lifetime , the tuxedo carried a level of mystique . his manager colonel tom parker had it ferried to concert venues in an armoured truck and under armed guards as a way of drumming up more press coverage .
mick tabone , 74 , who previously owned and ran johnstone river crocodile farm and zoo in far-north queensland first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989 . for 20 years the farmer would sit on the enormous creature 's back while he chatted to him , and never once felt as though he was in danger . rangers had already been trying to capture gregory , who had apparently been killing cattle in eubenangee swamp near mirriwinn
grayson moore , 22 , is a math student at the university of utah and first came to terms with being transgender in junior high . until then , he had been known as grace , but made the decision to throw out his girls ' clothes , swap his name to grayson and start living as a male .
the unnamed caller gave the operator a blow-by-blow account as he wandered behind rafi meitiv , 10 , and his sister dvora , 6 , in silver spring on sunday . the 7-minute call would reignite a controversy focused on those kids and their scientist parents , danielle and alexander meit iv , who espouse the hands-off parenting style .
adelaide crows captain taylor ` tex ' walker was pictured offering a helping hand to a seven-year-old girl who burst into tears just moments before leading the afl side onto the field . satine cahill was serving as the team 's mascot ahead of their match against north melbourne at adelaide oval on sunday . but just minutes before she was due to walk out with the burly footballers , the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks
westley capper , 37 , has already admitted driving agnese klavina , 30 , away . the expat has never been publicly named and showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned after being summonsed to court yesterday . they have both admitted being in the mercedes with the 30-year-old .
justin welby will say in his easter sermon that 148 christian students slaughtered by somali gunmen on thursday were ` witnesses ' to their faith . comments follow pope francis 's denunciation of ` senseless ' killings at garissa university college . david cameron said too many were guilty of a ` complicit silence ' in the face of such attacks .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , was charged with two counts of contributing to delinquency of a minor following the incident at their evans , georgia home . the mother-of-five also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom during the party , used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters . earlier this week , her daughter defended her actions , saying : ` everyone makes mistakes ' .
charlotte li , 26 , from london , decided to design healthy selfie with her husband joe . the idea for it came after an over-indulgent christmas left her feeling ` fat and unhealthy ' . she said taking selfies helped her stay motivated to get fit and stay in shape .
felix found the hotel , lake , gardens and trails to be an adventure playground for his young family . the 360-degree views are inspirational . the kids ' club is the best we have experienced . our girls make paper bag whales , cork puppets and chalk drawings , dress up and sing songs , go on pony and boat rides .
video shows the jihadi attempting to launch an attack on kurdish peshmerga forces , reportedly near kirkuk in northern iraq . but as the car approaches , it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb , catapulting the vehicle at least 100ft into the air . just as it begins to fall back down to earth , the car detonates like a firework , either due to the explosives on board or the fuel tank igniting .
edwin ` jock ' mee allegedly told 18-year-old that her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him . he is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an army careers centre in croydon , south london , between october 2010 and september 2011 .
gerry pickens , 28 , was fired by the chief of police in orting , washington , after just under a year on the town 's police force . he was more used to drugs busts and violent robberies at his previous posting in atlanta , georgia . but before his probation year was out , pickens said he had become the butt of racist jokes from residents and his fellow cops - and was eventually fired for reasons he says are down to the color of his skin
the former drummer and a founding member of the southern hard rock band lynyrd skynyrd , robert ` bob ' burns jr , died late friday in a single-vehicle crash near cartersville , georgia . burns ' vehicle went off a road just before midnight as it approached a curve , striking a mailbox and a tree . burns was one of five people who founded the band in jacksonville , florida , and played on its first two albums .
bilal khaled accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the darduna family without telling them its real value . now homeless family in the impoverished islamist-run palestinian enclave says they were ` tricked ' into parting with the valuable collector 's item by the world famous street artist .
robert mugabe appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings . image emerged after a bit of camera trickery , and the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman stood directly behind him . it is not the first time an amusing image of the 91-year-old dictator has surfaced .
sir ranulph fiennes , 71 , completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today . he was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run . previously suffered two heart attacks and has undergone a double heart bypass , a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes .
doug hughes , 61 , landed a gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol this week to protest campaign finance laws . now under arrest , he has been chaperoned back to his home in ruskin , florida , where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in washington , d.c. , next month . after a series of interviews , the secret service has decided not to prosecute mr hughes ' wife al
director of the british museum neil macgregor , 68 , announced he is stepping down from the job at the end of the year . previously ran the national gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster . he previously ran national gallery , most notably on his radio 4 series a history of the world in 100 objects .
richard ilczyszyn 's wife kelly is filing wrongful death suit against the airline for failing to act . the 46-year-old was 46 when he lost consciousness on the orange county-bound flight . staff are trained to treat such behavior - screaming and crying in the bathroom - as a security risk .
tiger woods was on the ninth hole when he found himself 470 yards away from the pin with the ball nestled in pine straws . but when he followed through , he slammed the club into a root , causing him to wince and grab his hand in agony . he later revealed his wrist bone had ` popped out ' of place .
labour leader announced plans to overhaul non-domicile regime , which allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money that they bring into britain . mr miliband initially suggested he would ` abolish ' status , but it later emerged that labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years .
the trailer for abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio was deemed offensive . it shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a traditional ceremony . the clip had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days . fans commented that it was ` outrageous ' and ` ridiculous ' .
david hibbitt , 33 , was diagnosed with the disease in july 2012 and underwent chemotherapy , radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel . doctors told him the cancer was terminal so he decided to try cannabis oil as a last resort and bought it from a local dealer for # 50 a gram . now the father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in january - and puts the class-b drug down to his miracle recovery . in desperation
kathy bush 's daughter jennifer , now 27 , has been charged with deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter ill for attention . in 1995 , a health care worker reported to police suspicions that kathy may have been intentionally making her sick by giving her extra doses of medicine . kathy 's lawyer robert buschel , who defended kathy in her criminal trial , said the investigation amounted enough evidence to arrest her .
lindsey vonn was back at augusta on friday to watch boyfriend tiger woods play in the second round of the masters . the former world number one has been under intense scrutiny after struggling badly with his chipping when last seen on the pga tour . woods is a very distant 12 strokes behind a seemingly unstoppable spieth , with 36 holes left to play .
brits wake up grumpier than anyone else in the western world . seven hours 22 minutes a night - only the japanese , south koreans and singaporeans are moodier when day breaks . app tracks how well people rest at night by using the motion sensor in their smartphone .
justin bettman caught the media 's attention a few months ago when he began his ` set in the street ' project . he would build sets that , in pictures , looked like the inside of a living room , child 's bedroom , or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub .
the dmz was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the north from the south . surfer shannon aston said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in south korea as a teacher . the beaches , often filled with foreigners and day-trippers from the capital seoul , features an ` overlapping ' of military installations .
mitchelle blair , 35 , is charged with felony murder , premeditated murder and torture . court officers carrying out a march 24 eviction at the family 's apartment found the frozen corpses of stoni ann blair and 9-year-old stephen gage berry . blair used an expletive wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed .
temperatures are expected to reach 25c -lrb- 77f -rrb- in the south east today . this will beat marseille at 22c , athens at 21c , rome at 19c , and madrid at 18c . temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives .
the driver , named in chinese media as mr zhang , drove past an injured woman who turned out to be his mother . he called police but his mother , from wuhu , in anhui province , died on the way to hospital . police have arrested a local over the hit-and-run scene .
steely first minister , in her first interview with daily mail on the day of her election manifesto launch , said for the first time that she would regard an ` out ' vote in the tories ' proposed poll on eu membership . she also revealed that she intends to be in london on may 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the snp 's negotiating team in the event of another hung parliament .
david , 53 , and wife sandra greatrex , 52 , from plymouth , were harassmed by david 's sister anne . the couple have spoken about their family feud on channel 5 documentary , family secrets and lies , which airs tonight . sandra first met david after his 20-year marriage fell apart and her friend suggested they meet .
police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is , but a police report confirmed the man was detained with scott and put in the back of a police car . the man , who is not a relative , could be able to shed light on what happened between officer michael slager pulling the pair over .
clint gee made the almost six hour journey from his home outside brisbane to wandoan in regional queensland . the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother 's ashes . mr gee planned to reunite his mother , elizabeth hobbs , who died in 1964 . he paid a $ 342 fee after being upset with the council reduced its usual rate of more than $ 400 .
police say clarence taylor , 44 , faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in akron , ohio . on november 1 , taylor 's 45-year-old girlfriend called police , saying he had been missing for several days . while she was on the phone with investigators , the girlfriend received a call from another of the man then led police to taylor .
the prince was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the australian war memorial in canberra , all keen to catch a glimpse of the royal . the prince was in australia to report for official military duty but he enjoyed his interaction with excited fans . the 30-year-old joked with wellwishers and offered handshakes and high fives .
scottish student caitlin mcneill , 21 , posted a photo of a blue and black dress that looked white and gold from some angles . another internet dress furore has begun , this time over the colour of scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon 's dress .
the 34-year-old mom , who married rapper kanye west in may last year , spoke with elle.com about her daughter 's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman , mother , wife and dressing her post-baby body . ` she just loves the process . she could not be more ultimately girly-girl ' .
daniel boykin , 33 , pleaded guilty to charges of unlawful photography , aggravated burglary , wiretapping , unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes . in apologizing for his actions in court thursday , boykin admitted to repeatedly filming the woman inside a bathroom at nashville international airport . at the time of his arrest last year , he was found with 92 videos of the victim -- 29 taken from the airport bathroom -- and 1,527 photographs .
shanay walker found cold and rigid in her bed in nottingham last july . her aunt is currently on trial for her murder . the 23-year-old , who was an aspiring police officer in her teens , was later arrested and charged with murder . she was disciplined for tiny misdemeanours such as failing to eat quickly enough or ` fighting ' while brushing her teeth .
the grey ` stealth ' speed traps could be outlawed regardless of which party wins the general election . at least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year -- a quarter more than in the previous year . the increase has been put down to the introduction of ` smart motorways ' which use the cameras , known as hadecs , to police speed limits which are varied according to the driving conditions .
janet faal , 57 , was out with a friend in crawley , west sussex , as part of her rehabilitation when she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse . she now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face on the pallet and was left in a ` splits ' position .
alan lawrence created a photo series called ` wil can fly ' in which the toddler appears to be flying in many different scenes . the father of five has taken the limits off the child and given him a one-of-a-kind ability . lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two down syndrome foundations .
farouk younis , imam of mosque used by relatives of hassan munshi and talha asmal , said muslims must talk to other teenagers who ` might be looking at them and thinking this is the way ' . the 17-year-olds from dewsbury , west yorkshire , are thought to have travelled to war-torn syria after travelling to turkey on march 31 .
christian longo murdered his wife and three children in oregon in 2001 . he then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to cancun , mexico , where he posed as a shamed new york times reporter before he was captured by the fbi . now a film about his life , true story , starring james franco and jonah hill , has been released .
reverend howard-john wesley opened the service by welcoming the president , before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him . the lively pastor based his sermon around a scripture from 1 corinthians 15 on the life and resurrection of christ . people queued around the block for the service .
actress paula duncan , now 62 , revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43 . she said her teenage daughter jessica ` was waiting for me at home ' . the actress ' daughter said : ` what happened ? ' and she said , ` mum , the supermarket rang to say you 'd collapsed in a foetal position in the park ' .
the empty pool was used as the unusual catwalk setting for the ten pieces presentation as part of mercedes-benz fashion week australia . the label had no trouble securing the show-stopping location . ten pieces is headed up by icebergs restaurateur maurice terzini and his partner lucy hinckfuss .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , from columbus , ohio , has been arrested and charged with supporting terrorism after getting training in syria . he had been instructed by a cleric to return to the us and carry out an act of terrorism , the indictment said . he left the us a year ago with the intent to go to syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al qaeda in iraq .
kenne worthen , 27 , allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at longview elementary school in phoenix last august and the relationship turned sexual in january . the father-of-one allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an ipod app , google hangouts , where she labeled his profile with a fake name , ` jesse smith ' .
obama insisted the u.s. would stand by israel if it were to come under attack . but acknowledged that his pursuit of diplomacy with tehran has caused strain with the close ally . ` it 's been a hard period , ' obama said in a weekend interview with new york times columnist thomas friedman .
a new report from suncorp bank suggests australian 's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year . men spent twice as much as women on computers , digital accessories , mobile apps , and streaming services . on average , men spent $ 2618 over the last 12 months , $ 475 more than women .
the new shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys , and the firm is also developing an orbital craft . it will launch from blue origin 's west texas facility near van horn , texas , southeast of el paso . testing and development of the rocket engine , called be-3 , has been completed , the last major milestone before the liquid . oxygen - and liquid hydrogen-fueled motor is attached to the new . shepard capsule for flight , blue origin president
scientists quizzed 5,000 teenagers about drinking habits and films they had watched from a list of 50 , including bridget jones ' diary and aviator . those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol and 70 per cent .
several thousand people gathered outside the city 's main railway station flinders street at 4pm on friday . ` enough is enough - where is the justice for aboriginal people ? ' a speaker shouted to the crowd before the walk through cbd streets , flanked by police . this comes as the queensland police service refuses to issue an apology to an indigenous officer .
vijay chokal-ingam has controversially claimed he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man . he claims in 1998 he shaved his head , trimmed his ` long indian eyelashes ' and joined the organization of black students during the process .
the photos were released by rspca south australia on tuesday . they detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized by animal welfare . the resident pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats . but the owner , who 's identity has not been revealed , was granted to have two of his cats returned under the rspcelona 's supervision .
lindsay jo was 13 when she went missing after going to shops in hebden bridge , west yorkshire . her body was discovered in rochdale canal five months later , weighed down with a 20lb rock . her sister kate described her family 's struggle since her death as a ` life sentence ' .
samantha fleming and her newborn daughter serenity were last seen in anderson on april 5 , when they left with a woman who said she was from indiana 's department of child services . the three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in gary on friday and will be returned to relatives .
labour leader was out campaigning in bristol this morning . he decided to take the weekend off to spend time with his family . his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with just a month to go before polling day . labour election chiefs have reportedly calculated that it is better to keep a low profile outside of the live tv debates .
jason warnock , 29 , was named as the hero who rescued 23-year-old mathew sitko after he crashed his car on wednesday morning . but after saving the man , warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene . a photo of the moment he pulled the panicked man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him .
george was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in north wales and was found on a doorstep in west yorkshire five weeks later . he has now been reunited with his owners after julia hill posted on a lost and found cats facebook group . owners steven davison , 71 , and his wife susan , 68 , saw a picture of her childhood pet on the page .
images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of heron island in queensland , australia . it is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal , but the fish naturally keep their distance , creating circles of clear water around the predator .
choc on choc 's limited edition political chocolates collection comes in three flavours . david cameron 's bar is studded with blueberry pieces , ed miliband 's comes in a red raspberry flavour . coalition-minded consumers can mix and match the politicians or select all three .
chelsea clinton , whose mother hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this sunday , said it is time the united states had a female leader . ` one of our core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity , but when equal has n't yet included gender , there is a fundamental challenge there that , i believe , having our first woman president -- whenever that is -- will help resolve , ' said clinton .
scientists say they have found 50 galaxies that may contain intelligent alien races . these galaxies were found to be emitting ` unusually high ' levels of radiation . this could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars . however , further research is needed to confirm that is the case . shown is arp 220 , one promising galaxy candidate .
nick loeb says he 's always ` dreamed ' of being a father . the 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last august over the two embryos . on monday he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own . loeb is a scion of the loeb and lehman families .
 superior court judge m. marc kelly told an orange county jury that 20-year-old kevin jonas rojano-nieto ` did not intend to harm ' the girl he raped at his family home in june . the judge said he was sure that although the girl and covered her mouth so she could n't scream out , ` there was no violence or callous disregard for the victim 's well-being ' .
clare balding has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the bbc 's rugby league coverage to crufts . the 44-year-old , who married alice arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year , said that it was ` exhausting ' to be constantly asked about being gay .
abase hussen , who blamed police for failing to stop his daughter , fled to syria . he said he could think of ` nothing ' to explain why she and two friends had decided to join is , as well as keeping quiet about his own links to radicalism . also at the rally were hate cleric anjem choudary and michael adebowale .
 tethers unlimited has revealed a system of robo spiders than can construct solar panels , trusses and other parts of spacecraft in orbit . the system uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit around the earth by ` spinning ' building material into shape . spiderfab could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit .
ukip leader made the remarks after being asked at his manifesto launch last week to justify the scarcity of black and asian faces in the ukip manifesto . it includes several photographs of the party 's top team although it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid .
alfie the yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home . he ran into a deserted country lane just as an rspca van drove by . the seven-year-old dog ran out of the woods in front of the inspector 's van . when she opened her cab door , alfie ran in and started licking her face .
priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas . the 69-year-old collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding ' .
king felipe , queen letizia and their daughters princess sofia and princess leonor looked immaculate as they arrived at palma cathedral on the balearic isle . the family are on the island for the family 's annual holiday at the marivent palace royal holiday residence .
the egyptian-themed mansion , advertised as pharaoh 's palace on its website , promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in tampa . an august 2014 adult-themed party dubbed ` midsummer night wet dream ' got the mansion , bought by canadian millionaire gordon lownds , its first noise complaint .
the original 1959 barbie doll has been reproduced and goes back on sale this saturday in australia . the doll features a black and white striped one-piece swimsuit , black heels , gold hoop earrings and white sunglasses . it will be on sale at five of their stores across the country .
the final day of mercedes-benz fashion week kicked off with an explosion of colour in sydney on thursday . the australiana-themed romance was born presentation - always one of the highlight shows during mbfwa . the art gallery of new south wales was transformed into a spectacular set designed by designer alice babidge .
brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services . in one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , europe could fine google more than # 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe .
international monetary fund lavishing praise on chancellor george osborne . employment rose above 31million in the three months to february . figures showed 557,000 higher than a year before . the conservatives had overseen a ` jobs miracle ' and britain had created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of the eu put together .
the vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called tarp that 's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers . animal studies have shown that the protein can effectively stimulate the immune system to attack the cancer . it is initially being tested as a way to treat cancer that has returned . if successful , could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially breast cancer in the future .
senator bob corker , 62 , of the senate foreign relations committee , has denied partisan politics in washington dc could derail america 's landmark agreement to curb iran 's nuclear capabilities . he said congressional oversight ` does n't mean there wo n't be a deal ' . the deal is scheduled to be finalized by june 30 .
tracey cox says that it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone 's attention here she gives her advice on how to use your peepers . if that person is checking everyone out , they 'll stop registering the information . spring is the season for flirting so the perfect time to find out the five eye contact techniques that are scientifically proven to get you noticed !
margaret and gary mazan had their 14 setters seized by rspca inspectors . the animals were dehydrated and had not been provided with a suitable diet . three of the fully grown dogs were found by inspectors crammed in puppy cages and the majority were kept in a squalid garden shed .
the visit is their first to the country their late father , robert kardashian , fled for america and both kim and khloe have expressed their excitement at the chance to explore his homeland . the yerevan opera house is a must-visit place in the armenian capital where local music and dance performances are highly regarded .
the brolly-clad thieves targeted supermarkets , convenience stores and electrical shops , swiping # 2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at # 30,000 in the process . cctv footage shows the gang using umbrellas to conceal their entrance as they burst into a supermarket . they also threatened shop workers with hammers , knives and screwdrivers .
natasha elderfield , 41 , is on trial at oxford crown court accused of the murder of her boyfriend robert dobinson , 33 , in abingdon , oxfordshire . she chased her partner off the boat they shared after he discovered her below deck with her lover , whose trousers were around his ankles . she told police officers who arrested her , ` my god , it 's so ****** g funny ' .
jordan sharifi , 17 , was taken into custody on friday by police in mckinney , texas , who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to 14-year-old raymond howell . on thursday , raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . sharifi initially thought he was sleeping and called his name . but when raymond failed to respond , sharifi turned him over and saw blood on his face , and found
new training will commence at los angeles international airport , one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the american civil liberties union . the complaint was filed on behalf of malaika singleton , who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from la to london in december 2013 .
lawyer for rebecca hannibal , 19 , appeared in front of downing centre local court on wednesday . she had pleaded not guilty to single supply charge at a previous hearing but her defence representative told magistrate mark buscombe she was changing her plea to guilty . police alleged she supplied a number of ` purple speaker ' pills between 2pm and 3:30 pm on november 7 , the day before the harbourlife dance festival near mrs macquarie 's chair where ms bart
the number of christians in the us will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050 . the percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame while muslims will outnumber christians by 2070 . the global buddhist population will remain roughly the same but hindu and jewish populations will be larger than they are today .
la judge richard fruin jr. awarded shelly sterling most of the nearly $ 3million she had sought . lawyers for sterling had claimed that money used to buy v. stiviano a house , luxury cars and stocks was her community property the couple had acquired over six decades of marriage .
 awel manyang , who is recovering in hospital , believes her younger sister and two brothers died when they were taken by a crocodile because the children associate the giant reptiles with water . her siblings - one-year-old twins madit and anger - died after their mother akon guode crashed her 4wd into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne 's outer west on wednesday .
jenny wallenda , 87 , the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers , died late saturday at her home in sarasota , florida . wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda .
matthew bird , from ashburton , new zealand , halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic . he said he was happy to give up is $ 70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $ 38,000 . inland revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on april 1 .
marie hunt of spring green , wisconsin , had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school . now a resident at meadows assisted living and memory care in spring green . she was presented with an honorary degree by river valley high school , 87 years after her fellow classmates graduated .
brazilian commuter nelson felippe was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform in rio de janeiro . the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours . the source of his outrage soon becomes clear in a post that cleverly spoofs conservative attitudes .
british physicist stephen hawking has sung monty python 's galaxy song . the song is being released digitally and on vinyl for record store day 2015 . it is a cover of the song from 1983 film monty snake 's meaning of life . professor hawking ` runs over ' professor brian cox before taking to the sky .
lee garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out hudson , having heard rumors the star was gay . he says the first meeting with the actor was a little nerve-racking , and that nothing happened other than the two having a beer , but soon they were spending all their time together .
senior constable neale mcshane has spent ten years working in birdsville , which borders on the simpson desert in far south-west queensland . the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states , but he told daily mail australia that nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling birsdville . temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees , giving rise to a number of desert rescues that mc shane must
cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths as unprecedented numbers of post-world war two babies come to the end of their lives may be too much for many families . at the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast , thanks to higher costs for cremation , rising undertakers ' bills .
moore and willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic san remo apartment building in 1990 from saturday night fever producer robert stigwood . the 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both central park and the hudson river .
posters told muslims not to vote in the election were plastered across an area of cardiff yesterday . posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across the grangetown suburb telling the muslim electorate : ` islam is the only real workable solution for the uk ' .
the 41-year-old man is said to have posted a ` blasphemous ' status on his facebook page after watching a news bulletin about the iraq war . if found guilty , the suspect could face up to seven years in jail , a fine of between dh250 ,000 to dh1 million , or both .
nicole mihai was told by new zealand immigration that once her visa expires , she must return to romania . the 34-year-old is not able to reside further than 50 kilometres from his father . she faces a distressing battle with the immigration agency who insist chris 's future living arrangements are not their problem .
the budget retailer last week announced that sales exceed # 1billion for the first time last year becoming europe 's largest single-price discount retailer . the company 's success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains and taking sales away from britain 's four big supermarkets , asda , tesco , sainsburys and morrisons .
the lake in boulder , colorado , has been invaded by thousands of gold fish , which wildlife officials say started as someone dumping ` four or five ' of their pets in the water two or three years ago . the animals have now multiplied to over 3,000 or 4,000 , it 's believed , and are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake .
her majesty 's @britishmonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers . the netherlands ' king willem-alexander and queen maxima are also popular figures . duchess of york is the next most followed and narrowly beats her ex husband prince andrew .
the winner of 2013 's strictly come dancing joins singer foxes , 25 , victoria 's secret angel lily donaldson , 28 , and model alice dellal , 27 . clancy , 29 , leads the glamour as she joins forces with her famous friends to target breast cancer .
ards borough council in northern ireland spent more than # 7,000 on lavish banquet and disco for staff . staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor at the party . council chiefs paid # 5,225 for caterers for the dinner in december last year .
feidin santana , 23 , visited the family 's charleston , south carolina home on thursday to meet with the man 's heartbroken parents , son and other relatives - in a moving moment witnessed by nbc . scott 's father , walter scott , sr. , also hugged the man and said : ` thank you for another son , god , thank you ! ' .
tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells . women who have suffered from breast cancer can reduce the chances of the cancer returning by half . when combined with two cups of coffee , it can be even more effective .
the device was available for preorder online and to try out . in stores by appointment , but not to take home . apple predicted on thursday that demand would exceed supply . at product launch without knowing how many watches consumers have ordered , . wall street analysts said it was too early to adjust their estimates .
reverend jonno williams is the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church at canowindra . he knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone . the funeral will take place next wednesday , but everything else has yet to be confirmed .
the queen looked elegant in a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress . joined by prince philip and princess alexandra at the reception in trafalgar square , central london . during the first world war commemorations , the monarch posed for a photograph with the calgary highlanders .
kendra moad of kearns , utah followed her grandfather out of the house friday morning and into the driveway . he did not see the toddler in front of his truck and killed her . kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when medical workers arrived . this is now the fourth time since august that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in utah .
george lucas has unveiled plans to build an affordable housing complex on the plot of land in lucas valley , bay area . the complex of affordable housing , funded and designed by the star wars director , would provide homes to 224 low-income families . there 's very little his fellow bay area residents can do about it .
shaun worthington 's car veered into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04 pm . the 29-year-old died when his silver audi a4 collided with a truck . his mother jane allen said : ` no mother should have to go through what i have and the devastation of losing a son ' .
the solar probe plus will carry four instrument suites into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the star . the launch window opens for 20 days starting on july 31 , 2018 . over 24 orbits , the mission will use seven flybys of venus to reduce its distance from the sun .
the church paid a father-son team of detectives $ 10,000 a week to track ron miscavige 's every move , review his electronic correspondence and eavesdrop on his conversations . the claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive hbo documentary going clear , where former members of the church accused david miscav .
kendalia halle was built more than 100 years ago by german immigrants , who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state 's population . about 400 such halls still stand -- many unused and decaying -- but only two traditional texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis .
golden retriever martha was swept out to sea in leasowe , merseyside . the ten-year-old was paddling in the water when she was caught out by strong current . new brighton 's rnli crew were called and managed to find martha . they then pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her .
belinda , 56 , from essex , had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls . but the ` horrendous ' scars produced by the bungling surgeon have left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before . now belinda is to appear on tlc 's extreme beauty disasters to warn of the dangers of travelling abroad for cut-price surgery .
listeners say last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to iplayer service . frustrated listeners say problem ` irritating ' , ` frustrating ' and said it was ruining enjoyment of programmes . shows such as dad 's army and hancock 's half hour have all fallen foul of the problem .
 elderflower fields will be held in the idyllic setting of pippingford park for the second year running . independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend . now entering its fourth year , elder flower fields builds upon the winning formula of a festival designed especially for families with children .
kuku kube has been designed to put your colour vision and eyesight to the test by showing boards of coloured squares . on each board , one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour and the aim is to find this odd square by tapping it with your finger or clicking it with the mouse . click the start button below to play kuku . kube is available for free on facebook , android , ios and on desktop browsers . scores lower than 11 are poor , scores
khayree gay , 31 , was captured on friday at the security inn and suites hotel in lake city , south carolina . gay , who is originally from feltonville , pennsylvania , is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a jewelers row employee on april 4 in philadelphia . the 53-year-old female victim was seen walking through the parking garage shortly before she was grabbed and thrown into a van . the woman was told to hand over codes to the safe which she did
` untested and unscientific ' apps cause stress by making us worry . popular apps include myfitnesspal and apple 's health app . but dr des spence warned newer apps that monitor your heart rate , blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry without providing any benefit .
claudia winkleman replaced sir bruce forsyth as co-host of strictly come dancing . the 43-year-old is the first presenter of the bbc dance contest to be nominated for the awards . it comes even though she was absent for almost a month while daughter matilda , eight , recovered after her halloween costume accidentally caught fire .
the short story was penned by the future monarch and tells the story of a 12-year-old girl , alice laselles , who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried . alice befriends a host of characters , including a ` poor little french orphan ' who has been half-blinded by small pox , and is falsely accused of smuggling a cat into the school .
sarah reign , 26 , from new york , supplements her day job as a security guard by gorging on camera for men who like to watch her eat . after realising that her weight could become a lucrative sideline for her , she set about gaining more and is now six stone heavier than before she started .
britt lapthorne , from melbourne , was last seen at the latin club fuego in the coastal , tourist town of dubrovnik . croatian police never solved the mystery of how the student 's body came to be in nearby boninovo bay . it has now emerged a victorian inquest into her death will be closed .
belinda bartholomew , the girlfriend of roosters star aidan guerra , tried to buy a chicken to cook up for a game of thrones-inspired feast . she was called names and told to go to ` an aussie butcher ' when she tried to change her chicken selection . the butcher who was working at sam the butcher in bondi has hit back saying she is ` lying ' and trying to ruin the business .
rachel lynn lehnardt , 35 , from evans , georgia , was arrested on saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to delinquency of a minor . the details of the drunken party emerged when she met with her alcoholics anonymous sponsor last friday and told her about the wild party .
kareem abdul-jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery at ronald reagan ucla medical center on april 16 . the successful surgery , which was performed by cardiac surgery chief dr richard shemin , cleared a major blockage from the hall of famer 's heart .
dave sim , 36 , has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow mark three chopper in preparation to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 tour de france route . the personal trainer from southport , merseyside , is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves .
walter scott , 50 , was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday . pop star and member of destiny 's child , michelle williams , wrote : ` once again ... #walterscott ' and added a broken heart . singer janelle mone said : ` this brought tears to my eyes . can only imagine the pain his fam feels ' .
in the 70s and 80s whistling was still popular in pop songs , john lennon 's jealous guy , later covered by bryan ferry 's roxy music in 1981 were well-liked whistling tunes . but the rise of the mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now .
the blunder at the pensions office in essen , in the north rhine-westphalia area of germany saw a letter sent out the woman asking for # 3,500,000,000 . the bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of the annual gross domestic product .
yervand garginian , a 60-year-old bus driver from south croydon in melbourne , filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional ` khorovats ' recipe . in the video mr garginian dismisses the australian-style barbecue of cooking ` oily ' sausages . his daughter elizabeth , 24 , posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times .
conchita wurst has been transformed into gustav klimt 's golden adele for the life ball 2015 poster . the poster promotes the dazzling life ball event , where conchita will perform , as well as walk in a fashion show staged by jean paul gaultier .
survey of 1,000 people from across the country conducted by youneedab468.com . 64 per cent of adults say they end up spending more money when they shop with friends . many blame the urge to ` show off ' nearly half of participants -lrb- 45 per cent -rrb- .
baroness brady , who is also the government 's small business ambassador , was appearing alongside mr cameronat a national grid training centre in newark , nottinghamshire . the businesswoman and apprentice judge was instead relegated to coat duty , helping cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak .
catherine grove , 28 , vanished in july 2013 , leaving her car and belongings in fayetteville , arkansas , only to show up weeks later under heavy guard . over the years the church has been accused of sexual abuse , kidnapping and human trafficking . they have strongly denied any wrongdoing .
neil tuckett has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells henry ford 's famous model t . the 58-year-old businessman , from buckinghamshire , is selling one every week , including to the tv and film industry who have used then in shows such as downton abbey .
the map uses data from the california roadkill observation system , a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years . in the region , marshy areas attract birds during migration and result in high rates of roadkill . the ring of death refers to an area made up of i-80 labelled as 9 -lrb- labelled as 13 and 8 -rrb- .
dr ros altmann , a former treasury adviser who went on to head over-50s group saga , will take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges . she would also be in charge of financial education and government policy to reward and encourage saving . she will also steer through reforms designed to make it easier for customers to move to another bank .
colleen harris , 73 , was found guilty of first-degree murder on wednesday after gunning down her third husband while he was sleeping . it took the el dorado superior court jury in less than two hours to convict colleen harris of murdering robert edward ` bob ' harris in their placerville , california home in 2013 . decades before , in 1985 , she shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children , 46-year-old j
tracey taylor , 34 , caused more than # 13,000 worth of damage to luxury cars . earlier that day she had attacked her former lover , punching him on the ear and pulling her hair after barging her way into her home in ratby , leics . then two days later she returned to the property and broke in through the front door , pushing her way past her love rival 's 19-year-old student daughter .
the former chairman of the joint chiefs admiral mike mullen knew that army sgt. bowe bergdhal deserted his post in 2009 , claim three of the controversial soldier 's comrades . mullen , who served president obama and then secretary of defense robert gates six years ago , was certain that mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before national security adviser susan rice told the world . it also casts a huge shadow over the
mark ward faville , of christiansburg , virginia , was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife anne , who died in 2000 . he had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken , something that was supported by an initial autopsy . after the verdict was , read , faville was taken away , and it was then he took his own life as he was being led away , though it is not known how he did this and an investigation is underway
the image shows a stone-faced arias dressed in an orange prison uniform . it 's sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk . she later said she flashed the grin because that 's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation . she plans to appeal the conviction .
junior luis velasquez , from texas , asked tiffany gay to prom in front of the whole school this month . to add to the romance , bruno mars ' just the way you are ' played in the background of the magic proposal . gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called prader-willi syndrome .
cheryl prudham , 33 , is said to be planning to renew her wedding vows . she receives # 39,000 in benefits , and her partner robert , 30 , are spending # 10,000 on a lavish ceremony in las vegas to renew their vows . last year they took a # 7,000 trip to menorca , spain .
hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri at the debut of a fat tuesdays bar inside the resort world casino ended up at each other 's throats when the party went sour . the fight goes back to two women who clashed during the long wait for alcohol , dragging their group of friends into the conflict .
chinese state media has reported that the government is planning to expand the qinghai to tibet railway ` at nepal 's request ' . the step is important politically as it shows beijing building links with nepal , a country india regards as firmly within its sphere of influence .
one house was filmed as it was carried along a street in dungog , north of sydney . the half-submerged property drifting down the main drag as floodwater laps at its sides on his smartphone . similar scenes were evident in lake macquarie with this house floating dangerously close to street power lines and almost taking them down with it .
long-awaited inquiry into iraq war unlikely to be unveiled this year . further delays to sir john chilcot 's inquiry into the war were reported . it was initially thought it would be delayed until after general election . but it has now been suggested the findings of the inquiry will not be published until 2016 .
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever tylenol . it has the ability to weaken feelings of happiness and sadness . previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain , but also on psychological pain . this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered .
henry and donna lou rayhons married seven years ago in their northern iowa hometown , it was a second chance at love for the devoted couple . but their domestic routine of church activities unraveled as donna 's health began to fail . last year , the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home , suffering from dementia and alzheimers .
the nine-year-old boy was whipped with a skipping rope by his adoptive mother , leaving scars over his body . shocking images show the child was covered in injuries , including cuts to his ear where he was hit with a metal rod and bruising on his legs and hands when he was smacked with a water pipe and scars all over his back .
the swedish company 's new service , wedding online , allows couples to get virtually hitched and have guests attending from all over the world . even better , guests from all around the world can view the proceedings , as long as they have a webcam handy . once they log in , they can set a virtual date and invite the facebook contacts they want as guests .
massachusetts couple mimi and joe lemay 's son jacob was n't always a boy . the five-year-old was born mia , the second of three sisters . after years of questioning how to handle his preferences , before finally coming to terms with what their son wanted .
boy 's grandmother paid up to stop bailiffs taking property to cover the amount owed . they told her goods would be sold to cover # 3,500 for the fine and charges . they were originally fined # 120 for unauthorised absence from sweyne park school in rayleigh , essex , after being convicted in november 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school .
michael keith spell , 25 , of parachute , colorado , was sentenced following a hearing before state district judge richard simonton in sidney . spell pleaded guilty in october to killing sherry arnold , 43 , after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012 . co-defendant lester van waters jr. was sentenced in december to 80 years in prison on a charge of deliberate homicide by accountability .
the 10 tonne fatberg was discovered beneath one of chelsea 's most exclusive streets . it was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer to break . utility companies started to complain about the rancid smell coming from the sewer . now a # 400,000 repair is being carried out to repair the broken sewer .
lloyd dennis taught at basingstoke college of technology across hampshire . the 32-year-old from eastleigh has been charged with 28 separate offences . among the schools where dennis has taught is bishop 's waltham junior school and cadland primary in the new forest .
laurene jobs , 51 , called former first lady hillary a ` revolutionary ' woman . said it 's not just because she 's a woman - but ` the type of woman she is ' . speaking to time 100 , she said : ` hillary clinton is not familiar . she is one of america 's greatest modern creations .
henri morris , 67 , was caught in an fbi sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012 . she told them that her drink was spiked by the married businessman after they traveled together from houston , texas , to new jersey for work . when his bags were search they found his ` kit ' which included strong sedatives and viagra .
brian nicol , 32 , dived into pool at luxury villa in costa del sol , spain . desperate friends dragged him out of water and tried to save him . mr nicol was born in glasgow , scotland , and died while staying in villa .
philadelphia-based artist and journalist alison nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends . in this image , spanish surrealist painter salvador dali poses with his cat babou , a breed of colombian ocelot .
abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street in north west london after being called there last tuesday . the imam , who had links to the muslim brotherhood in the uk and abroad , arrived to the house with his son and not on his own . the man was identified as black and speaking with an african accent .
vincent stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in leeton , in the riverina region of new south wales . the 24-year-old man charged with the murder of local english and drama teacher ms scott on easter sunday was born in tasmania and lived in holland with his family before returning to australia as an adult . his neighbours in maiden avenue say the family were welcomed by the community but vincent
mabel joll opened the front door to see her son ian she fainted . ten minutes earlier mrs joll had received a telegram telling her that her son , squadron leader joll , was ` missing believed killed ' . he had been involved in a strafing attack on german aircraft on may 10 , 1940 , when his plane was hit by ground fire and he was forced to crash land his bristol blenheim light bomber .
the two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent , according to the daily telegraph survey . the poll puts david cameron and the tories at 31.8 per cent of the vote , with labour at just one tenth of a percentage point behind , with 31.7 per cent .
nurhayada sofia , who was out shopping with her mother , suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors . she was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries . her mother was on the phone to her husband who had called to check how she and his two daughters were .
lorenzo simon , 34 , of smethwick , west midlands , and his girlfriend michelle bird used their friend michael spalding for slave labour before simon killed him and dismembered his body . simon was found guilty of murder at birmingham crown court today and bird , while being acquitted of the same charge , was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years .
kim scott posted the poem on saturday morning , a day after the body of a woman was discovered in cocoparra national park on friday afternoon . the 26-year-old english and drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner aaron leeson woolley . the poem was addressed to ` my dearest stephanie and aaron on your wedding day . this is for you ' .
nick clegg reveals balance of power lies where many long suspected : with her . after last election mr clegg was given option of moving family into grace-and-favour government mansion . couple invited cameras into kitchen of # 1.5 million family home in putney , south west london for itv 's tonight programme .
duncan bannatyne tweeted : ` ed milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in uk . this gets my vote i never thought any party would have courage to do this ' . comes after hotelier signed letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the tories ' economic record .
a doctor 's wife and a student plunged into the basement below and a workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column . the accident left three victims hospitalised with minor injuries , while 20 students were left homeless and one of sheffield 's main arterial roads was closed for a day .
the convicted bomber 's aunt , maret tsarnaeva , and two other relatives told time in an interview this week in chechen capital , grozny , that they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the u.s. the bomber ' . uncle , said-hussein tsarnaev , told the magazine that ` american special services ' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded .
pupils applying to cambridge university may have to take an entrance test next year for the first time in almost 30 years . tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams , which would be designed to select the exceptional applicants . the university said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit .
the plague , which famously killed millions of europeans during the black death , is most commonly carried by fleas and rodents . prairie dog deaths at picture canyon in arizona alerted officials to the possibility of an outbreak . parasitic insects from the preserve near a water treatment plant in flagstaff were found to carry the illness .
prince william is due to accompany the queen and duke of edinburgh on an official engagement next saturday . despite the clash , the duke plans to do ` everything he can ' to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the gallipoli and anzac campaigns .
a woman who may be a ` possible dui driver ' led the california highway patrol on a slow-speed chase , and even stopped at traffic lights , through los angeles for almost an hour . the chp became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black suv on a freeway in orange county around 12:30 pm wednesday . the chase finally came to an end in pasadena when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the
teenager from lahore in punjab province pakistan has been identified only as nuaman , had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with kerosene . they asked him what his religion was and then , when he replied he was a christian , they started beating him .
candice swanepoel , elsa hosk and jasmine tookes , three of the brand 's most celebrated postergirls , don see-through macs , glossy blow-dries and push-up bras . each of the girls carries the pink striped umbrella , which shoppers receive for free when they purchase two bras from the new range .
kyle knox , 23 , was last seen alive at the foot of ben nevis on march 31 . he was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to fort william . when he set off on climb kyle was wearing dark waterproof trousers . search and rescue dogs joined in hunt for missing kyle .
baby girl , named april by staff at the ormskirk hospital where she is being treated , might have been delivered at silcock 's amusement arcade in nevill street , southport . merseyside police had released an image of the 6lb 9oz baby girl , wearing a pink playsuit , as they sought to identify her mother .
ceara lynch , 28 , from portland , oregon , takes the more traditional dominatrix idea a step further , not just dominating her customers but demeaning , shaming and generally humiliating them . she says that making money this way -- which she has been doing since she was 17 -- has been a dream .
donald graham , 62 , from sparty lea , northumberland , killed heiress and property developer janet brown , 45 , so he could fund his lavish taste in supercars . he stole # 300,000 of her savings , her land rover and porsche , took her horses and tried to siphon off thousands of pounds from her estate . graham was last year jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for killing ms brown for her money nine years after her death .
the person , who will not be identified until their arraignment on monday , was taken into custody after the bag was found on loughery way in cambridge . they have not been charged with homicide . instead , they are ` under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of human remains ' .
former police inspector neville hackett said his son had ` his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals ' two years ago . the revelation comes after the 34-year-old made a come back last sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds .
mohammed morsi sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012 . but a court in cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty . 14 others were convicted on the same charges , with most also sentenced to twenty years in jail .
study carried out by harvard , columbia and duke university . majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men . they were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married . findings described as ` something of a wake-up call ' by author jefferey swanson .
travel site wanderbat ranked the top 22 airlines around the world . followed closely by emirates and china eastern , the top three airlines showed how gulf and asia are dominating the travel market . british airways ranked in eighth place as the only uk airline to make the list .
the man , known only as donor 7042 , carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 -lrb- nf1 -rrb- that can pass on a severe , life-limiting condition to his offspring . demand for danish sperm soaring , the donor is understood to have fathered 99 ` viking babies ' - as they are widely dubbed .
kevin gill , from naples , florida , was arrested after deputies found the injured gator and given it to his son , 13 , to nurse back to health . gill said he never knew keeping an alligator - especially such a small one - was illegal . the case is being handled by the fish and wildlife commission .
the azamara club cruises has two ships in its fleet , journey and quest . each carry about 680 passengers . the smaller size of the vessels means not only a more intimate on-board experience . there is also an unfeasibly wide selection of onboard eating places - there is a tardis-like feel to be disappointed .
jon stewart will host his last show on august 6 . he kept things lighthearted by talking about how sentimental it will be . he joked that he would dress well for his swan song . he said : ' i mentioned to you that i would keep you up to date on any new information we had about the transition of the programme and all those other things ' .
raul castro passed away on friday morning while in his sleep in san diego where he was in hospice care . he was a self-made man , the embodiment of the american dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college . during his career , castro served as an american ambassador to three countries including el salvador , bolivia and argentina .
dr donald dewitt , 65 , was arrested monday and charged with attempted sexual assault , child endangerment and criminal sexual contact . the prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at bergen county academies in hackensack was being held on $ 300,000 cash bail tuesday . he has been ordered to have no contact with the victim .
the aintree racegoer is seen staggering towards an elderly man . he barges into the 63-year-old who then stumbles backwards and falls to the floor . he was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face . the man was named on social media as a manager called terry .
scott shirley , his wife mayo and seven-year-old son phoenix were travelling back to washington dc after a birthday trip to disney world , orlando . after boarding the plane , the shirleys were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet . after putting their luggage on the floor , the family discovered the bags to be wet with vomit . when she raised her had towards her face to smell the liquid , that 's when she made
thames valley police called an army bomb disposal team after a passer-by reported the 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher on its roof . perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man , his eyes staring grimly from holes cut in a balaclava shrouding his face .
robert hugel , who is assigned to the technical assistance response unit , found the victims , all in their 70s and 80s , just after 3 p.m. at the house in bellerose in floral park , queens . neighbors say that jerry and marianne hugel were a happily married couple for 60 years who loved to dance , garden , and observe their german heritage .
jade walters , 21 , was shocked to discover the family she loaned her beloved horse magic to had sold him for # 200 . magic 's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community , and an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites .
the dewey decimal system is the standardised library classification system which sorts books into the following 10 categories . rooms on the fifth floor are devoted to maths and science , with individual themes of astronomy , dinosaurs , botany , zoology , geology and mathematics . each room is decorated according to a genre or topic .
in lederhosen and knee-high socks , adolf hitler lounges against a tree . the fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap , calling it ` beneath one 's dignity ' . the rare archive photo , and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling .
lauren hill , 19 , was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma after she became dizzy following a basketball game with her high school team in lawrenceburg , indiana . she was told she would not live past december but died four months later this month after playing with her college team at mount st joseph university in cincinnati to raise $ 1.5 million for research into childhood cancer .
the girls put aside fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a ` test of their composure ' . challenge was part of the central china stage of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest , which has been running since 2005 .
kristen bell , the voice of frozen 's anna and the spunky star of house of lies , believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids . the mother of two daughters , lincoln , two , and delta , just four months , with actor dax sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her girls .
the 56-year-old , who describes herself as a ` closet comedian ' , has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine while taking over the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday . however the routine did not go down too well . giuseppe zanotti concealed wedge hi-top sneakers . buy them now at farfetch ! visit site .
kibulu 's mother rejected him in favour of his siblings and zoo keepers . so they called donna from zambi wildlife retreat in western sydney . nine months later , kibulu still shares donna 's bed most nights . he still carries his teddy bear around with him and loves to suck on people 's thumbs .
holly littlefield , 16 , was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours . she hijacked her email account to issue the threat to blow up the school . she was too scared to return to school for two days and when she did she was taunted by classmates . after she was released on bail , she remained under suspicion for nearly three weeks .
jonny bucknell , 58 , was enjoying his meal in the council chamber when a labour rival spotted him and alerted other councillors . he was forced to put down his cutlery when the mayor , lazzaro pietragnoli , interrupted the proceedings to tell him off . the angry diner claims he was unaware eating there was forbidden .
the robot sub was examining the depths of the gulf of mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared . adult males reach 16-20 meters -lrb- 50-65 feet -rrb- in length . females are much smaller than males , reaching only 11m -lr- 36 ft -rrrrbb- on average .
daniel craig , who 's often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as the dapper , martini-drinking agent 007 , will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u.n. mine action service and political and financial support for the cause . craig will be the first global advocate for the elimination of mines and explosive remnants of war .
daniel craig has just had knee surgery after hurting himself in a stunt for the next bond movie , spectre . only in the movies would also have struggled to escape alive from their injuries . they include john mcclane , played by bruce willis , in die hard , the serial killer in halloween and , perhaps more surprisingly , three of the cast of family comedy home alone .
the chihuahua puppy was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in antioch , california , with injuries to its ears and stomach . it is believed the pet , who has been named fireman by its rescuers , was burned by chemicals at a foster home . the group said fireman is resting well and getting stronger each day .
eight-month-old puppy silver was banned from getting close to the prime minister . but aides ordered that the jack russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away from the conservative party leader . owner sarah styler was taking silver for his morning walk when she spotted tv crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house . along with a group of other passersby mrs styler waited to speak to mr cameron . but shortly before he emerged from the building she
will allen and susan daub are accused of reaping more than $ 31 million in a ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes . the securities and exchange commission announced the charges monday against allen , 36 , was a cornerback in the nfl from 2001 to 2012 .
` frozen ' soundtrack sold 10 million copies , while pharrell williams ' ` happy ' was the top single , selling 13.9 million copies . piracy and free internet sites remain a huge problem for anindustry still reeling from impact of turning music intodigital form . vinyl format has had a renaissance and now accounts for 2 percent of revenues .
the 45-year-old , whose top gear future has been in doubt since jeremy clarkson 's unceremonious sacking , has released his first home video on a new channel on youtube . it comes after james may , also in the top gear presenting trio , released a series of videos showcasing his jobless life .
researchers sequenced the microbiomes of yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-yanomami . they gather wild bananas , seasonal fruits , palm hearts and cassava . they hunt birds , small mammals , crabs , frogs , small fish and the occasional peccary , monkey or tapir .
bruno fernndez dubbed the ` majadahonda ripper ' after police searched his home in a suburb of madrid , spain . the 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger , adriana giogiosa , 55 , who was reported missing by her brother .
nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staff shortages are treated like ` slave labour ' . union 's healthcare conference in liverpool highlighted how staff are expected to work six long days a week , totalling up to 78 hours a week . unison has called for more research into how longer working hours affect staff health .
hiroshi ueda , a photographer who worked as an engineer for camera company minolta , claims that he first invented the selfie stick in the 1980s . he said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in europe . after having his camera stolen by a child he asked to take their picture in the louvre museum in paris , he dreamed up a solution - an extendable stick with a tripod screw at the end .
the 24-year-old , who found fame on the only way is essex , has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels and feminine florals inspired by the festival season . says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and ` definitely ' for real women .
spanish town on the camino de santiago pilgrimage route is warning pilgrims not to defecate on the trail . graphic signs telling visitors not to stop for a poo break during their walk to the holy city of saturday . but no one knows who put up the signs , which show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line across it .
the theory was proposed by astronomers seeking to understand what is causing this larger-than-expected cold area . if confirmed , the superplanet would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity . in 2004 astronomers first found the ` cold spot ' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation .
labour leader used speech to claim tory election campaign has descended into ` desperation and panic ' . but 49 % of people plan to vote for the snp , with just 25 % backing labour . in september 's referendum , 55 % voted in favour of staying in the uk .
the worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away . a passer-by who saw the man yesterday said : ` it was disgusting . it wants stopping . we should do the same with this idiot ' .
glenn mason , 56 , plundered accounts of nine pensioners including a 92 year-old man living near his branch in biggin hill , kent . he got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in july 2012 . attempts to cover up his crime by transferring money using the identity of two of his colleagues , julie jeffrey , 50 , and james cato , 35 , led to them being sacked and charged with fraud .
nick clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to ` chip in a bit ' to protect services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year . the well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values , leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up .
cctv captured on cctv installed by frustrated residents in oldham . rather than load the bags into his lorry , the bin man was filmed lifting them out of dustbins along park road in glodwick . they searched contents of the bags before placing stickers on each of them warning residents they could face fines of up to # 50,000 for not having disposed of rubbish properly .
dr oz , 54 , joined columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons . harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty in 1993 . doctors wrote that oz has ` misled and endangered ' the public . the letter read : ` he 's a quack and a fake and a charlatan ' .
prince abdul malik , 31 , and his 22-year-old bride wore diamonds . lavish display of wealth is possibly the most opulent wedding of all time . over last 20 years , wedding expenditure has become an eye-popping affair . celebrities and royals unafraid to spend millions on big day .
study by the centers for disease control and prevention found about 30 percent of women who 'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months . nearly a third of women space their children too close , a government study shows . experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy .
ed and justine miliband first met at a dinner party , hosted by the woman he was ` secretly ' dating . the pair had been back in britain for two months after a brief spell as a lecturer at harvard university in the u.s. ever the policy nerd , the son of a marxist professor waxed lyrical about economic theory .
raymond townsend , a manager at us limousine on long island , new york , was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher geralyn ganci , now 32 , after more than a year of lurid messages . the woman , who sat near his wife in their office , repeatedly refused townsend 's requests for sex , but kept a text from her boss where he said that she lost her job because she ` refused to have sex with him ' . townsend sent
scientists in california have described how to create artificial auroras on earth . they said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles -lrb- 300km -rrb- up into space . it would then fire high-energy beams back at earth 's atmosphere . the accelerator was proposed would be three times stronger than anything like it before , producing a beam with particles 0.5 to 10 million electron volts . pulses of the beam would last just 0.1 microseconds .
a washington , dc-based company called united space structures wants to create a new space station . their giant cylinder could apparently replace the iss . it would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity , and would be 1,300 ft -lrb- 400 metres -rrb- long . the final design would be 330ft in diameter and 1,310ft -lr- 400m -rrrrb year long .
chancellor met his house-cleaning doppelganger at a campaign stop in somerset . he was given a tour of the factory where machines are built . blue version of the popular vaccum brand was unveiled during mr osborne 's visit to numatic factory in chard .
casey veal 's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home at random . the culprit was 19-year-old harley hicks who bashed baby more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery , fuelled by ice and marijuana .
the slums of rio de janeiro , crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight , day or night . as the country 's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels , its markets pull in anyone looking to get high . some of whom once held jobs , had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions .
stephen howells , 39 , and nicole vaisey , 25 , were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the amish girls and other children . each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls , then seven and 12 , from their family 's farm vegetable stand on august 13 . on tuesday , st. lawrence county district attorney mary rain said that defendants were advised of the strength of the evidence and offered an agreement to plead guilty in both cases
sheila secker , 78 , had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son . but as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off . when the grandmother collapsed in her home in december , she could not contact her family and died in hospital a few days later .
 field marshal erwin rommel , nicknamed the desert fox , also became an iconic wartime figure . he famously wore across his peak cap became part of the myth . now the story of how the german came to be in possession of the goggles can be told for the first time . they were given to him by a british prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat .
thomas cain 's mother ora mae died in 1943 , when he was just 12 years old , and he was left thinking that there were no surviving photographs of her . but this footage , recorded in 2013 , shows the moment his enterprising granddaughter , andrea ferrell , 29 , gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative . when his daughter , joyce , explains by saying ` that 's your momma ' , a shocked mr cain can only exclaim
republican darrell issa asked then secretary of state clinton whether she , or any of her senior staff , had used a personal email account ` to conduct official business ' in december 2012 . but issa , who wrote as chairman of the house committee on oversight and government reform , was ignored until more than a month after clinton had stepped down in february 2013 . the reply did not answer the question - instead going into detail over the state department 's email policy .
nicola sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to scotland ` as soon as possible ' . the first minister was forced to admit her mps would vote for fiscal autonomy as early as next year , despite the catastrophic collapse in north sea oil revenues .
memo for members of congress states damningly that ` the uk may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the united states in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the us agenda ' . dated april 2015 and drawn up to brief the senate and house of representatives on impact of britain 's general election .
a lawsuit filed by joyce kuhl , a grandmother from south carolina who visited the orlando park in 2013 , claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools . in her suit , she alleges that the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint the orcas with black zinc oxide to disguise the injuries .
bristol county sheriff thomas hodgson said hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen . the 25-year-old was convicted april 15 of the 2013 killing of odin lloyd . his lawyer did not immediately return messages seeking comment .
the snp leader has denied telling french ambassador sylvie bermann she would prefer david cameron to remain in number 10 while suggesting that ed miliband was not prime minister material . ms sturgeon told supporters at a rally in glasgow today that she had written to sir jeremy to demand an official investigation .
georgina chapman , who turned 39 on tuesday , shared an instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her . ` thank you for my beautiful flowers !!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday , ' she wrote . the birthday gift comes four days after she learned he will not face criminal charges .
nyia parler , 41 , wrote on facebook a day after allegedly abandoning her quadriplegic 21-year-old son in the pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible . just 24 hours earlier , police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west philadelphia and left him there . relatives , who had been contacted by the boy 's school when he did n't turn up to class on tuesday , commented on parler
tony blackburn has called for lessons to be learnt after historic sex abuse allegations . the 72-year-old 's long-term employer is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff . several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of operation yewtree , including broadcasters dave lee travis and rolf harris .
amber phillips of los angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in california on tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients . ` the pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work , ' she said .
queen 's hospital in burton , staffordshire , admitted they did n't tell relatives about the arrangement and a spokesman has claimed the use of a lorry is normal practice across the country . bodies were transferred to the mortuary for viewings , then returned to the truck , according to one hospital worker .
amie cox , 33 , of victoria made the ready admission of the sensory bond she has for son alex , 5 , over her older boy william , 7 , while appearing on an sbs insight programme about sibling rivalry . she said the bond with alex 's scent began from the first moment she held him after giving birth and that for the first six to 12 months of his life she did n't want anyone else to touch him or ` rub their smell on him ' .
shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it . the 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .
doctors who treated brain cancer sufferer ashya king in britain refused to let him have chemotherapy . consultant peter wilson told a bbc documentary ashya 's chances of long-term survival could have been halved by brett and naghmeh king 's decision to flee abroad with him before he had the treatment he was being offered here .
kim jong-un , 32 , ` scaled the 9,000 ft high mount paektu near chinese border ' . told troops at its peak that the climb was like ` nuclear weapons ' . pictures released by north korean state media show the leader smiling on the top at sunrise .
almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years . the incidents seem to be increasing . compromised information included patients ' names , home addresses , ages , illnesses , test results or social security numbers . most involved electronic data and theft , including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives .
chancellor was booed in front of his two children at the paralympics . he has gone from being booed to being credited with helping to turn britain 's economy around . but he knew that he had to break out of the towel , but knew he was going to pretend it was easy .
john and karen copleston claim paul phillips , 67 , ` constantly harassed ' them . they moved a gate at the back of their # 210,000 house in poole , dorset . after taking advice from police they moved the gate to halfway down the path . the couple challenged him they say embarked on a campaign of misery .
video taken from a plane yesterday shows falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform , before a gust of wind sways it to one side . the 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge , but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact . spacex once compared it to balancing a broomstick on your hand .
leslie cooper , 36 , will be charged over the suspected murder of abdul hadi arwani , 48 . he was found dead in his car in wembley last week . the imam ran a building company as well as preaching at mosques . cooper remanded in custody by a judge at camberwell magistrates ' court .
corinna skorpenske , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took to facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer , while defending her daughter harley jo , a student at ohio state university , and her condition . ` my first reaction was anger , ' corinna told yahoo health .
ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am will all have their fingers crossed for his success . because it 's not just a hit single stevie needs , he also has to break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts .
catholic bishops in the usa have slammed wolf hall for its ` perverse ' depictions of the historical characters when it first aired . the review also slates the depiction of catholic martyr sir thomas more , played by anton lesser in the show as an ` evidence-flouting caricature ' that is ` sleazy , mean-spirited and just plain rude ' .
young parents hafeez batthi , 33 , and his wife , khalida , 26 , were abused on a sydney train on wednesday afternoon . the couple were in syria for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train . stacey eden overheard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as ` isis terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple .
wayne heneker recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in queensland . during the attempted armed robbery , he discovered the gunman was former colleague shameem rahman . seconds after he fired the shots that he realised that the man he had just killed was an ex-colleague .
thomas buckett plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight and sustained life-changing head injuries . a court heard the group of teenagers had broken into the school 's tuck shop before scaling the roof on a sunday in may 2010 . mr buckett had to undergo invasive surgery when he fell through the roof of clayton hall business and language college in newcastle-under-lyme to fetch a football .
angela kelly , 67 , was suffering from the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels . most women are well aware that wearing heels for any length of time can result in sore feet , pinched toes and tight calf muscles . study carried out by stanford university 's biomotion team .
jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary threatened to remove kindergartner logan from class . the 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused . she claims her son has been using them all year , but then a teacher 's aide complained .
a prisoner who shared a ride to jail with freddie gray claims the 25-year-old was trying to injure himself inside a police van before he died from unexplained spinal cord injuries . the washington post obtained the affidavit from a person who asked the prisoner , who remains jailed for violating a restraining order , not be identified for fears over their safety .
the new horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image of pluto and its largest moon charon ahead of its arrival in three months . taken from a distance of 71 million miles -lrb- 115 million km -rrb- , the blurry image does n't reveal a huge amount of detail - but it is a sign of things to come . as the spacecraft gets closer and closer , the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 july - humanity 's first ever visit
andrew sadek 's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head . his mother tammy believes the answer is that her 20-year-old son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant . authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will .
women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months , with men hitting friendship high point a little later at 27 years and three months . men hit the friendship high a little afterwards at 27 . study found that 25 to 34-year-olds make 22 friends via facebook , compared to 18 to 24-year olds who will have made just four .
putin appeared on russian tv today to insist none of the country 's troops are positioned in the ukraine . the 62-year-old 's forehead , clearly visibly in previous pictures , have disappeared , while his skin look smooth , taut , tanned and younger than ever .
a man has been rescued twice in the same night after falling backwards off a boat dock for a second time . paramedics were called to cockle bay wharf in sydney 's darling harbour . the man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers , but before they could wrap him in a foil blanket , the freezing man lost his footing and fell backwards , landing back in the water again .
jason rezaian has been detained in iran for eight months and faces trial for ` security charges ' unspecified by the government . iran is subject to sanctions from the u.s , europe and the united nations due to its nuclear program . in the washington post , executive editor martin baron called the allegations a ` farce and a sham ' .
a beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for # 3million . it is already drawing interest from viewers who are enamoured with the series ' stunning setting . estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage , overlooking an ancient smugglers ' cove on cornwall 's north coast .
a french model starring in a tv film for garnier is filmed and photographed as she ` ages ' an average of five years throughout a typical working day . at 7am the actress looks bright and bushy tailed , ready for the day ahead - studio lights capture this in the ad . by 9.47 she looks exhausted as she prepares the family dinner and does the laundry after a day at work .
parents craig and bonnie morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life . but so desperate are they to get their son craig into a local prep school . they 've slashed weekly grocery bills by more than half , taken in lodgers . they are selling it for # 185,000 to help pay for craig jr 's prep school fees .
the infamous chilkoot trail in british columbia , used by thousands of men during the klondike gold rush . keith wolfe smarch , a first nation master-carver , had abandoned work on a totem pole to guide me along the infamous chyssoot trail .
the ` cripmas ' party , held last december , had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas , t-shirts with images of the late rapper tupac shakur and fake ` thug ' tattoos . the party was also attended by female students from several sororities .
pope francis described the mass-murders of up to 1.5 million armenians in 1915 as ` the first genocide of the 20th century ' . turkey said pope francis has caused a ` problem of trust ' . today was the first time a pope has publicly used ` genocide ' to describe the massacre .
the male animal was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the church of the holy apostles at 28th street and ninth avenue in chelsea . after the resident alerted two workers to the sighting , nypd officers arrived at the scene . the coyote did not surrender easily , sprinting across the grass and dodging the cops ' attempts to catch it .
scientists found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old neanderthal teeth found in el sidron , spain . at first researchers thought they might have been using plants as a form of self-medication , but now new findings have presented a different theory .
a woman who boarded the bus in ozone park , queens , recorded the unidentified driver marking a set of papers with a highlighter and looking away from the road . she was ` shocked ' that the driver 's behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus , in which all the seats were full .
a 37-year-old man is in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban detroit . the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste and her son timothy . police found the bodies at the home in the eastern suburb after the woman 's sister called police .
the 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her two-year old son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot . online commenters could n't help but note how fit maggie looks only a few months after she and her husband alex mehran welcomed their first daughter into the world .
the eight-page handout , entitled islam/radical islam -lrb- did you know -rrb- , made unsubstantiated claims like : '38 percent of muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed ' . the handout also mentioned sharia law , jihad , and had a section entitled ; ` if taken hostage by radical islamists , what to do ' .
odds on the new royal baby being a girl have tumbled after a bookmaker revealed that 90 per cent of bets placed on the sex have been in favour of a female child . the odds were slashed further yesterday after a scottish punter from edinburgh placed a whopping # 2,000 wager on a new princess with ladbrokes .
a memorial service has been finalised to take place at the eat your greens function centre in eugowra , near ms scott 's home town of canowindra . she was excitedly preparing the last minute details for her wedding and her honeymoon to tahiti with her partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley . on thursday parish priest officiated at the ceremony said he was bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion .
edward fride , the pastor at christ the king church in ann arbor , michigan , suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license . in a pro-gun letter to parishioners , he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant there had been a ` significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response ' .
liam linford oliver-christie caught with drugs under floorboards in west kensington . officers uncovered haul and ` drugs paraphernalia ' with help of sniffer dog . he was jailed for 15 months at the same court in august 2012 for ` turning a blind eye ' to drug dealing at his home .
artist plastic jesus put up seven ` no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around los angeles this week . signs around hollywood , including in front of the kim , khloe and kourtney kards-owned clothing store dash and other hot spots such as the ivy restaurant and cecconi 's on melrose .
aiden turner set hearts aflutter when he stripped off to manfully mow a hay field with a scythe , an ancient cutting tool used for centuries prior to horse drawn and modern mowing machinery . but while the sexy scene helped send audience ratings through the roof , it prompted a scathing critique from a band of enthusiasts dedicated to keeping the age-old art alive .
virgin australia domestic flights it will now serve complimentary food on all its flights . the package will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights . it will complement the free in-flight entertainment on offer already . virgin australian chief customer officer mark hassell said it was committed to maintaining an excellent service .
campbell joined forces with homeland actor david harewood , musician tinie tempah and paralympic medallist / television presenter ade adepitan . campaign features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on april 20 . campbell won 73 caps for his country , scoring one goal over the space of nine years .
the iconic sydney harbour bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on instagram . with 342,969 photos , it has been ranked second with 261,911 photos . it is then followed by the world heritage listed australia as part of research released by love home swap on wednesday .
dj ` dr ' neil fox is accused of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years . one alleged victim says fox repeatedly assaulted her at capital radio 's studios in leicester square . he denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014 .
eric jackson took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest mass shooting on a u.s. military base . he returned to fort hood five years later with other survivors on friday to receive purple heart medals . the army gave the purple hearts to survivors and relatives of the dead in a somber ceremony on the texas military post . ten of the survivors remain on active duty .
marks & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla after years of work with specialist growers in thailand . it has been nicknamed the plango and it is expected to be a big hit . fruit has a bright orange edible skin , which is firmer than a plum , and a sweet taste similar to an alphonso mango but with a softer texture .
xavier denamur sparked fury after he exposed france as a country of microwave cheats . even went as far as to compare chefs ' corner-cutting as being culinary equivalent of low-cost airline . unesco has named france 's ` gastronomic meal ' a world treasure .
ben parsons , 34 , of brighton , surprised girlfriend anna jefferson , 36 , by getting down on one knee after running 24 and a half miles . she was watching her boyfriend run in the brighton marathon with their children nancy , three , and thomas , 11 months .
bookmakers say temperatures in the south could reach 23c -lrb- 73f -rrb- by wednesday . people have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the uk . best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2 c at achnagart in the scottish highlands .
nikko jenkins , 28 , tried to carve ' 666 ' into his forehead but did it backwards . the symbol is described in the biblical book of revelation as ` the sign of the beast ' . it comes amid the 28-year-old 's ongoing appeal that he is mentally unstable .
ken broskey , 69 , of livonia , michigan , has stage 4 cancer . he has been diagnosed with stage 4 oropharyngeal cancer , and doctors have urged him to check into hospice care . instead , he has taken a job with uber , hoping to make enough money in what time he has left to pay off his mortgage so his daughter and two grandchildren can continue to live in his house . now he is getting a little help too from uber after they heard about
muhammed tahir , 53 , of leytonstone , east london , got off his train at mile end and picked a target on the platform . he then followed her onto a central line service and stood as close to her as he could . unable to leave the packed train , she tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his advances .
the humanoid , known as ham , has been drawing in crowds with his incredible range of facial expressions at an electronics event in hong kong this week . the head is created with malleable material using soft-bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology . it contains realistic pores that measure just 4 to 40 nanometers across - there are 10million nanometers in one centimetre .
in the hbo documentary thought crimes which premiered on thursday at tribeca film festival , valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap , torture , and eat his wife online . for those hungry to learn about valle and his stomach-churning fantasies , the film will also be shown on hbo in may .
emma forbes , 49 , and husband graham clempson , 51 , bought it for # 18.5 million in 2007 , before spending large sums on revamping it . the four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms , five bathrooms , an underground pool , a gym , and a lift to take cars to the basement garage .
karen gaynor appeared at rotherham magistrates court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree . the 53-year-old was locked in a police cells for six hours and put on bail for seven months before being put on trial for chopping back tree branches hanging over her garden .
craig roberts , 36 , walked into his town 's post office and an employee shouted from behind the counter that he would have to leave his guide dog bruce outside if he wanted to be served . even when he explained his two-year-old golden labrador retriever cross was a guide dog , the employee allegedly still insisted he should be left outside .
memorials to south africa 's colonial past were defaced by mainly young black protesters . vandals poured paint over scottish-south african missionary andrew murray 's statue in the western cape . war memorials were also defaced . a bronze rider marking the anglo-boer war from 1899 to 1902 , was toppled from his horse .
millie marotta , 36 , is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume animal kingdom . the beautiful black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals , plants and birds . the success of animal kingdom 's has come as a surprise , not least to millie herself .
violet price , 80 , had been missing from her home in moustier village since last week . her son , a businessman who lives in the area , was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party . a 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder .
pittsburgh-based pop-up store has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap . less than 100 sells ceramics , art , and textiles by female artists as a discount to female customers . more active protest than business venture , less than100 is not-for-profit .
arstein erstad discovered the worms on the surface of the snow on sunday . he said there have been multiple reports or worm rainfall in norway . in 2011 , students at galashiels academy in selkirkshire had to abandon their game when invertebrates began falling on them .
jonathan krueger , the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the college of communication and information , was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. friday . police charged justin smith , 18 , with the murder friday afternoon . smith was also charged with robbery , tampering with evidence , and fleeing and evading .
david cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit # 8billion to fund the health service . this is the figure named by nhs boss simon stevens as the amount needed to help plug a # 30billion hole in the accounts over the next five years . the move is designed to demolish cynical labour claims that the tories would ` cut the nhs to the bone ' .
freddie gray died sunday after he ` had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck ' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that 's been kept ` secret ' until today . police still have no answers about what happened that led to the neck injury though baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said , ` whatever happened in the back of the van ' .
the mysterious island , por-bajin , was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern siberia . it is located about 3,800 km from moscow near the mongolian border . the plot thickens as the way it was built , along with the construction materials use , hint at chinese architectural tradition .
robert fidler , 66 , secretly constructed the mock-tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons and lived there with his family from 2002 . he unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit a legal loophole that prevents enforcement action against a structure . now , after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds , communities and local government secretary eric pickles has finally ruled the home on green belt land at honeycrocks farm in salfords , surrey
tina fey was seen out with her husband jeff richmond and daughter penelope friday morning in new york city . this is the first time the emmy-award winning writer , producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of renowned cosmetic dermatologist dr. fredric brandt on april 5 . dr. brandt was said to have been devastated in his final weeks over a caricature of himself on fey 's show unbreakable kimmy sch
the heartwarming scenes captured by professional photographer denis budkov , 35 , during a trip to kuril lake in kamchatka , in russia . he sat and watched as the mother , who was already lying on the banks of the lake , became a makeshift sofa for one of her playful cubs .
the oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic . the roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against joshua corbett . corbett is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in june .
new comres poll for itv news reveals 54 % want her kept out of the next uk government . 59 % want the snp as a whole to play no part in running the country . snp has already suggested it will be ` entitled to vote against any bit of spending ' it does not agree with .
mohammed dahbi was accused of discrimination after ordering actress kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer to ` keep that behavior for the bedroom ' . he warned that if they ignored his request during the trip on september 18 , 2011 , he would throw them out . when they got out , he also called the pair ` b ***** ' , ` c **** ' and ` whores ' .
suspected tv shows including true blood and twilight film series are said to be encouraging the surge and driving a new generation of what the church considers demonic ` possessions ' . professor giuseppe ferrari made the revelation when speaking to a vatican-backed exorcism course in rome .
khim hang , 22 , displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers . the collection , which adopted its own punk-look , showed a strong oriental influence . the line featured oriental influenced prints , rigid soldier tailoring as seen in the kimono jackets , waist ties , loose pants and eyebrow raising stocking shoes .
ryan , 41 , phoned rhodri , 38 , and the two brothers are reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship . the affair was first revealed in june 2011 when ryan 's wife natasha admitted an eight-year affair with the former star winger . she decided to go public in 2011 after ryan giggs ' controversial attempt to place a gagging order on big brother star imogen thomas .
tom ryan , 40 , was struck by a toyota while making deliveries on staten island , leaving the hanging by a thread . onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding . he has lost one leg , but is expected to live , a ups representative said .
nicola sturgeon , who has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in loanhead , sparked outrage with her suggestion by refusing to rule out a second vote on breaking up the union . lib dem leader nick clegg warned the entire country would suffer if the snp chose to ` constantly ask everybody the same question until they get an answer they want ' .
the rapid growth and establishment of the islamic state in iraq and syria has been far from an accidental rise of religious fanaticism . a cache of documents , including the blueprints for an isis secret service and instructions on how to infiltrate and take control of local villages have been discovered .
patrick o'melia , 39 , a deputy with the volusia county sheriff 's office , was flagged down while he was on patrol near deland in florida . when he found braddock unconscious in the front seat of a car he spent seven minutes giving him cpr and eventually revived him .
the latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent . but while voters are saying one thing in public , britain 's bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private . twice as many bets on who will win the most seats have been placed on the conservatives than labour .
the splatters of blood on the checklist for the very first us spacewalk were from an astronaut as he frantically battled to close the hatch door of the spacecraft . but the gemini 4 mission of june 1965 ultimately proved successfully , and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon for the first time four years later .
the 27-year-old former intelligence analyst was convicted of espionage in july 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the wikileaks website . manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named chelsea elizabeth manning . in february this year , manning was approved for hormone treatment , allowing the former army private to make the transition into a woman while serving out her sentence .
andrei lunev was reporting on recent fighting in shyrokyne , east ukraine . he suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds after stepping on landmine . he was taken to hospital in novoazovsk near russian border , where he later regained consciousness . incident took place in wake of exchanges of fire overnight .
sertar sits on elevations of 12,500 ft and the religious devotees battle harsh climates to study at the remote dwelling . the wooden huts are built so closely together , they look like a red sea spreading up the hilly terrain . the segregation of male and female living quarters is marked by a winding road , which weaves through the dense mass of huts .
us environmental protection agency said it is contacting employees to determine how many others might have been exposed to the pesticide . methyl bromide is a potent neurotoxin , so it really affects your central nervous system , ' epa regional administrator judith enck said . the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma .
the 223ft explorer is an exclusive superyacht which comes with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 guests . for those who do n't fancy taking a dip in the sea , there is an infinity pool on deck which is two decks deep . it was designed to withstand any weather conditions and is sturdy enough to circumnavigate the globe .
two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after ` all hell broke loose ' . police were called after teenagers started ` running riot ' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at southport holiday park , merseyside . a lad knocked two girls clean out and they were lying there on the floor .
mary day , 60 , of swanage in dorset , used taxpayers ' money to go on luxury holidays to the indian resort of goa for up to a month each time . savings were # 11,000 above the # 16,000 threshold for savings while claiming such benefits , which meant she was overpaid benefits for more than four years .
the white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east tibet after researchers set up camera traps . the monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area . it earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face .
david nellist , 38 , of keswick , cumbria was caught on cctv punching , kicking and throwing his dog across the room . he was sentenced to two months in prison , suspended for 18 months , ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of # 1,580 .
labour leader has taken four point lead over the tories with just 28 days until polling day . revelation comes in wake of furious political row over labour leader 's character . defence secretary michael fallon said mr miliband could stab britain in the back like he did to his brother .
almost three quarters of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month , compared with 63 % who steer clear of the comfort food . 84 % of grilled cheese fans love to travel compared with 78 % of those who are n't keen on the sandwich . the type of cheese you put in your sandwich could also reveal a lot about you .
dave hughes and hinch appeared on monday night 's q&a panel discussing depression and alcohol . audience member lauren hayes asked minister for trade and investment andrew robb if he thought mr abbott 's ` display of irresponsible drinking was an act of peer pressure or an attempt to become more popular with younger voters ' .
shadow business secretary chuka umunna said he was opposed to ` taxing for the sake of taxing ' . remarks highlighted divisions in labour 's top ranks over the 50p rate . in fact , the rate applied to income over # 150,000 , and labour has said it will reintroduce it if re-elected .
the harewood arms in wakefield , west yorkshire , has publicly revealed its support for the right-wing party . the pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises . the decision to support ukip , landlord matt eason wrote on facebook : ` we believe in a lot of the policies uritip stands for regarding the pub industry ' .
lorraine valentine suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria -lrb- epp -rrb- which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or uv light . the 42-year-old in hospital for six days , as the heat caused her entire body to swell . in summer , everyday tasks like picking her children up from school or going to buy some milk become extremely difficult . now , as temperatures in the
nick cousins , 57 , and grace garcia cousins , 53 , were held over alleged ` ill treatment ' of their child after it emerged that her birth , and that of her 14-year-old sister , were never registered . the couple were also being questioned by police over claims that filipino mrs cousins had overstayed her visa .
experts said training was ` heavily geared ' towards young people . this left them vulnerable when companies start ` shedding ' jobs . over-55s had same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24 . they were worse at these skills than colleagues in their 30s and 40s . older workers could no longer rely on loyalty to their company .
jake castner , 19 , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts . he boasted on the social media site : ` we do n't talk to police ! ' . he joked about the ` nightmare ' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences . on sunday , on his fourth day on the run , castner boasted ` police ca n't catch me when i 'm prowling ' . on
gunfights broke out and vehicles were set ablaze in one of mexico 's biggest cities . activity in parts of reynosa , a city across the rio grande . from mcallen , texas , ground to a halt on friday afternoon after . vehicles were torched and shooting began .
kelly watson , of gateshead in tyne and wear , started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co-ordination . despite regular trips to gps , it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young . after tests and a brain scan , she was hit with the horrifying news of early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday on june 23 last year . now she is terrified of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter h
the grey cat has already racked up a remarkable 44.1 k instagram followers . albert einstein , from salt lake city , is a constant source of entertainment . the hit social media account is run by his owners mike and susan singleton . the pet is accompanied by a sarcastic caption , giving the animal a sinister and funny internal dialogue .
kent sprouse was put to death by lethal injection thursday night in texas . he was arrested more than a decade ago that he killed a police officer and another man outside a dallas-area convenience store . a jury decided in 2004 that he should be executed , and unsuccessful appeals since then have focused on whether he was mentally ill at the time of the slayings in 2002 .
the shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago . with scenes reminiscent of the fairy tale goldilocks and the three bears , the family matriarch cooks porridge for the little bear at the family 's home in tulun , russia 's irkutsk region .
anna foord , of elstree , hertfordshire , convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent . she flew to new york to shop in fifth avenue 's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made . she was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the # 1.5 m ` boiler room ' scam . but they were arrested and foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud
body cam vision captured at a known hoon-hotspot in yatala on the gold coast . a 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on saturday night . officers can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics to transport the injured victims to hospital .
carole middleton , the new arrival 's grandmother , has become a permanent fixture at the country home , while in the nursery , nanny maria teresa turrion borrallo is preparing to welcome a second charge . but while much of the effort has focused on prince george and making sure he does n't feel left out , more still has gone in to giving the nursery a makeover .
the president and former actor went off-script during a peace summit in geneva in the 1980s to ask the soviet leader for his support in the event of an invasion from extra terrestrial life . reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students , and his subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them .
 rye silverman , 32 , a los angeles-based writer and self-confessed ` gender rebel ' , has been a fan of modcloth 's designs for years . often posts pictures of herself wearing the clothing on the company 's style gallery , an open fashion forum where customers can showcase how they have styled each item to suit their own personal tastes .
cheryl rios , who runs go ape marketing , posted her views on her facebook page on sunday after hillary clinton announced that she was going to run for president . ` with the hormones we have , there is no way -lsb- a woman -rsb- should be able to start a war , ' she wrote in her post . ` yes i run my own business and i love it and i am great at it but that is not the same as being the president ,
a small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off . a female of average weight would need to walk for the full 40 minutes , whereas an 80 kilogram male could burn it off in 30 minutes . experts are advising that it is better to manage our energy consumption than to try and work it off .
alison sharland , 47 , agreed a # 10.35 million settlement in a deal that saw her give up her claim to an equal share in her husband 's software company . but husband charlie had lied about the value of his share in appsense , and she now says she is entitled to more . the court of appeal found that mr sharland deliberately hidden information and lied to the court but refused to overturn the divorce settlement .
michael schumacher 's daughter gina has revealed her impressive riding skills at a horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth . the 17-year-old was seen wearing a variety of elaborately decorated cowboy-style outfits and wearing a brown stetson hat . she is expected to take part in the grand final of the tournament .
kieron power 's wife had previously been given a # 110 ticket for stopping in the same place for 45 seconds behind a police car and van . a week after she received the ticket given out by a council cctv ` spy car ' , he went back to gather evidence of police cars parked at the stop in kingston upon thames , south-west london .
mary kay letourneau , 53 , and her husband , vili fualaau , 31 , will talk about her rape trial and their married life in an interview with barbara walters on ' 20/20 , which will air on friday . the former seattle teacher shot to infamy after starting a relationship with the 12-year-old sixth-grade student and falling pregnant with his child when he was just 13 . after she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship ,
geraldine schultz , 67 , was blown from the home where she died in fairdale , illinois . she was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory . photograph shows trail of chaos left by the tornado , which cut path straight through the small down of fairdale . widower clem schultz was miraculously reunited with his dog missy .
audrey pekin , 19 , says she was raped twice on christmas eve in bali . he lured her to his remote home and then assaulted her again in a taxi . the pair began drinking together at the bounty bar in kuta before moving to the nearby sky garden to continue the night . alafu told ms pekin a party was taking place a nearby villa , and the pair agreed to go to it together . she was not put off by the lack of noticeable noise that suggested
brianne altice , 35 , was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges , including rape , sodomy , sexual abuse and sex with a minor . in mid-march , one of the alleged victims brought a $ 647,000 lawsuit against the utah school district accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the ` flirtatious ' teacher before she started a sexual relationship with him .
the fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in the french region of poitou-charentes . similar marks have been seen at other neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives . this is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years .
glen walford , 75 , has spent two years fighting worcestershire county council . she has recently invested # 40,000 in renovations , not her home at the time . the theatre director intended to retire , for care home fees , which can be up to # 600 a week .
lee keeley grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall . the 38-year-old defendant chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair after losing his temper in january . he was jailed for two years and given an indefinite restraining order , preventing him from contacting his former partner .
the ` nail ' houses in china left standing after their owners refused to give in to property developers vying for their demolition . homes are known as ` dingzihu ' or ` nail houses ' because they stick out and are difficult to remove . a nail housestands in the centre of a construction site which will be developed as a new apartment zone in hefei , anhui province .
dawn williamson , 39 , was crippled by her 30-year phobia of snakes . she would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day . but viewers of itv1 's this morning were amazed as therapists nik and eva speakman broke down dawn 's phobia with their no-nonsense approach .
google has announced a tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term ` find my phone ' on the search engine 's homepage . it works with all android phones that have the latest google app installed , and it appears to only work when you 're signed into your google account on chrome . the same google account must be signed into on the phone .
model and actress sulinh lafontaine is not a daredevil stunt driver . in the run-up to the premiere of the fast & furious franchise , the athletic , petite brunette gained notice with her claims she was the sole female stunt driver in the action flick starring vin diesel , michelle rodriguez and dwayne johnson .
andrew steele , 40 , has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last august of his wife , 39-year-old ashlee steele . the defense kicked things off detailing steele 's condition and how science will prove him not responsible . steele was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last june .
 buddhist monk wu yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at lingquan temple in central china 's anyang city . now 17 years on , his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible . records show his parents died he was 15-years-old , leading him to run away to become a monk in shanxi yanan qing hua temple . when wuyqing passed away his disciples placed his body
only a quarter of voters do n't feel the need to know about politician 's wives , a poll has found . the party leaders have made their wives more prominent in this election campaign than ever before . the findings may come as a shock to ed miliband , david cameron and nick clegg .
australian woman is on a campaign to reunite a lost ring with its owner . roxy walsh found the ring while snorkelling at finns beach club in bali . the gold ring has what appears to be a family crest and has been engraved with the heartfelt message .
jamie pettingill , who threatened to slice off a schoolboy 's face , was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones . he robbed two women , a man and two schoolboys of their phones , and sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family , county court judge sandra davis said . in the most serious incident he flashed a knife at a school boy , telling him ` do n't f**k with
marie surprenant was eight-months-old when she was admitted to the children 's healthcare of atlanta with more than 14 fractures , numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic . after her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested , marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by michele . she was recently accepted into one of the city 's top private schools for the fourth grade .
isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike . he was travelling in a three-car convoy in march in nineveh , iraq . at first his chances of survival were deemed by his lieutenants to be low . but he was left so weakened that his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader .
christopher flowers was driving down chili avenue near route 390 in rochester . dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt , causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames . immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from his top . but windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned flames so much that they engulfed his entire torso .
jack mascitelli , from victoria , took up the unsavoury dare in broad daylight at 8.45 am during schoolies week in the popular nsw beach town . prank backfired when he accidentally ran ` screaming and yelling ' past a group of police officers . officers then found him hiding in a nearby kebab shop .
the female-looking robot , named aiko chihira , is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in tokyo . she will only speak japanese - but she is also capable of sign language . the technology was first shown off at ceatec 2014 in japan .
cry ` corey ' campbell , 21 , was the ringleader of the gang , who have become known as the ` tattoo terrorists ' . campbell believed the victim , greg valecce , had hurt his cat , pebbles . valce , an unemployed drug addict , had been staying in the basement of campbell 's mother 's house in mayfair , in the city 's northeast , but that basement would become a torture chamber where he would be strapped to a
the house in the sea sits right on the beach in newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge . surrounded by water and isolated from the town , the tiny island is far from basic . the interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design , with panoramic sea views offered at every turn .
ranette afonso , 42 , will marry marko conte , 30 , this october . they fell head over wheels in love and moved in together within two months . ranette 's 20-year marriage was already coming to an end by the time marko unexpectedly came into her life at the end of august 2013 .
kyle seitz , 37 , received two years of conditional release , a sentence similar to probation , at the hearing in danbury superior court after his lawyer read aloud a letter written by his wife asking the judge for leniency on his behalf . authorities say seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son , benjamin , to day care on the morning of july 7 , 2014 , and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work . temperatures that day soared into
a kentucky woman was forced to give birth on interstate 65 on thursday while stuck in traffic waiting for the presidential motorcade to pass . fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock , sitting in her car nearby , who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy , arley , safely . it was bumper-to-bumper all up the i-65 in louisville for president obama 's visit to the city to tour a technology plant and give
jesus salas aguayo , a former gun for hire and jarez cartel boss , was arrested on friday by mexican authorities . he is charged with multiple felonies including the distribution of narcotics , homicide and arms trafficking . in 2008 the sinaloa cartel declared war on juarez as it sought to take control of ciudad juarez , a city of 1.5 million people that sits on the border with el paso , texas .
the cannes film festival has been declared a selfie-free zone . organisers asked celebrities to stop taking the ` ridiculous and grotesque ' images . but director thierry fremaux admitted he did not have the powers to ban the pictures altogether . he urged movie starts to resist the temptation , he said .
sybil meister believes her daughter koral reef picked up the deadly and mysterious balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to lake havasu in may 2013 . the 20-year-old temecula , california woman would be dead just over a year later from a rare , deadly and incurable brain-eating amoeba infection .
the nasuwt union said indiscipline is a ` significant problem ' with teachers sworn at , kicked and punched . last year , staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs , brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children 's throats . a deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism .
a new series , chaos caught on camera airs on the science channel at 10pm on monday , april 13 . a battle between a hungry lion and a buffalo in the mjejane reserve in south africa will be seen on the show . the adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage .
dmitry kaminskiy , a senior partner of hong kong-based firm deep knowledge ventures , is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of ` supercenternarians ' . he says research into stem cells , tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 .
this week 's remarkable spell of sunshine in southern england is to continue - and warm up . the temperature in the south is forecast to reach 24c -lrb- 75f -rrb- tomorrow , surpassing the highest seen so far this year , the 21.9 c recorded in london on friday .
dr nadeem azeez , 52 , is thought to be in pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence . maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust is also accused of corporate manslaughter . frances cappuccini died within hours of her second son 's birth after suffering major complications that resulted in the loss of half her blood .
abc program lateline revealed the telemovie will be shown in countries such as syria , iraq and afghanistan later in the year . the drama , commissioned by the customs and border security agency , will reportedly have a story-line which involves the australian navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea . an immigration department spokesperson would not clarify whether the government will fully fund the drama .
the incident occurred in the busy fisherman 's wharf area of san francisco when the cyclist rode up to the vehicle , yelled at the driver , banged on his window and pushed in his mirror . he was also charged with failing to maintain a three-foot space between his car and the cyclist .
elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . mrs sedway suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the short video .
corey edwards , from teignmouth , devon , was diagnosed with a complex congenital heart defect at the age of seven months . he has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments . the five-year-old has been on the paediatric intensive care unit at bristol children 's hospital since january .
michelle o'clee , 39 , said her bigamist husband 's ` extraordinary lies ' were like something from a john grisham thriller . andrew , 36 , secretly moved in with finance manager philippa campbell , who lived 40 miles away . he went on to marry her in lavish wedding while michelle was pregnant with their first child .
london has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across its local authorities , four times more than the entire editorial staff . nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each , with manchester city council the worst offender for its size . it has 77 individuals working for it in pr and similar areas .
maria twomey , 42 , of watford , became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike . she has now left behind her job in nursing and has joined the ranks of professional fitness models , hitting the gym for three hours a day .
richard williams , 54 , spent # 50,000 turning a canal narrowboat into a replica german second world war submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope . his ex-wife laurel howarth , 28 , was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded her majesty 's revenue and customs of # 1,017,505 .
the figure equates to # 183 an hour , was paid by the shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust . it represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a freedom of information request . it also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in december last year .
arman nejad , 23 , dragged the teenager into his house and abused her . she then went to police in february 2010 and was interviewed by officers . three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved . today greater manchester police admitted ` unacceptable delays and failures ' allowed the rapist to live as a free man just streets away from the girl he attacked .
the video was taken of a routine skydive in everd , sweden . it spins quickly to the ground for a minute and a half before crashing into a field . remarkably , the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height . as two divers continue to link hands , their two friends circle them as they free fall from the plane .
karen catherall , 45 , was brutally beaten and strangled to death by darren jeffreys . the pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home in gwernaffield near mold , flintshire , north wales , when she followed and attacked in an alcohol-fuelled rage . he was jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in february .
shanna mccormick , 31 , from manchester , ballooned to nearly 28st . she feared she would not live to see her wedding day . doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she did n't slim down - and fast . couple are engaged to be married and have bought a house together .
the loose women panellist said she was ` hounded on twitter ' after airing her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers . the 34-year-old mother-of-two said on loose women this afternoon ' i was referring to extreme sizing ' . she said she had found anger directed towards her following her comments ` really difficult ' .
lucy jones from almond board of california studied snacking habits . she identified three tribes of snackers : snack amnesiacs and super snackers . this tribe only nibble sensibly , as and when their body tells them to . the 21 day snack happy challenge is important to control hunger .
liana barrientos , 39 , is accused of making threatening statements against the u.s. in 2006 after an investigation by the joint terrorism task force , it has been revealed . one of the men , 38-year-old lianna barriento wed was deported back to pakistan in february , but was legally married to four people at the time .
the stone tools were discovered buried in sediment along the west coast of lake turkana in kenya . it means that ancient human ancestors were creating tools hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first ` man ' - the start of our branch of the evolutionary tree known as homo .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , said as he was ushered out of the courtroom in daytona beach , florida . he is accused of walking into wayne county community college in goldsboro , north carolina on monday and killing his former supervisor , ronald lane , 44 , before fleeing on a motorbike . he was arrested more than 500 miles away early on tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a florornia beach . he will be
walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat , from sydney , picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner 's cup of tetley 's tea . the bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks , sipping on tea and eating snacks .
photographer linden gledhill from staffordshire combines his love of photography with a phd in biochemistry . the 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly 's wing pattern . the tiny scales combine to give the striking colouration of the eastern tiger swallowtail .
labour 's deputy leader harriet harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare . she said the policy would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families . more than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first go back to work after maternity leave , and two-thirds of grandparents with grandchildren aged under 16 provide some childcare .
gemma , 23 , has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old . now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all , after discovering her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat , and because she suspects her of stealing .
margaret tyler , 71 , and john loughery , 60 , have begun arriving at the lindo wing ahead of the 2012 diamond jubilee . the group , which includes well-known royal enthusiast , could be in for a long wait as the duchess of cambridge 's due date is more than a week away .
alit verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as shiva after the stolen items were discovered in the boy 's bag at dwarika prasad school in railamau village . the alleged beating was so severe that the child complained of a severe stomach ache and began vomiting blood once he arrived home .
knox was exonerated for the 2007 murder of meredith kercher in november 2007 . three weeks after an italian court overturned her conviction for the murder of british student . she said she was threatened with rape from a male guard . preston hinted to radaronline that she is suffering ptsd and seeking professional help .
alexander pacteau , 21 , charged with murdering irish student karen buckley . he is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice . miss buckley 's body was found six miles north of her home in glasgow . a huge police search was launched after her disappearance .
activated charcoal is thought to act as a ` detox ' are you the first to jump on the latest food fad bandwagon ? do you regularly pack your diet full of flax seeds and acai berry - all in hope of improving your cholesterol , preventing cancer and promoting weight loss ? every day across the world scientists publish countless studies into health benefits of various foods .
justine miliband , 44 , met labour leader at dinner party hosted by a mutual friend . thought he was ` good looking ' and ` unattached ' . but labour leader failed to tell his future wife he was secretly going out with their ` mutual friend ' . she was campaigning with her husband in the north west .
according to eyewitnesses at benihana 's japanese restaurant in encino , california , tori , hubby dean mcdermott , their kids , liam , stella , hattie and finn , and a few other guests , had enjoyed their easter brunch , when tori tripped and fell onto a hot grill used to prepare food in front of customers . when she got up to leave and tripped , falling backwards on to a scorching hot
jamie oliver 's company has warned young stars such as zoella should be more aware of the adverts that appear alongside their posts . it comes after an investigation found that video blogs - known as vlogs -- popular with children aged 11 to 17 are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food and online gambling sites .
greg scott , 51 , a basketball coach at cass high school in georgia , likely had contracted a fast-moving type of leukemia , months before his death . leukemia is a type of cancer that starts in cells that form new blood cells . in patients who suffers from aml , bone marrow cells do not mature the bone marrow .
the 61-year-old democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon dr salomon melgen , 60 . the indictment unsealed this month and detailed in the new york post . perhaps the most embarrassing of the accusations is that menendez used his influence to get visas for married melgen 's multiple young lovers abroad .
muslim engagement and development said to have boasted they can act as ` kingmakers ' when the country goes to the polls . group wants to let british muslims fight in syria without fear of prosecution . at least one election candidate is said to be approached by a high-profile muslim and offered campaign money in return for back the group 's ` muslim manifesto ' .
na chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house by herself in the xiangtan district , south china . the five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property . some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating , while others supported her feet .
siyanda ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman , whom mailonline has chosen not to name . the alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims and reportedly told female contestants that she did not consent to having sex . the contestant on the south african version of big brother has been expelled .
victoria 's secret angel alessandra ambrosio is recovering at a hospital in los angeles following a ` medical procedure ' for ` constant headaches ' . the brazilian supermodel , seen partying at the coachella festival in california on sunday - underwent the procedure on tuesday . she is currently being monitored at ucla hospital in westwood , la .
andy jordan from made in chelsea has had many adventures beyond london 's exclusive sw3 postcode . the carefree traveller says he often packs the bare minimum and even enjoys staying in the odd travelodge . he also enjoys a stay at travelodge , while also enjoys the best hotels around the world .
the daily mirror published sensational pictures of the hatton garden raiders 21 hours before scotland yard released them in a bid to appeal for information about identities of the thieves . the tabloid claims it handed the images to police , who were ` delighted ' . but yesterday afternoon detectives insisted they already had the cctv footage , which they claim was recovered ` at the earliest opportunity ' .
the first name that comes to mind when thinking of aboriginal models for even the most die-hard of fashionistas is samantha harris . the only other indigenous face to join the 24-year-old stunner at the biggest week on the country 's fashion calendar over the past two years is lauren feenstra .
ashy bines , who is the face of the popular fitness program , is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago . the debts , which were due last may , include income and tax , a fine and $ 295,955 worth of interest . the case will be heard in a brisbane court next friday .
benjamin carr , 22 , harboured a burning hatred of mother-of-five pennie davis . he ordered fellow drug dealer justin robertson to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier . mrs davis was found in a pool of blood by her new husband after she was stabbed while tending her horses in the new forest .
the fortress measures two kilometres in circumference and protected by an imposing 12-metre wall . it was built in 1393 and managed to repel all attacks by invading mongolian armies . restoration work will see the restoration of the ming and qing era commercial districts , the great wall martial museum , the golden harvest academy and performance theatres .
the ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to los angeles to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of marvel 's avengers : age of ultron . his offer was up for grabs via $ 10 -lrb- # 6.80 -rrb- raffle tickets and raised money for children 's hospice julia 's house . dorset-based charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in wiltshire . it
the western lowland gorillas have been spotted roaming around the zoo 's congo gorilla forest exhibit with their mothers layla and kumi . they are both 16 years old and have been welcomed by the other 17 gorillas in the enclosure , including ernie , 32 , who is father to them both .
viktoria 's crestfallen reaction was captured on camera by her father , barles charkley . the video stars his toddler daughter viktoria as she comes to terms with the tragedy that is the death of simba the lion 's father , mufasa . the little girl is seated hunched up on the sofa gazing at the screen .
the jedis are all but extinct , the old republic is in turmoil and the threat of the death star is looming in ` rogue one ' . fans at the star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california were able to view a preview of the first star wars spin-of entitled rogue one .
chris greenwood stayed at camping la chappelle with his wife , catherine , and children , joe and five-year-old anna , after arriving in a tired and tetchy state . the children spent plenty of time in the pool , playing with many new friends they made .
tasters at jacob 's creek sampled different types of wine with 10 of the nation 's most popular snacks and light bites . sauvignon blanc was found to be the perfect pairings for salted popcorn and a scotch egg goes down a treat with a drop of fiano .
the collision happened about 3pm on norfolk southern railway tracks near downtown meridian , mississippi . the 57-year-old woman was killed instantly on wednesday after she drove her suv around an active crossing gate and collided with an amtrak crescent train . no one else was in the vehicle .
luke brett moore , 27 , was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception in goulburn district court . opening a freedom saving account with st george bank in 2010 , moore was able to overdraw $ 2.189 million over three years .
tom richards , 25 , was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of swansea . after being held in a cell for 11 hours , cage fighter was bailed at 7pm . it comes after westbrook accused her younger former boyfriend of violence online . she strenuously denies the allegations and has not been charged .
google is said to be in talks with hutchison whampoa to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost . industry sources said the firms are discussing a ` wholesale access agreement ' that would help google create a global network . customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls , send texts and use data as part of their plan , regardless of where in the world they are .
the victim , who has not been named , was walking in the subway underneath a road in newbury , berkshire , when two boys approached him . they sprayed the highly flammable wd40 , usually used on cars or locks , over him before producing a lighter and threatening to burn him . the victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment .
australian tourist filmed the video on a hot day in bali , indonesia . he squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down . the man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk .
the footballer checked into a facility on january 28 after stating that he wanted to ` be a better family member , friend and teammate , ' and tuesday night the cleveland browns quarterback was seen enjoying a texas rangers game with girlfriend colleen crowley . this as offseason workouts with the team will begin next monday , april 20 . manziel skipped out on a saturday morning team treatment session because he overslept , and in turn was fined by the browns .
paul monk , 54 , from essex , was wanted by spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of francis brennan . he was also wanted by the metropolitan police on drug offences and had been named on a list of fugitives published as part of the national crime agency 's operation captura campaign .
felicity waterford was waiting for her daughter at the sydney conservatorium of music when she saw john howard 's car had a flat tyre . she noticed the vehicle and got out to offer some assistance . but as she inched closer she was shocked to see the former pm standing on the footpath . the pair pulled off and into the conservatorium to change it .
governor is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the december announcement that the us and cuba would restore diplomatic relations after more than a half century of hostility and confrontation . today , cuomo met with cuba 's top officials for u.s. relations along with executives from jetblue , mastercard , pfizer and other new york-based companies .
ten former atlanta public school educators , convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest u.s. test-cheating scandals , were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars . fulton county judge jerry baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests .
nigel farage met ivan loncsarevity at hinge factory in essex . he was quick to insist he did not want to send eu migrants home to stop them taking jobs of young britons . mr farage 's immigration policy has been shrouded in confusion for weeks .
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day . 35-year-old from woolacombe in devon is currently in his home county and is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on thursday .
the queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover . he lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box . unfortunately for him , the entire incident was caught on camera . holidaymaker david meadwell recorded the unscheduled manouevre .
the 61-year-old actor says church elders have a ` blackmail file ' of ` damaging material ' from travolta 's sessions with auditors . he said it has been a support system for his family for four decades , particularly as he mourned the death of his disabled son jett in 2009 .
the film , called sun , was created by filmmaker michael knig from cologne , germany . it uses footage recorded by nasa 's solar dynamics observatory -lrb- sdo -rrb- spacecraft between 2011 and 2015 . highlights of the video include large , bright tendrils extending outward from the sun 's surface and occasionally crashing down again .
british army fired 46 million bullets at the taliban during afghan conflict . some 27 million 5.56 rounds were fired from either the standard sa-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun . one former sas solider said british troops were fighting for their lives on a daily basis .
two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis after eating at the sutton arms pub . inspectors discovered evidence of rodent infestation in food storage area . owner michael alan flegg pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences . six specimen samples from people who visited the pub on april 20 last year were taken .
researchers in the us examined effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40 . half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast , lunch and dinner over 12 days , while the other half had drinks made with the artificial sweetener aspartame . volunteers were instructed not to consume other sugary drink , including fruit juice , outside these times . before and after the study period , the women were given a difficult maths test and then underwent mri scans to measure the response
ellia beasley had the line ` scream your heart out ' written across her belly . she loved the song so much , she decided to have a tattoo on her belly in 2012 . but she lived to regret her decision after the band 's lead singer was exposed as a paedophile and child abuser .
former director of public prosecutions said lawyers involved in decision not to charge lord janner with child abuse in 2007 failed to pass new evidence to him . lord macdonald qc said instead of consulting with headquarters in leicestershire decided fresh evidence against janner was not worth pursuing through the courts . decision meant janner , now 86 , was able to escape prosecution for eight years until the cps controversially announced earlier this week that he is now unfit to stand trial due to alzheimer 's
warning : graphic content . militants filmed using sledgehammers and ak-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues . in the slickly produced seven minute footage , jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues in the 2,000-year old city . militants also recorded chipping away at bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars .
the new york-based writer is blaming plus-size retailer lane bryant for continuing to perpetuate the weight war . in an essay published on xojane , amanda richards hit out at the recent i 'm no angel lingerie campaign , which was widely perceived to have been a rather blatant critique of popular lingerie giant victoria 's secret .
sergeant dan urman 's father eitan urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground , he slipped on the ice . as part of the planned surprise , eitan and his wife ronit , of scottsdale , arizona , had been invited to drop the puck before the coyotes game against the anaheim ducks on saturday .
amsterdam falafel shop in washington dc , us , is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches cannabis to food . menu advises to pair a baba ganoush and chickpea , pickle , tomato , cucumber , tahini and red pepper sauce salad with a cactus joint .
joel parker , 33 , was about to get off the sunshine bus in st johns county on wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a snickers bar . when the driver declined the offering , parker threw the candy bar at his head instead , police said . parker posted $ 250 bond and was issued a trespass warning .
the company of clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean . but the corporate twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages .
joseph t. brennan jr. of norwell , massachusetts was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials . he pleaded not guilty to possession of an infernal device . the blast left the man with minor injuries and he was admitted to brigham and women 's hospital in boston .
joanne whitehouse applied for her four-year-old daughter alice to go to st john fisher 's rc primary school in middleton near rochdale . her sons joel , nine , harri , seven , and ollie , six , already attend the school and she believed there would be ` no issue ' with her daughter gaining a place . the mother-of-eight , from middleton , greater manchester , was told there were 82 applications for just 30 places at
web-based company homestay.com lists options for single people , couples and families in cities , established holiday areas or farther afield . at best , homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you understand their country or district . we can all find the dordogne or lake garda on a map but this gets you closer to the real region faster and cheaper .
the $ 40 -lrb- # 26 -rrb- cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep . unlike a normal cotton pillowcase , the wrinkle preventing pillowcase 's special blend of ` hydrophobic fibres ' keeps the complexion hydrated all night .
dias costa , 49 , slashed the face , arms , and necks of the raiders . the burglary took place late at night in the cerro norte neighbourhood of cordoba . all of the men are currently in intensive care , police commissioner says . the house owner took a samurai sword and defended himself .
woods ' children were n't around this time , though and without them , ski champ vonn looked less like the beautiful stepmom and more like a girlfriend concerned for her struggling beau . vonn 's sympathy should come as no surprise , not only because she is girlfriend . she 's also come roaring back from her own terrible injuries .
the landgate cottage , which sleeps four , features dark wood beamed ceilings and plenty of mid-century furnishings . there 's also a working fireplace in the cosy living space to relax in front of on the property 's retro couch . the quaint cottage starts at # 98 per night .
huw thomas suggested on an online forum in 2006 that england flags were for a ` simpleton ' or a ` casual racist ' . he posted his views on a welsh language website called mais e writing during the 2006 world cup : ' i agree it is totally sickening the number of english flags to be seen around wales ' .
the original star , julie andrews , came on stage at the oscars in salzburg . the first tours started shortly after the film opened . now buses emblazoned with the sound of music circle the city , day out . and the austrians still do n't get it .
an attorney , portrayed by host taraji p. henson , asks the boy how long the illicit relationship lasted , to which daly replies : ` five glorious weeks m ` amm . controversial . scene portrayed a teenager testifying called gavin daly , played by pete davidson , in court during the trial of janet johnson-luna , 32 , played .
the outlook is n't sunny for the kickoff of her ` listening tour ' : of the ten students interviewed in the school 's public lounge , only two would speak kindly of mrs. clinton . ` she 's going to push some emotional thing on us , ' predicted student hallie corum in between classes . corey jones , a graphic design student , is among those chosen to question her in a roundtable setting on tuesday .
jack andraka was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban maryland with his elder brother , luke , and parents , jane , a nurse , and steve , a civil engineer . at home , the basement became a laboratory , from where luke 's attempt to turn a microwave into a ray gun plunged the entire neighbourhood into darkness . at school , jack won prizes for science projects , but was ostracised as a geek and viciously bullied when he came out as gay
eight members of the same family - seven of them children between ages six and 16 - were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their princess anne , maryland , home monday afternoon . relatives have identified the adult victim as father of seven rodney todd sr , 36 , and her 12-year-old sister tykira . todd 's eldest son cameron , 13 , is pictured with his sister tynijuiza todd and all of her sisters perished in the carbon mon
jack rowe was found face down in his family 's swimming pool in upavon , wiltshire . the toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water . coroner ruled the death as accidental after hearing how he ` never went near ' the pool , according to relatives .
green party demands end to austerity with radical # 176 billion spending splurge . state pensions would be increased by more than # 60 a week , child benefit doubled , tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent . party also pledged to pump an extra # 12billion a year into the nhs from day one , introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise the railways .
max is part corgi , part husky , and is looking for a new home in basildon , essex . at just 18.5 in from foot to shoulder , this diminutive fellow looks as if he was the runt of his litter . the trust is in no doubt that trend is partly due to fans wanting to follow the stars of game of thrones and twilight .
the 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo . teasers for itvs new puppet show sees the duke and duchess of cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little , well , common . the youngster says to the waiting female doctor ` oi , oi ! hello treacle ' .
lisa and james tuttle moved with their five children to rural village of geldeston in norfolk in 2005 . they thought their big house with a large garden surrounded by arable land would be a peaceful and idyllic family home . but their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs marley and lily were shot after escaping on to their neighbour 's farmland where they were accused of killing his birds .
chris roberts , a computer security researcher on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major security conference was told he could n't fly on united airlines saturday . united airlines stopped a prominent security researcher from boarding a california-bound flight late saturday , following a social media post .
a video posted on vine by a user known as old row shows the girl surrounded by her fellow festival goers at texas-based country music festival chilifest last weekend . seconds after the college student shows a circadian fist - or a ` rock ' - to the three officers , one of whom chose ` scissors ' as his option .
robert gentile appeared in federal court in hartford , connecticut on friday and was charged with selling a firearm to . an undercover agent . his attorney , ryan mcguigan , contended federal bureau of . investigation agents really want to see what gentile knows about the . theft of $ 500million in artwork from boston 's isabel stewart . gardner museum 25 years ago .
david crossley , 63 , a musculoskeletal therapist from birmingham , developed large kidney stones last year . he noticed a vague ache in his abdomen , stretching around to his back . this revealed two large stones in his right kidney - a direct result , his doctors believe , of his low fluid intake .
labour received # 1.9 m in the week to april 5 , with 84 per cent coming from just three trade unions . it included a # 1million cheque from unite entrenching labour 's reliance on the union 's militant boss len mccluskey . critics have accused labour of being bound by its union paymasters .
emma walker , 15 , slipped into a dangerous cycle , her weight plummeted to five-and-a-half stone . she was admitted to hospital twice and faced rigorous counselling sessions . today , emma , whose decision to release the photos is supported by her mother kim waddington , said she wants to help other anorexia sufferers .
the boeing 787 dreamliner has been decorated to look like r2-d2 . the small round robot appears in every episode with his multi-lingual sidekick c-3po . the cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels . the words ` star wars ' , in the movie 's distinctive font , adorn the body of the plane behind the wing , while the tail is in ana 's normal - also blue - livery news of
madalina neagu , 42 , arrived at a hospital in with severe pain in her abdomen . doctors at botosani county hospital prepared to operate to deliver the child . but after carrying out tests , they were shocked to discover she was n't pregnant at all . instead , she was actually carrying a 11lbs -lrb- 5kg -rrb- tumour inside her uterus .
rodney stover , 48 , was arraigned on thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday 's attack in the bathroom at the turnmill bar on east 27th street . stover allegedly grabbed the victim , a long island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar . when the 23-year-old victim had entered the bar bathroom at about 7.50 pm on saturday , her attacker , thought to
the 22-year-old , cao yu , held off the man in a five-minute struggle in a public square in guizhou province in southwestern china earlier this month . the man was holding two knives , stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him while on patrol . the young policewoman is recovering in hospital after the horrific incident .
the thief entered a branch of lloyds bank in new milton , hampshire . before threatening cashier staff and ordering them to hand over cash . after the robbery on thursday , a spokesman for hamphire police said . a 56-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of robbery .
army-veteran william snyder , 34 , has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering after the discovery of her body over the weekend . she was last seen alive on easter sunday . police in renovo say the cause and manner of death are pending results of toxicology tests .
nic newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18 . it was the unexpected and tragic death of his teenage brother , christopher , who killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses . now , the 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion - in which he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards .
byron 's buds measure a whopping 8.6 cm across - the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iphone 6 . his daughter emily , 14 , is not far behind at 7.3 cm and hold 's the record for the widest female tongue while her father has the men 's crown .
ashya king was taken from southampton general hospital last august . his parents were found in spain but released without charge . a further # 1406 was spent on accommodation , # 792 on flights , # 132 on travel and parking , # 213 on food and subsistence and # 900 on hiring experts to report to the cps .
gaioz nigalidze , the current georgian champion , was expelled from the dubai open chess tournament when he was found using his phone in the middle of a match . tournament organisers found nigalze stored a mobile phone in a cubicle , covered in toilet paper . they announced their decision to expel him on sunday morning .
gordon jack , 47 , was taken to hospital after emergency services were called to dunblane cathedral , where murray married long-term girlfriend kim sears today . mr jack , a father-of-three , collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of andy murray 's wedding yesterday . he was feet away from the photographer yesterday when he lost his balance while taking pictures of the event .
jim ratcliffe , founder of chemical company ineos , has applied to planning officials in the new forest to seek to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a ` carbon neutral ' mansion . the 62-year-old businessman is based in switzerland claims that the new house , if built , will be his only uk residence .
the lowenbrau keller , in sydney 's the rocks , has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan ` wunderbra ' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins . the same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption ` make mein a dubbel ' . the campaign was designed as a portrayal of the typical bavarian cultural experience enjoyed
just four in 10 renters -lrb- 43 per cent -rrb- aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit . this rises to eight in 10 for londoners , where house prices have risen by double-digits in recent years . mortgage lender 's report , called generation rent , said data ` strengthens the view ' .
ryan giroux , 41 , has pleaded not guilty to one count of first-degree murder and 22 other charges at a hearing at the maricopa county superior court on monday . he has convictions in three states totally more than eight years for burglary , theft , armed aggravated assault and a marijuana violation .
matheryn naovaratpong , from thailand , is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved . doctors diagnosed her with ependymoblastoma , a rare form of brain cancer that afflicts the very young . the outlook was bleak from the start - the disease has a five-year survival rate of 30 per cent .
kejonuma leisure land , in tohoku , japan , attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors . with an amusement park , campsite and driving range , the once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors officially in 2000 . today , the deserted merry-go-round and other relics of a bygone era are tourist attractions in their own right .
cook county judge dennis porter , cleared 46-year-old officer dante servin in the march 2012 shooting death of rekia boyd , 22 . moments before he announced the verdict on monday , he asked loved ones who might be prone to outbursts to leave the courtroom , fearing there would be an emotionally-charged response . the victim 's brother martinez sutton then screamed : ` you want me to be quiet ? this m ***** killed my sister ! '
skopelos has a relaxed , offbeat vibe that plays out in the pretty port of chora . it has one of the most scenic ports in greece . wooded hillsides are punctuated with white walls topped by terracotta-tiled roofs . many of the chapels were built by families as status symbols .
teresa sheldon , 38 , from dartford , kent , has appeared in court charged with murdering her son tommy and the attempted murder of another child . tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in hursley , near winchester in hampshire .
yelp , founded in 2004 by two former paypal employees , is a website that lets users write their own reviews of businesses like restaurants and doctor 's offices . however , like many web businesses , yelp 's revenue comes mainly from advertising and the businesses that buy ads are often rated and reviewed on the site . while she has n't finished the documentary yet , milliken tells daily mail online her research so far has indicated the company has vigorously denied .
the brief cellphone clip came to light as deputies continue searching for two additional suspects in the march attack in panama city beach . so far , authorities have arrested a pair of students from alabama 's troy university who were allegedly seen in a cellphone video recorded last month sexually assaulting a 19-year-old girl . the video shows at least three men surrounding an incapacitated woman on a beach chair .
the health department continues to investigate how 34 people in six states contracted the hepatitis a virus . all of whom consumed the same brand of frozen mixed berries were detected in any sample of its recalled and non-recalled nanna 's mixed berries 1kg product during its own testing . managing director and ceo steven chaur said the company 's microbiological and viral testing does not confirm any link between the product .
the method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup , jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up . countless teens , both boys and girls , have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on twitter and instagram . surprisingly , given the sheer number of teens attempting the feat , it appears the results are far from desirable .
` security detachments were able to ... detonate a car bomb left at the american consulate building in the city that led to the killing and wounding of many of them , ' isis said . the us state department said the bombing in ainkawa , near kurdish regional capital arbil , did not kill or wound any consular employees .
dr oz , 54 , is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons . the harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty in 1993 . doctors sent the letter to lee goldman , the dean of columbian 's faculties of health sciences and medicine .
riley filmer , 14 , turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term at mcclelland college , in melbourne 's south-east , only to be told that the black soft-leather lace-ups did not meet uniform standards . the school 's policy outlined in the 2015 personal learning journal states that girls are to wear ` black leather lace-up school shoes -lrb- not fashion heels -rrb- ' for both summer and winter
the product , phynova joint and muscle relief , contains sigesbeckia , a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis . the remedy is n't the only orthodox doctor who recommends complementary therapies to his patients . dr mike dixon , a gp in cullompton , devon , and chairman of the college of medicine .
two-thirds of new uk fathers are now over 30 , and the researchers say older would-be fathers should be better informed about the risks of conditions that can occur in their offspring . however , the quality declines and this could have implications for the next generation . worldwide data from more than 60 teams of researchers on the health risks associated with older fathers found that men aged over 35 had a 50 % lower chance of conceiving over a 12-month period than men 25 and under .
mower county sheriff terese amazi said farmer daniel weness , of leroy , reported on tuesday that a storage canister with vials of bull semen was taken from his unlocked barn . the canister was worth about $ 500 , and the vials were worth from $ 300 to $ 1,500 apiece . the theft happened sometime between april 1 and 7 .
moya gerber was travelling in her vehicle through the kruger national park , south africa . when she spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a cape buffalo . she began taking pictures of the struggle before noticing the buffalo was heading for the road . after a few moments the buffalo managed to escape being eaten by the lions .
mark gentle , from farmington , maine , found his son carter sobbing because he thought the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery was ` ugly ' . the concerned dad posted a snapshot of the little boy 's chest to his facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support .
joseph koetters , a former teacher at marlborough school in los angeles , is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student . in the lawsuit , unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship . he spent time working at pasadena 's polytechnic school and calabas ' viewpoint school .
the 31-year-old squirmed as he admitted only ` evaluating ' the files stolen from gchq and the us national security agency . he also acknowledged there had been a ` f *** - up ' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against al qaeda .
the driver , sam smith , begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him . it 's an apocalyptic sight - and mr smith feels trapped , because he ca n't make out which direction it is moving in . so does n't know how to escape .
dave lewis admitted the planes gave wrong image and put them up for sale . four have been sold and the final one , a hawker 800 , will be gone by the end of next month . a similar plane can cost up to # 67,000 to charter . it was capable of flying 14 executives at a time .
duke was not the only big winner following monday 's ncaa championship game . in an upset even more surprising than the blue devils win over the slightly favored wisconsin badgers , sam holtz , a 12-year-old sixth grader from lake zurich , illinois , beat out 11.5 million entries to win the annual espn tournament challenge .
mark carney was spotted on a day off from helping to run the economy jogging in london 's hyde park sporting a high-tech running belt . the keen runner was wearing a nathan speed 4 fuel belt , which also features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs .
the datai hotel in malaysia has all the colour and wonder of the emerald city . it is doon who has taught me to stride like a warrior into the freezing channel . setting off for the far east , there was something of the hinge and bracket about us , blithering away in actressy tones .
ayyan ali , 21 , was caught with $ 500,000 in her carry-on bag in islamabad airport . she has modeled everything from mobile phones to ice cream . she was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $ 10,000 cash limit out of the country on march 14 .
denise van outen is the latest big name to sign for eastenders . the former chicago star has turned down the offer twice before . this week saw some big-name announcements in the land of soap . she 's putting her pop career on hold to star in at least four episodes of coronation street .
the crisis in a&e has led some people to blame a lack of available gp appointments . weekend opening hours for gps has been touted as one solution . since the summer of 2013 , a number of gp surgeries in london have been piloting seven-day opening , as part of the challenge fund initiative - funding for which was recently increased from # 50 million to # 100 million .
 gaston pinsard , 96 , is thought to be britain 's oldest serving prison . the frail father-of-four was jailed for the historic sexual abuse of two young girls . the abuse began in 1951 and the court was told the victims did not report what was happening because they were too young to understand .
michael slager , 33 , is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in charleston county jail without the entire cell block being cleared first . on friday , his wife jamie , who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant , and his mother karen sharpe were allowed to speak to him . on tuesday , slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old scott last weekend .
the announcement was made on the company 's blog by microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations . mary ellen smith , who has a teenage son , shawn , with autism . the positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington and the program will be run in partnership with specialisterne .
christopher annan , 24 , and tyrone wright , 20 , took part in a gun attack on tottenham turks gang member inan eren . the victim , who survived , was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 december 2012 , shot three times in the arm , stomach and buttock . the attack was led by hitman jamie marsh-smith , 23 , a fearsome hired gun who had earned the nickname ` freddy ' after the nightmare
yulia simonova , 52 , asked a friend to find someone willing to torture and kill damian vanya in exchange for 100,000 rubles -lrb- # 1,400 -rrb- . but police set up a sting operation , sending one of their undercover officers to pose as a hitman . the russian music teacher now faces 15 years in prison after being charged with attempted murder .
mark lippert , 42 , suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist kim ki-jong at a breakfast function in central seoul last month . the envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery . he has posted several photos on facebook of him using the device in south korea .
scientists at the shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the hands , which are each governed by 24 motors , 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors . the arms can chop , stir , whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat . device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen .
the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the concrete jungle on thursday . she showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black bowler hat , black leather top and a black and cream miniskirt .
tory london mayor warns against allowing nicola sturgeon 's snp to dominate uk . he likened it to ` asking a fox to look after henhouse or temperance campaigner to run a brewery ' . the snp leader vowed to use a surge in support for her party to dictate the direction of the uk government .
four children were playing in and around a parked minivan saturday evening when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside . two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help . the other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out . no criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire .
lauren halliday and steven smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the randolph hotel . the ceremony went ahead at st edmund hall in the city . no one was hurt . seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds .
sisonke msimang , 41 , moved to australia with her husband and children in the last few months . as a journalist , she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights , race relations and government accountability in south africa . but upon relocating she said she 's been faced with the realisation , that much like her native south african country are directed toward our own indigenous population .
hillary clinton 's now-famous scooby doo van made an appearance in council bluffs , iowa on thursday for a closed-door meeting with state democratic party officials . footage broadcast by ketv-7 in the nearby city of omaha , nebraska , showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe , greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle .
harington poked fun at belfast and tourism bosses when he appeared on a late-night chat show to promote the hbo series ' return to tv screens . the 28-year-old londoner joked to host seth myers that belfast is ` wonderful for two or three days ' .
laura scurr , 15 , from whitley bay , was left on a heart machine after she collapsed through starvation but has now spoken about pressures put on teenagers to be a ` size zero ' . she became so obsessed with having the perfect figure she would hide food down the side of her bed , lying to her mother about eating and sometimes surviving on just a piece of fruit a day . she was rushed to intensive care and is now recovering .
ambra battilana , 22 , said the 63-year-old father of five asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt . the manhattan district attorney concluded a criminal charge against harvey weinstein is ` not supported ' . weinstein , who always maintained his innocence , could have faced misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if the allegations proved true .
sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' . the family of one suspect said they were last year told to stop their son communicating with the extremist recruiter . he was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24 .
the 20lb lamb is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him , all weighing the average weight of 8-10lbs . ben is n't the biggest lamb ever born in this country but jean morris from the farm said big ben was comfortably the biggest they have ever delivered .
russia gave the go-ahead for the deal , with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the s-300 missile equipment ` promptly ' . move likely to anger both the u.s. and israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers . moscow blocked deliveries of the surface to air missiles to iran in 2010 after the united nations imposed sanctions on tehran over its nuclear programme .
nathan dailo , from sydney , uploaded a video to his youtube channel . the clip has now received almost 26,000 views . the father gliding a piece of white tissue paper over his son 's face repeatedly until he nods off . at the beginning of the video little seth seems anything other than sleepy .
researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout europe and us . instead of traditional method of plotting how similar each species is to the others , they instead used a ` specimen-based protocol ' . this meant they could analyse each individual animal , despite its species , and allowed them to look at differences within each species .
scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon posed with a rather sceptical face . this is thought to reference how the labour leader posed a direct message to the prime minister . mr miliband was accompanied in one photo by the caption ` debate me like one of your french girls ' .
london trial of olaparib led by researchers at the institute of cancer research and the royal marsden hospital . they found 16 out of 49 men with advanced prostate cancer responded to the drug , also known as lynparza . it stopped prostate cancer growth , generating lower tumour cell counts in the blood and improved responses in medical scans .
malcolm brabant spent two years in and out of mental institutions . he was warned side-effects could be dizzy spells and a headache . within 24 hours of having the jab , in april 2011 , malcolm had been reduced to a sweating , shivering wreck , gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks and a spell in hospital before his temperature was brought down .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world . famous marathon in 2013 , killing three people and injuring 264 . the same jury that convicted tsarnaev will hear testimony on . whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for . his crimes , starting next tuesday , the day after the 2015 . marathon takes place .
jordan speith is in prime position to win the masters at augusta . the 21-year-old set a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par . he is playing alongside british contender justin rose in the final . but others , including dustin johnson and phil mickelson are still posing a threat .
nicola sturgeon today refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years . opponents claim she had ` broken a promise the size of ben nevis ' in september 's vote . 55 % of scots backed idea of remaining in the united kingdom . but in a series of tv election debates between scottish leaders .
bbc bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their tvs , and are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem . revelation could spark controversy over the future of licence fee , because viewers are currently able to use the bbc 's online services without paying for them .
the monarch was spotted trotting through windsor great park on her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma . joined by a groom on another of her fell ponies , the queen cut a relaxed figure as she enjoyed her ride but , as is her wont , eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves .
hillary clinton claimed on wednesday that all of her grandparents ` came over ' from other countries , but in fact only one was born outside the us . she said during a small business roundtable event , ` and you know my grandfather went to work in lace mill in scranton , pennsylvania , and worked there until he retired at 65 .
edward snowden is being ` exploited ' under a deal he made with russians . he may have been told not to speak out on russian surveillance but continue attacking america in order to save himself from jail in the us . andrei soldatov said he was being ` secretive ' about his arrangements with the russian authorities .
hodor-hodor . hodor is the brawny , simple-minded stableboy of the stark family in winterfell . his defining characteristic , of course , is that he only speaks a single word : ` hodor ' . he may have expressive aphasia , according to his great-grandmother old nan , his real name is walder .
jeremy clarkson was guest of honour at charity auction in cotswolds . he said : ` in the olden days when i used to work for bbc , i could n't say s *** ' . hundreds of fans paid # 15 a ticket to watch the former top gear presenter oversee the auction at chipping norton town hall .
hbo 's hit series , game of thrones , is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series , and that means the stunning settings where it was filmed are bracing for another influx of tourists . while the programme has already filmed in some of the most picturesque places around the world - including croatia , iceland and the giant 's causeway in northern ireland .
pierre fulton was in the passenger seat when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken tail light . when scott fled , fulton and another officer stood by the mercedes watching in shock as slager chased him into a park and shot him dead . now fulton 's attorney has released a statement warning graphic content below .
ellie grant , 22 , was appearing on itv 's this morning to discuss how she developed tourette 's syndrome aged 21 . the pair hit the headlines earlier this year after being labelled the perfect match because whenever she becomes rowdy , he simply switches off his hearing aid . but in the middle of the pre-recorded interview , miss grant suddenly suffered a verbal tic .
kylie jenner is the youngest member of the kardashian-jenner clan . she has been one of the biggest tween stars - with a ticket to every a-list event in town . the reality star appears poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family .
the archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great british adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated terra nova expedition of 1912 . some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of scott and the polar party of edward wilson , lawrence oates , edger evans and henry bowers .
the baby-faced boy from memphis , tennessee , poses with guns , cash , and bags of what looks like marijuana . in many pictures he is smoking suspicious substances , with captions such as ` high life ' . some feature sexual references , such as : ` quit suckin my d *** ' .
students spent last year studying classic book for imminent as-level exam . mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text . now pupils will have to cram their studying into just a few weeks with extra lessons put in place by the school . sources close to the school said students were left devastated by the blunder .
the caves are found near the mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles -lrb- 72km -rrb- south of the regional capital of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky . photographer denis budkov , 35 , trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment .
jeff bezos , who is worth $ 34.7 billion from his online marketplace , blended in with the throngs of tourists at the campo de ' fiori on tuesday . bezos was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard as he took in the bustling market at the heart of the eternal city .
raymond lee fryberg jr. was arraigned in seattle on thursday , nearly six months after his son jaylen killed four students at marysville pilchuck high school then himself . fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a beretta pistol in january 2013 .
jesse norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election . west mercia police said it was investigating reports of a breach of the representation of the people act 1983 , which bans election candidates from providing food , drink or entertainment . detectives expected to speak to mr norman after he was photographed with trays of baked goods on april 2 .
the justice department said tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of freddie gray , a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van . baltimore police officials , meanwhile , released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old and who 've been suspended pending an investigation .
 bespoke tour operators natural world safaris is offering the rare trip . trip to durminskoye reserve in khabarovsk lasts seven days in total . guests will walk in the footsteps of the world 's biggest cats and spend time with alexander batalov , a frontline russian conservationist .
asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , and their three sons essa , four , zakariva , two , and yahya , one , were all caught on camera on a cross-channel ferry . they left their home in slough , berkshire , without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members , which is out of character . mr malik told his family he wanted to ` go and live in a muslim country
the group , lpac , launched lesbians4hillary on monday to support the former first lady 's bid to become the nation 's first female president . ` hillary clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the lgbtq community ' .
trevor noah was spotted taking in a baseball game in new york on monday along with jerry seinfeld , larry david and broadway star matthew broadrick . earlier noah and seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for seinfeld 's acclaimed comedians in cars getting coffee online series .
cambridge-educated sean heslop , 47 , was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust after claims about the affair came to light last month . a family member claimed he was ` the happiest he 's ever been ' as he was looking forward to becoming a father this summer .
cheryl heineman , 45 , was arrested wednesday at central avenue elementary school in kissimmee , florida . the woman 's suspected accomplice and lover , 20-year-old jack lindsey , is facing the same charges . the arrests came at the conclusion of a six-week investigation that was launched in early march .
lenny mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint on a flight from chicago to manchester , new hampshire on thursday . he said : ` imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees , and then waking up and going owww ' . the southwest airlines flight was scheduled to leave midway international airport at 1.15 pm .
two prototypes of the cyg-11 seaplane tested over the sea off the coast of haikou in hainan province in china . the aircraft is believed to be a joint project between russia and china to build new types of super-efficient seaplane . it uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide .
the 68-year-old revealed that he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning . added that becoming a grandparent to his daughter chelsea 's six-month-old daughter charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality which once helped to propel him to victory .
billionaire founder , elon musk , tweeted : ` ascent successful dragon enroute to space station . rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival ' . the impact of landing , however , caused it to tip over destroying the lower part of the rocket . landing the rocket upright was always going to be tricky .
niamh geaney , 26 , and karen branigan , 29 , have made headlines around the world . they are n't the only unrelated twosome to boast real life doppelgngers . if actresses liz hurley , 49 , and jacqueline bissett , 70 , or model david gandy , 35 , and soap star dean gaffney , 37 , there 's no shortage of hollywood lookalikes .
officials at horace mitchell primary school in kittery point were read i am jazz , a book about a child ` with a boy 's body and a girl 's brain ' . some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans .
the women were arrested the weekend before international women 's day . they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment . the five women have been linked to several stunts over the last few years . prosecutors will announce later today whether the women should be formally arrested , released or have their cases sent back to the police .
the collision created the moon , but debate has raged exactly what happened during this event - and a mystery has persisted on why the moon and earth are so similar in their composition . conflicting studies have provided two different theories - one that theia was similar to earth , and another that earth and the moon were showered by debris following the collision .
chancellor appeared to leave door open when asked if he would be ` depriving more families ' of payments worth more than # 1,000 per year . more than a million households lost out when coalition announced that families with one parent earning # 50,000 would pay tax on child benefit . earners over # 60,000 lost out altogether . controversial measure brought in two and a half years ago as part of government 's austerity programme .
the bucket hat is characterised by its wide , downwards sloping brim and limp structure . originally a staple of fishermen and farmers , it soon enough found its way into popular culture . after gaining prominence in the nineties and early noughties , the trend was ditched in favour of softer and more flattering shapes .
the arrests were made in minneapolis and san diego but there is no threat to public safety . an fbi affidavit said they are all between the ages of 19 and 20 and live in the twin cities . a somali woman said one of her sons was arrested at her house in minnesota around noon and the other was arrested in san dieg .
families of britain 's iraq war dead expressed disgust last night . publication of sir john chilcot 's inquiry , which began in 2009 , has cost taxpayer almost # 10million , had already been pushed back until after the election . yesterday it emerged it is unlikely to be published until next year .
lizzie cochran , a student at columbia university , has launched a kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs . the designs include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns , a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio , muscle cells and rabies .
former bab al-aziziya palace boasted zoo , fairground and pool , now lies in derelict state . dictator ruled for 42 years after he took control in a coup d'etat in 1969 . he was hounded out of tripoli and killed by members of the national transitional council .
us ambassador for poland has been forced to apologise for comments made by fbi director james comey . comey wrote an editorial opinion piece for the washington post claiming poland shares responsibility for the holocaust with germany . poland 's president bronislaw komorowski told public television that comey 's comments showed a ` lack of historical knowledge ' .
the six were arrested sunday in minneapolis and san diego and are scheduled to make initial appearances in federal court on monday . they are the latest people from minnesota to be charged in an investigation stretching back months into the recruitment of westerners by isis . the complaint says the men planned to reach syria by flying to nearby countries from minneapolis , new york city , and lied to federal investigators when they were stopped .
the clip resembles scenes from a hollywood disaster movie , with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno . at the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero , then intense blue flames emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash . moments later a jeep races past on the right with the back of its roof on fire suddenly races past after a few seconds .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , said the motorcycle he used to get away broke down along interstate 95 and he walked 30 miles before a woman headed to florida gave him a ride . the woman did n't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $ 500 , the report by volusia county beach safety officers said . among his self-administered tattoos are the word ` brotherhood ' on his left cheek which is linked to neo-nazis
the threat against flight 826 from cologne bonn to milan 's malpensa airport was received on sunday evening . the tower in cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the airbus a320 . instead of taking off the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport where passengers and crew were evacuated .
sophie ryan-palmer , 12 , and chloe ballouqui , three , are patients at great ormond street hospital , london , leading british centre for treatment of child cancers . she entered the immunotherapy trial after her fourth relapse . this allows a transplant of new bone marrow containing immune system cells , harvested either from the patient or a donor .
lorna mccarthy , 51 , feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death . she sent messages to friends and family on september 27 , including one to her daughter saying she did n't know ` what he is capable of these days ' . she urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day - but it was never received . but she had agreed to take her profile down after he confronted her . but in the early hours
douglas mark hughes , 61 , created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in washington . described his flight upon arriving home in ruskin , florida , early on sunday . he steered his one-person gyrocopter onto the west lawn of the us capitol on wednesday , april 15 , 2015 .
lix bussey , 23 , from durham was hit by a car at the end of a mexican holiday . just hours earlier she had texted she was having ` best time ever ' . her parents colin and penny spoke of their shock at her death . she was a teacher at bowburn infants school , bowburn , county durham .
andreas rasmussen , christian boyum johansen and johan berg are filmed by emil fogh , standing just centimetres away from the shark they 've captured in an activity that is terrifying but completely legal in new zealand . one of the man stands at the water 's edge with a fishing line in his hands and the waves lapping at his feet when suddenly he launches forward .
u.s. rep. alan grayson and his wife have agreed to annul their 24-year marriage in florida on tuesday . the agreement was announced by a judge in an orlando courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided . lolita grayson 's attorney refused to comment after the hearing . she had claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990 .
the ladies ditch their usual sharply-dressed style for a game of thrones-style makeover - complete with flowing tresses and defiant stares . fashion designer coleen , 28 , and singer nadine , 29 , are hoping the shots will encourage women from across the uk , regardless of their age , shape or fitness level .
more than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted . there are 650 seats up for grabs on may 7 , with labour and the tories needing more than half to secure a majority . of 303 tory seats , 186 are considered safe while 151 of labour 's 257 constituencies are not expected to change hands .
the prevention of terrorism act - officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial . but it also allows for the authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire . the bill effectively reintroduces the controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial in malaysia - something prime minister najib razak originally repealed in 2012 .
pm used data to warn recovery would be ` put at risk ' by a ` stitch-up ' . office for national statistics said more than 31 million people were in work . figures up from 29million in spring 2010 , before tories and lib dems went into coalition . at same time jobless total fell by 76,000 to 1.84 million in quarter to february .
the extravagant purchase was met with surprise by one of his fellow fighters , abou shaheed al-muhajir . unwilling to reveal the cost of his furry investment , the fighter did confirm that he had bought the tiger cub from a small village , near the syrian city of aleppo .
the word suggests travelling with a worry-free , devil-may-care attitude . making calls , downloading emails and browsing the internet when in another country can result in very large bills . so how can you keep roaming costs down ? best option is to be with mobile operator three . customers can call and text uk numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their uk price plans .
the royal mint announced it will mark the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of prince george in 2013 . the silver coin will be minted with the one penny 's royal shield design and the new effigy of the queen . it will be presented in a special white box , which will be tied with a purple ribbon and feature the image of a silver carousel horse .
lord janner signed a letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges . abuse campaigners last night angrily questioned why the suspected paedophile was able to remain in the house of lords if he was too frail to be brought before court . the crown prosecution service has faced widespread criticism since announcing last week that janner would escape prosecution over child sex allegations because he has alzheimer 's disease .
sam pearce , 24 , of milton , massachusetts , first came to new york city to peruse a career in education , and soon after arriving in the big apple he landed a job teaching english to eighth graders in brooklyn , new jersey . but just a few months after landing the job , the six-foot , green-eyed brown university graduate was ` discovered ' on the subway by another model , who promptly asked whether he could send mr. pearce 's
a 22-year-old marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 mdma tablets at ` midnight mafia ' . around 6000 people attended the all-night rave which ran from 10pm saturday until 6am sunday . he was charged with supply prohibited drug , refused bail and appeared in parramatta local court . a 23-year old peakhurst man was also taken into custody after he was allegedly located with 124 mdma pills and a wad of cash . a 25-
google claims the latest update to its android handsets can under 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts . works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus . it even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send . google also launched a new feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply google it .
historic building repairer gregg olson and architectural historian pam hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years and say it is unlike anything else found in oregon . the 18-foot-wide cabin could have been a home for a small group of 10 to 50 russian settlers sent to oregon 's willamette valley .
 tart or sour cherries have been found to contain high levels of antioxidants . an increased intake of tart cherries could help to reduce certain post-workout side-effects , such as muscle aches , inflammation and weakness . avocados are a great source of healthy , mono-saturated fats .
arthur and mo kreitenberg have created a robot called the germfalcon . it uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin . seats , tray tables and blankets singled out as the worst offenders on board . but the family team has developed the robot as a way to counter issues .
the 29-year-old from chicago has androgen insensitivity syndrome -lrb- ais -rrb- , a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000 which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen . pagonis was born with an enlarged clitoris , no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse .
the secret drawings and letters belonged to the co-pilot of the enola gay bomber which dropped the bomb and reveal captain robert lewis 's immense guilt following the mission . he wrote a letter following the bombing in which he recounts : ` my god , what have we done ? how many did we kill ? ' .
flight attendants eat the same reheated chicken or pasta dishes that are served to passengers in economy . the pilot initiates the sequence to start a modern plane , the remaining steps are done automatically . pilot piers applegarth said an air start motor rotates the jet engines before adding fuel and starting the ignition .
the official number was issued to hernandez as he started the rest of his life in jail , at cedar junction state prison in massachusetts . he was being moved to the maximum security souza-baranowski correctional center near shirley today . he is equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations . sources said the brute , found guilty of murdering odin lloyd , was using the dangerous drug for at least a year before the victim was
former marine jesse kidder was in a patrol car chasing michael wilcox , who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend . the 27-year-old accused killer then started sprinting towards kidder , asking him to shoot . the officer had been warned by dispatchers before he arrived at the scene that the suspect might try ` suicide by cop ' .
sharon winters was looking for love online when she met kevin hawke . the 33-year-old stabbed her in the liver , spleen , lungs and heart . hawke was jailed for a minimum of 17-and-a-half years after he admitted the murder in july last year .
sophia adams , 21 , beat 1,000 hopefuls to land coveted modelling contract . trainee police officer will travel to the mediterranean to star in curvy kate 's spring/summer 2016 catalogue . she said : ' i was in total disbelief when i first found out i 'd won ' .
almost all family doctors polled in a new survey said they do not think their own practice should open on weekends . the government has tried to encourage gps to offer out-of-hours appointments through a scheme known as the prime minister 's challenge fund . surgeries have been urged to form into groups of 20 to 30 to ensure that between them at least one stays open in the evenings and at weekends .
the internals reveal samsung used more of its own chips to power the new galaxy s6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor s5 . samsung is not only using its own exynos mobile processor , as had been widely reported , but also decided to rely on its in-house semiconductor business .
the building , which was built in the 1960s and belongs to zheng gong hospital in henan province , was under threat of demolition as it is situated in the path of a road expansion project . but hospital bosses decided to save time and money - and employed a team of engineers to put ` wheels ' on the building . now , the two-storey brick hospital outpatient building in the city of zhengzhou , in central china , is being slowly and carefully pushed just a few metres
nicholas dematteis , 39 , flew into the rage while at restaurant bocca east during brunch on saturday afternoon . he demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service , police said . the woman got up after being knocked over and witnesses said she left before police arrived at the scene .
 furious 7 is now one of the ten highest grossing movies of all time worldwide . the film will almost certainly race past iron man 3 and frozen to join the top five all-time at the worldwide box office before the month is out . the movie has set a new standard for the potential for box-office in the pre-summer month of april .
ukip leader said it was a ` reasonable proposition ' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking . he also revealed he is finding election campaign ` knackering ' . polls suggest support for ukip is on the slide , polls suggest . cameron has urged supporters to ` come home ' to the tories .
scientists from the university of maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of lactobacillus casei . the type of friendly bacteria more commonly associated with yoghurt drinks . by increasing the amount of a dangerous bacterium , enterohaemorrhagic e.coli , which can cause severe food poisoning .
woman , who calls herself zhu diandian online , has raised her beloved five flowers since it was a piglet and the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs . but that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two , with ms zhu proudly posting pictures of them snuggled up in bed together .
from unbreakable sunglasses to foldable wellies , femail has rounded up the eight products you should be packing to make your summer break as foolproof as possible . the t-shirt with built-in spf . religiously slathering on sun cream on a hot day can be a time consuming process , but lifestyle guru gwyneth paltrow has an answer .
the story of katherine of alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades and features steven berkoff , edward fox , joss ackland and nicole keniheart . director michael redwood paid tribute to o'toole on set for the last time .
social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures . from a boat parked between two cars by someone who ` knew what was coming ' to a man making the most of the wind by using his umbrella as a sail while he skateboards down the street , sydneysiders are still managing to see the funny side of the storm .
 transavia france is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps , gummy bears and cereal bars at participating shops . customers who buy one of the products will find a voucher code . each package contains a voucher that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within europe .
research suggests certain types of music can bring out specific flavours . intensity of nessun dorma performed by luciano pavarotti is said to be perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee . meanwhile , the high-pitched piano in billie holiday 's autumn in new york can help emphasise autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding . listening to the right sort of music , including the beatles , are served up to a backdrop of the beatingles , while in el celler de
san francisco property was teeming with black widows , rats , feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on april 4 . but apparently , it 's still a hot ticket . just a week after removing the rodents , trash , and corpse , realtors have priced this property at a cool $ 2.5 million .
midsomer murders to have its first regular asian character in its 18th series . manjinder virk will play pathologist dr kam karimore in the itv police drama . in 2011 , executive producer brian true-may described the show as the ` last bastion of englishness ' because it had no black or asian characters .
joseph o'riordan , 73 , was sitting on polegate town council in east sussex . he grew suspicious his wife , amanda , 47 , was having an alleged affair . she later stabbed her in the chest , torso , arms and back . couple had been married for ten years when he was president of royal british legion .
journalist sabrina rubin erdely has been silent since december , when the columbia journalism school published a review of what went wrong with her reporting . in the story , titled ' a rape on campus ' , jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity phi kappa psi two years ago . a recent investigation by the charlottesville police found no evidence to support her story - including the fact that the man who brought her to the fraternity the night
colby ramos-francis , now 17 months old , was born with a small , heart-shaped growth over his eyelid . but it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand . his parents claim nhs doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery , leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad .
noor ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband , businessman robert ellis , at their home in bali last october . his body , with wrists and feet bound , was found wrapped in plastic , dumped in a ditch in a rice field near sedang village . mrs ellis faced court on wednesday charged with the premeditated murder of her husband of 20 years .
jenny-lee , 28 , was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy . doctors at sydney 's prince of wales hospital told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy . she refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion . her mother heather has said her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child , named aroura .
luke munro , 19 , and dylon thompson , 21 , burst into the londis shop in cleveleys near blackpool in october last year while the owner , his wife , and their toddler were behind the counter . when the mother and father refused to hand over cash , munro and thomson threw sweets at them before storming out empty handed . the pair were tracked down , and at preston crown court on wednesday munro was jailed for five years
us researchers discovered that a single gene called tcsad1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter . plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants . more than five million cocoa farmers and their families depend on cocoa for their livelihoods around the world , where cacao l is cultivated in west africa , central and south america .
david serbeck , 42 , was shot and paralyzed in july 2009 by reginald campos , who suspected serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an suv while patrolling their buffdale neighborhood . in march 2012 , serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison .
kenneth stancil , 20 , is a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina . he allegedly entered the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun , went up to the third floor , and fired one shot , which killed long-time employee ron lane . the single bullet fired on monday morning killed rodney lane , who worked in the school 's print shop . it is not known whether stanc
the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later . animal control officials had high hopes for the bird 's recovery after its capture earlier wednesday because it seemed in otherwise good health and the arrow missed all its vital organs .
carolyn ross was looking out for the package to arrive in tahlequah . police found two condoms and meth stuffed inside the rabbit . the pound of meth has a street value of around $ 30,000 . police were alerted by tulsa county deputies that the package was to be delivered to ross 's home .
andrew anderson , 43 , accused of forcing social worker julie mcgoldrick to the floor . pair battled over unit which had been reduced from # 199 to # 99 . self-employed gardener ` strategised ' shopping and grabbed a tv near bottom of pallet . mr anderson ` went on not caring whether she was hurt or not ' , court told . judge at manchester magistrates ' court cleared him of any wrongdoing .
don mclean 's lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock 'n' roll puzzle . argued over by generations of geeky fans , deciphered and re-deciphered by code-breaking rock nerds and considered to be poetic reflections on mid-20th century u.s. social history by even groovier academics , it 's called american pie .
some 24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices , including when they were at school . nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of facebook and instagram . the study was carried out on american teenagers but the findings would likely be worse in the uk as more british teenagers own smartphones than their us counterparts .
toby ore , 32 , fitted computer to usb port of her computer in palmers green . the computer allowed fraudsters to remotely access the computer to transfer cash . she admitted one count of fraud at the old bailey as she was about to stand trial . she said the masterminds of the fraud had threatened her daughter .
home secretary theresa may said the tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with europe , including curbing access to benefits . migrants arriving in the uk will be banned from receiving handouts from the welfare state for four years , forcing them to pay tax and national insurance the state .
the tyranny of the nine-to-five is about money -lrb- of course -rrb- , but also about moral worth . on any morning , in any town or city all over the world , people stream into their places of work , some driven by a sense of vocation .
chester , a 6-year-old pit bull mix , had been living in new york state shelters since 2010 . it looked as though things were going to remain that way , until a picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country . the picture was shared more than 6,000 times and inquires about adopting chester poured in from all over the world .
thabo sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six nypd cops in a late-night incident that saw an indiana pacers player stabbed . footage taken outside a nightclub in chelsea , new york , appears to show sefoloha being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers . moments later , the video shows his teammate pero anti being led away from the scene in handcuffs .
the faa granted amazon 's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated wednesday . the company must supply monthly data to the regulators , and conduct flights at 400 feet -lrb- 120 metres -rrb- or blinding in ` visual meteorological conditions ' . the aircraft can travel at more than 50mph and carry loads of up to 5 pounds .
two-inch-long asian hornets pose a terrible danger to honeybees . they pick off bees as they leave hive until colony is so exhausted . hornet is thought to have travelled to france on some chinese pot plants . it has colonised huge swathes of the country and with few hornets capable of destroying 30,000 bees in just a couple of hours , honey production has plummeted .
an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky . following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it . footage was planned with a drone , with which spectacular images of the animals and their habitats could be made from above .
a green-tinged cloaked figure in a medieval manuscript bears more than a little resemblance to yoda from the star wars films , but is in fact a part of a strange representation of the biblical story of samson . the drawing shows a cloaked creature with long , spiky hands and protruding pointy ears - just like the fantasy character .
john o'connor , a highly experienced former police detective , has claimed the major power outage and the proximity of the multi-million burglary was far more than a coincidence . he also said that in his opinion , to succeed with such a complicated and ambitious crime , the gang must have had some inside help .
the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing without trace . the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon .
more than 20,000 pupils passed ten or more with either an a * grade . in 2009 , number of students who managed to get straight as was 15,791 . this rose to 16,983 in 2010 , 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012 . figures suggest britain 's most able students are increasingly getting top marks .
mike cannon-brookes , now a married father , is reportedly the mystery buyer who spent $ 12 million to make a stunning 1918 centennial park mansion their home . the room has stunning wall to ceiling shelves on all four walls , as well as a beautiful window above the work bench . upon entering the home the visitor is greeted with incredible high ceiling , wide hallways and decorative archways . attention to detail is intricate with chandeliers , polished floorboards and heritage woodwork etchings et
dustin wayne south died wednesday night at the louisville scene , in a field behind lassiter middle school , a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of the city . the shootout occurred after a neighbor saw south walking around the field while waving a gun in the air . two bullets fired by police struck south , but neither was lethal .
enid hatch , 70 , told of the horror as she ran out to communal hallway . husband alan rogers , 73 , smashed skull of 76-year-old fred hatch . rogers was sentenced to hospital order under mental health act . mrs hatch has lost a loved one in violent circumstances .
teenager , named locally as leah price , fell 200ft from cliff at campsite . believed she lost her footing on cliffs at filey , north yorkshire . retired woman said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside . police say it is believed she may have been sat on cliff edge with friend .
madonna , 56 , kissed drake onstage at coachella on sunday night . the singer looked horrified , even wiping his mouth . sources were quick to tell tmz that drake liked the kiss , but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off , therefore the foul look on his face .
video shows traffic moving along busy street in salihorsk , south of minsk . as dark clouds move over the city , entire area is plunged into darkness . within minutes , the storm had blocked out the sun , creating chaos . towards the end of the video , the clouds thin out and the city once again slowly becomes illuminated .
san francisco is known as america 's most european city , possibly because you 'll need to pack a fleece even in late july . the mist that rolls in off the sea and shrouds the golden gate bridge most days can sometimes linger , but we never stayed still long enough to get cold .
james koryor , 41 , was taken into custody tuesday morning on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse . police that he took his two sons to get haircuts on monday about 1pm , but instead went to a liquor store , where he bought a bottle of gin . the then drove around drinking with the boys in the car , before going home and falling asleep , wfsb reported . the boy 's mother found him in the vehicle some time later . police are still investigating what
sara martin , from lititz , pennsylvania , uttered a single word ` florida ' . now , the mother-of-three 's devoted family is taking her there for what will likely be her final holiday . she has taken part in charity runs , went on holidays and made countless invaluable memories with her family .
scientists have long suspected the role played by eye-spots found on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry . recently researchers suggested that the eye spots may simply scare away predators by confusing them or overloading their senses . owl butterflies have eye spots that mimic those of pigmy owls to scare off predators like great tits .
the former olympian and reality tv star will speak out in a ` far-ranging ' interview with diane sawyer later this month . the interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six 's transition to a woman and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in california in february . and while the kardashian women are known for enjoying center stage , they will not be stealing bruce 's spotlight because they will be in armen
claudia martins , 33 , gave birth alone at her sister 's flat in knowle , bristol . she kept pregnancy secret from her family and friends . paramedics were called after the 33-year-old , a portuguese national , was found sitting in the bath with ' a lot of blood ' . earlier she had killed the infant by stuffing toilet paper down its throat . she then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid the body in a suitcase - where
felix was found at jfk airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks . the cat 's owners , jennifer stewart , 31 , and her 34-year-old husband , joseph naaman , were left devastated after their beloved pet was missing .
conrad clitheroe , 54 , and gary cooper , 45 , were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers in dubai and abu dhabi . they were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained , were put into prison . families of the three men confirmed they would be free to go after the court accepted a defense argument that they were pursuing their passion for plane spotting .
the hq of global company moose toys , the cheltenham office in melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms , table tennis table , aerobics room , gym and a custom staff lunch room . staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the employee of the year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice .
a woman wearing just a bra and a flared mini skirt sashays across a room , where a smartly dressed man awaits . it could be an outtake from a film noir movie of yesteryear or even a discarded scene from the hit recent film fifty shades of grey . in fact , it 's an advert from cosmetics giant revlon for their latest lipstick .
michael rogan , 42 , a former marine and devout churchgoer died early on friday after the accident near the town of cleveland , wisconsin . his wife , niki , and their seven children aged between two and 15 years old , who were also in the car , suffered minor injuries . following the service newborn blaise was baptised .
the chief political correspondent of slate magazine was announced as the new host on the show on sunday after the 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week . he is expected to make his first appearance this summer , ending schieffer 's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program .
mummified remains of 28-year-old terzia hausmann found in the crypt of a church in vc , hungary . they say strains of tb evolved from a single germ that had began infecting people during the late roman period . historians have long taught native american populations were almost wiped out by diseases such as tuberculosis .
brucegger the cost of staying alive is $ 16,000 every three weeks . the 35-year-old , from griffith , says the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his hodgkin 's disease - brentuximab vedotin - has improved his condition dramatically . the brugger family attended a senate inquiry on monday in canberra .
police say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at m resort spa and casino in henderson , nevada . one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries .
nicola sturgeon said she would try to ` lock david cameron out of downing street ' . she said the offer stood ` regardless of who is the biggest party ' in the house of commons . comments raise prospect of mr miliband ending up in number 10 as result of nationalist support .
aaron taylor-johnson was just 19 when he met wife sam , then 42 , on the set of nowhere boy in 2009 . six years , one marriage and two children later , the hollywood actor has revealed that he does n't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature .
beverley davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old former royal marine ray warren . but tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal # 9,164 over 42 transactions . her actions left elderly mr warren so devastated that he lay in bed at night worrying about money and even stopped going out .
nicola sturgeon said she would work with ed miliband 's left-wing backbenchers . the snp leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the greens and plaid cymru to ensure mr miliband did not impose any more cuts . the comments came after a scottish poll delivered another blow .
abby swinfield , 18 , was partying with friends when she was rushed to hospital . she was taken to good hope hospital in sutton coldfield , west midlands . she died a week later from multiple organ failure after suffering two heart attacks . police arrested one girl for supplying drugs , but her drink was spiked .
the siezen family 's house appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck . when it is unfolded , the vehicle transforms into a majestic home for justin , jola and their baby son piko . the couple began work on their project , they wanted to ensure that , while in travel mode , the house would meet minimum road requirements .
the 70-year-old said evidence suggested women tended to be of average intelligence , whereas men were either ` very , very bright or very thick ' . he also hit out at baroness doreen lawrence for following what he claimed was the approach of us civil rights leaders after martin luther king 's death by ` treating blacks as victims ' .
the seven-car maglev hit a top speed of 375mph -lrb- 603 km/h -rrb- during a test run near mount fuji . the run beat last week 's speeds of 366mph , which in turn beat the train 's previous 12-year record of 361mph . the train is able to go this fast because it makes use of a charge to lift and move it above a guideway . the technology promises a ride that 's smoother , quieter
the sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield . those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for # 570,000 . another soldier has received # 411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops . settlements are thought to be the largest paid out by ministry of defence as a result of bullying .
the average cost of the big day hitting # 25,000 , thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget . it 's easy to cut costs by snapping up invites and decorations on the high street , but would you rather make like the a-list and splash the cash on a timeless vera wang .
apple is in talks with florence and the machine to give apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in june . apple bought audio equipment and music streaming company beats for about $ 3 billion in may 2014 , hoping to catch up in fast-growing music streaming industry .
georgina gosden , 25 , allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at townsville 's mad cow tavern in queensland . she carried out a similar attack on a woman in the same nightclub last april . police are pursuing the charges against her despite her most recent victim withdrawing the charges .
brock guzman , 8 , was found safe and well about two miles away from his northern californian home in the abandoned car . police said a hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 toyota corolla after the boy 's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home .
wendy stokes , 74 , was reunited with his owner after spending nearly a year on the run . he wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road . six months ago , he was re-homed with a couple living in margate , kent , 22 miles away from wendy 's farm in west hougham .
adam leheup , 34 , had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old . he told the jury the woman ` freaked out ' when he tried to comfort her . during the week long trial the woman , who can not be named for legal reasons , claimed he ignored her cries of ` no ' and afterwards said ` in my experience girls say no , but they do n't mean it ' .
pensions minister steve webb has urged people to take time rather than make rash decisions . he famously said we should be free to blow our life savings on a lamborghini . but after liberating a nation to spend their money as they wish . yesterday the biggest pension reforms in a century were launched .
albert roux has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years , zimbabwean-born heiress cheryl roux . the coterie includes a former flame , an artist , a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce .
doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure . the technique involves inserting the ebus down the throat , guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube . an ultrasound scanner attached to one end of the tube takes a scan while a small needle takes a tissue sample . findings from a three-year trial at uclh reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient 's first hospital appointment and for a decision
jeremy hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power . he said off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused at a management level . comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties , as well as health experts and medical professionals . the practice is being used by temporary executives .
the president 's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant ` that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like - but that 's going to change today ' . with the newly returned lawmakers scheduled to tomorrow take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal , the white house said administration officials would hold classified briefings with members of congress aimed at ` helping ' them understand ` commitments iran has made so
luca railton was born with bones missing from his legs due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia . doctors said the condition - which affects just one in three million people - meant he would have his right leg amputated or fused straight . but his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects , which would have left luca severely disabled for life .
the 42-year-old star has been showcased on her years of presenting a place in the sun . she is at hand to offer advice on how to perk up a house this spring . the images were captured by vogue and gq photographer , willy camden . they depict three different notes contained within air wick life scents .
steven nelms writes in the essay 's introduction that he ca n't afford his wife to be a stay-at-home mother . ' i do n't at all mean to offend anyone with this post , ' he writes . the essay was posted on we are glory , in which he would break-down the monetary value of everything his wife does to care for the family .
and iyer , 36 , quit his job to be a house-husband and now he could n't be happier . he worked for fashion site threadflip , but ditched his job at home . after working at microsoft , he moved over to be their chief product officer . he said he struggled to flit between the roles of employee and dad .
the 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to bbc 's andrew marr show in a fuchsia column dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique . she is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist in the run-up to the scottish parliament election in 2007 .
the great dying , which struck the earth 252 million years ago , wiped out more than 96 % of the world 's creatures . while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event , research has found the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic . this huge landmass created extremely arid conditions and by the late permian , temperatures were at an all time high .
patrick bamford scored middlesbrough 's second goal as they beat wolves . the teessiders remain on course for what would be a deserved return to the top division . boro boss aitor karanka said before the game that his team had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of a claustrophobic championship .
wendell steiner , his wife , and their four children were stopped by police in akron , ohio during their 300-mile journey from nova to pennsylvania . although mitt romney was governor of massachusetts and not the buckeye state , the former presidential candidate famously came under fire during his 2012 run for the white house .
ukip leader was booed by voters at methodist central hall as he faced claims he blamed all of britain 's problems on migrants . pollster icm hired by the bbc to select the audience members , today defended its process ` using random location selection techniques ' . mr farage said something had gone ` wrong ' with the process .
hillary clinton arrived at a suburban des moines , iowa fruit processing company on tuesday with an added vehicle -- a second scooby . after her signature oversize black chevy conversion van dropped her off at capitol fruit company in norwalk . both armored vehicles have raised roofs , deep-tinted windows and new york license plates .
sir ranulph fiennes has become the oldest briton to complete the marathon des sables in the desert . the veteran explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003 . he has raised almost # 1million for marie curie , previously raising # 6.3 m .
britain 's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels . so if you love the mulberry bayswater tote , but wince at the eye-watering price tag , you can pick up a looky-likey from next .
18-year-old ryan heritage was arrested in trowbridge , wiltshire . he was spotted by police who chased him on foot before grabbing him . police re-posted his original message and added their own : ` his luck ran out #arrested ' . heritage was charged with theft and burglary and failing to answer bail .
paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent . but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from its lining . inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric . supermarket has offered her a refund and # 40 voucher , adding the reptile may have climbed into one of the boxes transporting clothes from
liz norden 's adult sons , jp and paul , each lost their right leg when they were hit by the explosive mix of shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashing by the tsarnaevs ' primitive explosives in april 2013 . the men , now in their mid-thirties , were received horrific wounds as they shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line at the boston marathon almost two years ago .
julie mckenzie was assured by her gp that her nagging back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine . she 'd gone to see him three months after suddenly developing back problems and had been referred for x-rays . these revealed that her spine was slightly curved , a condition known as scoliosis .
reverend andrew dotchin , 58 , was celebrating the end of lent when he was refused entry at the wine bar in ipswich . he was told there were health and safety concerns , because a glass could fall on his foot . the bemused grandad , a massive facebook and twitter fan , grinned .
the pensioner , who was travelling in first class on board the boeing 777-300 jet , was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into the unplanned landing . the flight crew alerted the pilot , who put a call in to the irish aviation authority 's -lrb- iaa -rrb- north atlantic communications service centre at ballygirreen in co clare , who advised to land at shannon . on touching down at around
elizabeth scarborough , 21 , impersonates taylor swift when she 's not attending school in south carolina . before embarking on a career impersonating the singer , elizabeth was just a big fan of her music , and it was n't until , like , five or six years later when i realized , hey , i could really market this , ' she says . after taylor 's second album fearless , came out when elizabeth came out , the student asked her older brother to
the unusual transparency has been caused by surface ice melting , unveiling the boat graveyard at the bottom of the great lake . the soul-stirring images were snapped during a routine helicopter patrol by the u.s. coast guard , who had a perfect view of normally obscured wreckage in an area where many ships foundered in the 19th and early 20th centuries .
vanessa favia , 19 , has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of four-month-old stella . the petition asks for around a half a million dollars to be transferred to stella , who was born in kerobakan prison and who has urgent needs , including clothing and baby wipes .
the woman , who is donning a black-and-white striped top and a black vest , could be seen wandering her eyes around the room . she takes her reading glasses off and appears to clean them as she casually sits down on a seat before quickly pulling her black vest off . cctv footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk before she quickly grabbed the box of anzac badges and money while covering it with her vest at the caulfield rsl in elst
jacob king , from melbourne , had a face off with a neo-nazi at the easter weekend 's reclaim australia rallies . the anti-racism protester said he learned islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to ` unlearn ' these views ' .
charles barnhoorn , a telesales call handler , took hundreds of canisters of nitrous oxide before taking his own life . he was found dead in his bedroom by his heartbroken mother susan . coroner recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation .
clem schultz thought his dog missy suffered the same fate as his partner . when missy first disappeared the family created a facebook page called , ` the search for missy ' . missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from her schultz and his grandson tyler rowan before they were able to catch up with her .
dozens more company bosses have signed a letter backing tory economic plans . among the new signatories is simon woodroffe , the founder of yo ! sushi . others include executives from two ftse-100 firms and 10 from the ftse . announcement of new names will heap pressure on labour .
police arrested john truong 's sister alyssa chang this week after she allegedly helped kidnap ronnie tran and his mother , with the child 's grandmother , 65-year-old vien nguyen . chang and the grandmother then took the two to another home in fife .
the cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student , ranajit roy in his hometown of bengaluru . the palm squirrel lets outs a big yawn after waking up . the species are found naturally in india and sri lanka . photographer and student spent five minutes snapping the photographs .
domanik green , 14 , allegedly accessed a computer at paul r. smith middle school in holiday , florida , without permission by using an administrator 's password to alter the image to two men kissing . he was arrested on wednesday and detained at the land o'lakes detention center until he was released into the custody of his mother later the same day .
nicole mcdonough , 32 , of mount olive , new jersey , was arrested in december on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at mendham high school . a subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in improper ` communication ' and ` fraternization ' . on monday , she applied for a pre-trial intervention program , which provides first-time , non-violent offenders with alternatives to traditional prosecution . if she meets
sgt. george hildebidle , who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children , barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home . police said the officer 's wife made the call , which was listed as a domestic dispute . the whereabouts of his wife are not known .
welsh schoolboy , who was formally named by police today , was holidaying in the french resort of flaine with his mother ceri , elder brother gerwyn , 19 , and nine-year-old sister antonia . police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events , but they believe the little boy was killed instantly in the fall .
robin williams , 63 , was diagnosed with parkinson 's , stuffed his collection of watches into a sock and took it to a friend for safekeeping . the oscar-winning actor , who had been prone to episodes of insomnia and anxiety prior to his death , also spent his final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online .
peter sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in broadmoor for the savage killings of 13 women . but now , despite being one of the country 's most notorious serial killers , he may be moved to a cushy priory unit set in berkshire woodland . a report is being compiled which will rule if the move goes ahead .
deborah steel , 37 , who ran the royal standard pub in ely , cambridgeshire , was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 december 1997 . police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation as a murder inquiry . the search has the full consent of the present landlord who is not connected with the investigation .
kanye has penned an essay for the magazine 's april issue . the 37-year-old said it would be ` more like the energy companies ' . he said madonna , beyonce and madonna were all co-owners of jay z 's new tidal streaming service .
myuran sukumaran 's 34th birthday is being marked in london . his cousin niranjela karunatilake is currently holding an exhibition of his artwork . the pair are in an isolated cell pinning their hopes on yet another legal quest for mercy which rests with a court that has previously recommended an option of a life sentence for reformed inmates .
kylie gulliver , a former model and actress from melbourne , had been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years . the 29-year-old 's brand elliott label is suddenly the hit of hollywood , and is adorning the backs of stars including kourtney kardashian , drew barrymore , cameron diaz and pop group grl .
kim roberts admitted stealing antiques and art treasures worth # 500,000 . the 58-year-old worked for the countess , 87 , and helped herself to riches . the bathurst family home , cirencester park , houses artistic treasures stretching back more than three centuries to the first earl bathurst .
the reality star was left heartbroken last august when doctors revealed his ` best ' friend ' and mother kym norris had just one hope for survival . weeks earlier dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia . bobby tweeted : ` somewhere there is an amazing person that registered with @anthonynolan and was a match for my mum , i will never be able to thank you enough ' .
john allan claims the tory leader 's decision to promise an in-out referendum . he suggested large firms like supermarket giant could move their head offices from london to other sites in europe ` relatively painlessly ' , should britain exit the eu . tory election manifesto includes the promise of an inout referendum by 2017 .
chief secretary caught on camera knocking back drinks with call girl . pair were snapped at bar one inverness on friday as part of nip festival . comes as david cameron faced growing revolt over his ` flat-footed ' election campaign . mps pointed finger of blame at pm 's australian election guru lynton crosby .
josh and vanessa ellis were driving under an overpass in bonney lake . concrete slab slammed down on top of them , according to police . the barrier weighed ` tons ' according to investigators and the damage to the family 's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies .
man , in his 20s , was struck by a northern line train at stockwell station . he sustained life-threatening head injuries while bending down to pick up his bag . the station , which serves the victoria line , was shut while medics tended to the passenger who was later taken to hospital .
 honza and claudine lafond , from sydney , have snapped photos of themselves striking impressive yoga poses all over the world . the pair , who run a worldwide studio called yogabeyond , do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds . honza does a balancing act atop her husband in ubud , bali .
duke of york was visiting the offices of akzonobel , a paint firm based in slough . the 55-year-old , who was at the factory as part of his work with the outward bound trust , has always denied that he had any sort of relationship with virginia roberts .
the change in policy comes as former board member hillary clinton undertakes her presidential campaign . the foundation 's reliance on funding from several middle east governments that suppress dissent and women 's rights . concerns that the state department focused on during her stint as secretary of state sparked criticism and gave republicans a new offensive against the leading democrat .
rhiannon langley , from melbourne , is sharing every step of the journey with hundreds of thousands of strangers . the 24-year-old hairdresser has 189,000 followers on instagram . she is currently in a bangkok hotel recovering from surgery , but has remained active on social media .
alexsandro palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work , as he asks women to share their thoughts on gender violence . in the #briefmessage campaign , women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera , sometimes staring boldly into the lens .
loganair flight from aberdeen to shetland was put off its approach by thunderstorms , snow , hail and 70mph winds . autopilot ignored pilot 's commands to climb and tried to crash plane into the sea . pilot wrestled back control just moments before it was about to crash into the icy water .
liana barrientos , 39 , was nabbed by authorities after saying her 2010 marriage - the tenth time she tied the knot - was actually her first . her first marriage took place in 1999 to mohamed gerbril , followed by a 2001 marriage to habibur rahman .
carol lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown through her car window . she was forced to stop her car as she drove close to jeppestown after a peace march in durban , south africa . around 200 protesters , shouting that they wanted immigrants to leave the country , pelted passing vehicles and the police with rocks .
bethany farrell , 23 , from essex , died on february 17 while in queensland 's whitsundays , a week into her dream gap-year when she went scuba diving for the first time . two people who were on the boat have taken to tripadvisor to slam wings diving adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances .
evan summerfield from devon had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself but just hours later he was fighting for his life . he was rushed to derriford hospital in plymouth but despite doctors and nurses battling to save him , evan was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after .
julia ware , who was 15 at the time of the accident , appeared at wayne county court in honesdale , pennslyvania , on wednesday . the families of shamus digney , cullen keffer and ryan lesher watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors . after the hearing was over , a grieving father branded ware , of pleasantville , new york , a murderer .
bobby moore , 23 , wed childhood sweetheart sam myers at chelsea register office . bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses . poignantly also contained a picture of her father dean , who died in 2011 aged 43 . poppy was only 18 months old when her famous grandfather died in february , 1993 .
the rate of bankruptcy remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid , according to researchers from the california institute of technology , george washington university and the university of washington . despite earning millions , nearly 16percent of players are bankrupt within 12 years .
the man is believed to have scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight . it was reported that the fan then walked into the ferrari garage expressing his desire to race a grand prix car . the man was later said to have been waving his entry ticket .
conservative supporters love a good trashy plane read , it seems liberal democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights . ukip supporters are the most likely to swoop for the free shampoo and shower gel in hotel rooms . the scottish national party are the least likely to pack the speedos on holiday .
austin bird , one of the men pictured sitting at the table with mrs. clinton , was staged from beginning to end . bird told daily mail online that campaign staffer troy price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him tuesday morning at a restaurant in davenport , a nearby city . price then drove them to the coffee house to meet clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour . the three got the lion 's share of mrs.
esther mcvey , who won her wirral west seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436 , has demanded that ed miliband condemns the attacks . she has been one of the party 's most prominent rising stars , but is the tory cabinet minister most at risk of becoming a casualty on election night .
sunday night 's towie saw dan edgar agree to give his relationship with jessica wright a second chance . the 29-year-old is the first celebrity to front an ann summers campaign . the campaign sees jess showcase her incredible figure in the resort collection which includes 15 swimwear pieces .
british photographer julian john is captivated by the incredible interiors of the biggest mosque in the middle east . now living abroad , john visits the intricately designed prayer halls as frequently as possible to snap photographs of what he believes to be the jewel in the united arab emirates ' crown .
adele sarno , 85 , is facing eviction from her $ 820-a-month apartment in little italy . she has lived there for more than 50 years and received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $ 3,500 a month . her landlord is the italian american museum which is dedicated to the legacy of italian-americans .
state representative jesse young wants to use two or three carriers to link bremerton and port orchard across sinclair inlet . proposal put forth by young which would use money from the state 's highway budget to fund a feasibility study about the bridge passed in the washington house on thursday .
john and carolyn jackson forced some of the children to drink hot sauce or eat hot pepper flakes and were n't exposed until one of their biological children reported the abuse to someone outside the family , assistant u.s. attorney joseph shumofsky said in his opening statement . child , now in his teens , is expected to provide key testimony for the prosecution .
swedish retailer has been forced to take action to stop visitors kicking off their shoes and going to sleep on their beds . problem has got so bad that nappers had taken over more than half of beds and sofas in the xihongmen ikea shop in beijing , the people 's daily reported .
the group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964 in a four-page document . document related to a notorious flat in battersea , south west london . it is not clear whether the band and savile attended the brothel at the same time , but they have all been linked to the property .
sandra garratt , 56 , went through two years of agony following two back operations . last month doctors told housewife there was nothing more they could do ease her suffering . she had fallen more than 50ft from the top of an asda supermarket multi-storey car park . but he became anxious for her welfare and he called the police .
a scientist has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry . by studying composition of modern steel , welding techniques , he concludes it is n't a steel at all , but instead is a metal matrix composite . the findings and conclusions were made by materials scientist ryan consell in the latest reactions video for washington-based american chemical society .
joyce tabram , 82 , was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to fsh on march 30 with a swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms . she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her . opposition leader mark mcgowan said it was a form of torture and gross incompetence at fsh .
lydia millen and ali gordon met on instagram and live in milton keynes . the couple met two years ago after ali ` liked ' one of lydia 's instagram pictures . both have large followings on the site with lydia boasting 194,000 followers and ali has 109,000 .
matt o'connor 's own-goal turned his team 's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie and led to their defeat in boston on saturday . providence defenseman tom parisi dumped the puck towards the bu goal from near center ice . brandon tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the friars the lead .
la-sonya mitchell-clark , 38 , of youngstown , ohio , finally got the answers she 's wanted almost her whole life . she looked up her mother 's name , francine simmons , on facebook and found out she worked infocision - the same call-center operation company she works at .
jean sharon abbott , 38 , from plymouth , minnesota , was told she had spastic diplegia , a form of cerebral palsy , when she was just four-years-old . after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms , weakness , near immobility , as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures , she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia -lrb- drd -rrb- , a rare ,
tim farron was accused by jo stephenson 's widow hilary of ` betrayal ' . he fell from the roof of his house while suffering ` intense stress ' . the deputy leader of cumbria county council fell from property in windermere . now mr farron has angrily accused him of reneging on a deal to support her late husband .
a police spokesperson confirmed that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the 48-year-old man had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years . the man , from leumeah , 52 kilometres south-west of sydney , was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on june 10 .
three other guards - paul slough , evan liberty and dustin heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for charges that included manslaughter , attempted manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony . u.s. district judge royce lamberth announced the sentences after a day-long hearing at which defense lawyers had argued for leniency .
joseph o'riordan , 74 , had confided in him about plan for wife mandy . he stabbed her eight times in a jealous rage after finding out she had been having an affair with a postman . she suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in the torso , chest , arms and back .
researchers at the natural history museum in london and university college london have found evidence the human bones found in gough 's cave in somerset had the flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed . they found tooth marks on many of the bones , which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992 .
the work titled double falsehood was presented by theatre impresario lewis theobald in the 18th century as an adaptation of a shakespeare play about a spanish nobleman 's ignoble pursuit of two women . his claims were greeted with widespread scepticism in the eighteenth century , including from the great poet alexander pope .
the quintessential big apple thoroughfare thronged with color on sunday afternoon . bunny ears , eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of new yorkers as they milled around in a loose gaggle centered on st patrick 's cathedral .
aaronessa keaton of phoenix , arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system . she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in february 2014 , and one of the children later died from their injuries . when told of this after her arrest , keaton , 24 , said : ` sh*t happens ' .
pm accused snp and labour of posing a ` clear and present danger ' to britain . he said the two parties were pretending to ` slug it out ' ahead of poll . but insisted they were working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit . cameron said ed miliband could now only become prime minister with support .
a lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs . findings bolster the theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems . many scientists believe modern society , with its mania for sanitation and easy access to antibiotics , makes us hypersensitive to harmless allergens .
australian government report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in cola . many nations are looking into carbon capture and storage -lrb- ccs -rrb- technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions , of which carbon dioxide plays a large role . the technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent , but there are concerns over storing such huge amounts
josh darnbrough , 24 , slept , his mate rob gaskell , also 24 , inked the words ` if found face down call an ambulance ' on his back , using a diy kit . the prank has n't harmed the pair 's friendship - and the childhood friends , who are both having their tattoos removed , still see each other every day .
alexander soumbadze has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography . the 26-year-old , a native of tbilisi , georgia , fled the us after confessing to the crimes . a warrant has been issued for the arrest of the bethesda resident , in december 2014 .
` dear northern beaches parasites and car dependent tragics , ' it read . the controversial note was left on the windscreen of a car by a fed-up resident of cammeray . the north shore suburb was split on the parking issue , with other locals ` horrified ' by the letter .
david tungate , 58 , was left devastated after the marriage to his first gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the uk . he then remarried , but his second wife , also from gambia , turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of # 24,000 of his retirement money and left him close to bankruptcy .
companies exposed by the daily mail as selling private information to be probed by the industry watchdog . b2c data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people -- including details about their pension pots , incomes and investments . second firm -- data bubble -- supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients -- such as whether they suffered from high blood pressure , arthritis or bladder problems .
dr. anthony j. moschetto allegedly used drugs , guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute . he first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man 's office . it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal , prosecutors said .
queen victoria spent her holidays in osborne house on the isle of wight . she would travel to portsmouth by train and then by ferry to ryde . accommodation was built for the stationmaster , as well as waiting rooms with toilets for both ladies and gentlemen . it is now a five-bedroom family home , currently on the market for # 625,000 .
larry kramer , 79 , says he believes what 's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles . in volume one of his two part book ` the american people , ' kramer says that abraham lincoln was gay and his killer john wilkes booth was actually lincoln 's spurned gay lover .
elspeth mckendrick , 16 , was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with asperger 's syndrome . the doctor who and sherlock fan had desperately wanted to fit in at school and had built up a small circle of friends . her parents said she was ` happy to be odd and eccentric ' but was ` very much in denial ' about her condition and felt unable to discuss it with anybody .
ben sunderman , 19 , who has down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with embassy suites , the anticipation was overwhelming for the family . in the video filmed by his mother , he thoroughly looks over the letter on april 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision - which he does not reveal until the end shouting ' i get it . i get the job ! ' with hugs , laughs and excitement all around , the priceless reaction left
kenneth crowder , 41 , was spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself god . he was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree . crowder was arrested in melbourne , facing charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer , resisting with violence , and assault with a deadly weapon .
` plus-size ' model laura wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model roommates to prepare for fashion week . the size 14 model lived with a group of standard ` skinnier ' models during her stint working in new york . she says her room mates , who struggled to book jobs , compared themselves to her as she was highly in-demand despite allowing herself treats .
google partnered with catlin seaview survey and adrian shine from the loch ness and morar project to capture the street view images . the site has launched to mark the 81st anniversary of the ` surgeon 's photograph ' . it lets people virtually explore both above and beneath the water in the iconic scottish waterway .
lesley jonathon cameron , who was 19 and at the time , also raped tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead . a used condom with dna evidence was found after the incident . the west australian supreme court heard cameron 's behaviour was ` sadistic ' and he went on a ` killing spree ' .
boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by mookie betts . xander bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings . fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light .
the sum is almost five times the prime minister 's # 142,500 pay packet . a further 11 dentists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 . the figures lay bare the huge amounts of taxpayers ' money paid to dentists for nhs work . campaigners said the payments were ` scandalous ' and ` unacceptable ' .
police across malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos . in nearby burundi , albino youngsters from across east africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection . the drastic developments come as the united nations reports at least 15 people with albinism , mostly children , have been killed , wounded , abducted or kidnapped .
irina shayk 's latest job involves posing in a swimsuit and shades . the russian supermodel , 29 , split from her partner of five years , christiano ronaldo . but she looks anything but in the steamy new video and campaign for linda farrow eyewear .
the game is based on children 's favourite whack-a-mole but instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food a cartoon girl . it was marketed by smarttouch media and sold on the amazon and android platforms until it was withdrawn following complaints . if the player misses the girl , she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies .
ryanair , run by michael o'leary , shared a photo of two of its staff by an advertising banner in terminal 2 , along with the words : ` low fares have come to @dublinairport t2 at last . fly from t1 for the lowest fares made simple ' .
prince abdul malik , 31 , and dayangku raabi'atul ` adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah , 22 , took place in the lavish settings of 1,788-room palace in brunei 's capital . the newlyweds ' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds .
brett matthew paul thomas , now 56 , and mark titch , 17 , were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in orange county . thomas was 18 at the time , and titch died behind bars last year . the two were neighbors at a stanton apartment complex that the police had dubbed ` the zoo ' because of the criminal activity there .
callum ryan , 21 , has committed himself to the daunting challenge of running eight of them between january and september 2015 . his ` eight great states ' campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend , malachy frawley who died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old .
the plane , which spectacularly vanished last year with 239 people on board , is believed to have crashed in the indian ocean off australia 's west coast . by expanding the search area for the downed plane , the mission to recover it could go on for another 12 months , according to government officials . the expanded search will ` cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis ' .
pamela clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow . but the 92-year-old 's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house . her beloved dog mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary . the great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family .
president obama met usain bolt in striking his trademark ` lightning pose ' . during the encounter on thursday , obama praised him saying ` nobody 's ever been faster than this guy ' . he then told bolt ` wait , wait should we get a pose here ? come on man show me ' .
omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , first came to prominence when he appeared in a isis propaganda video . he urged the west to send troops to fight isis , vowing ` we 'll send them back one by one in coffins ' . now the fighter has been promoting himself as an amateur islamic thinker .
david cameron says recovery must be seen in every part of the country . he said recovery must not just ` on the screens of traders in the city of london ' . chancellor george osborne joined mr cameron to launch a north west manifesto at a train depot in crewe .
ukip convert mark reckless faces an uphill battle to hold on to his 2,920 majority on may 7 . the disclosure comes after ukip was thrown into turmoil by last week 's leak to the mail on sunday of a survey showing reckless trailing the tories in his target seat of thanet south .
new jersey teacher cheryl meyer took the mic at a town hall meeting tuesday to tell presumptive presidential candidate chris christie that he needs to tone it down a little bit . meyer said it would be difficult for her to explain to her young students why it 's okay for a presidential figure to say ` shut up ' and ` idiot ' .
the controversial contest , held in the forests of the diamond-rich sakha republic , is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter . attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of russia , particularly at this time of the year as they awake hungry .
actress , 69 , has won countless accolades for her talents . says she was in her prime age-wise in the ` unfortunate ' 1970s . in an interview with times2 , she said : ' i happened to hit the culture at a time that was worse than the f ****** 1940s or 1950s . it was horrible ' .
jennifer lopez 's shimmering , navel-baring versace gown captivated the world . so much so that , long before kim kardashian was breaking the internet , j lo 's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze . it even caught the attention of google executive , eric schmidt , who has revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating google images .
danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married . danielle refused to give up on brian and took him into her full time care as he was still bedridden and hooked to a feeding tube .
the man , believed to be mentally disturbed , was caught on video trying to enter a restricted area but refused to abide by security protocol . police in canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a turkish airlines flight and was then tasered while attempting to get on the plane anyway . in the video , the man mumbles and stares ahead while the laser-guided sight of a police taser is clearly visible on his white t-shirt . most sound from the
the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power . the gun currently holds the guinness world record for the smallest working revolver . the mini-revolver can be made to order in solid gold - with each one costing # 300,000 to manufacturer .
sarah stage , a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles , welcomed james hunter into the world on tuesday afternoon . despite her critics ' claims that her unusually trim figure could be damage to her unborn child . sarah confirmed to e! that baby james weighed in at a healthy eight pounds , seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth .
fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman 's arm just in time . but before ladder could be used the woman became agitated and lowered herself on to the edge of the concrete ledge . she was then bundled back through the window kicking and screaming by the firemen . xu has been widely praised for his actions but insisted he was only doing his job .
residents in the northern city of aershan feared the end was nigh when the heavens opened and out of the sky fell ... mud , covering them in a strange dark residue . no official comments were given on what caused the bizarre red sky . but photos of people 's hands covered in the black soot have circulated widely online .
al sharpton has denied that the family of police shooting victim walter scott have barred him from attending his funeral because it would cause a ` circus ' of media attention . he also announced that he would head to north charleston , south carolina , to preach and attend a vigil on sunday , the day after the funeral .
scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disc of gas around an infant star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming . discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on earth are not unique to our solar system . the region can be compared with our solar systems 's kuiper belt , a realm of icy mini-worlds and comets beyond neptune .
the naked bodies of a young couple were found stuffed in boxes in india . locals discovered the dead pair , believed to be in their mid to late 20s . police said the man 's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk . his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women .
the deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in landford , essex and is thought to date to 5,600 bc . it was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet -lrb- one metre -rrb- and then backfilled with soil . three radiocarbon dates , two from bone fragments and one from charcoal , have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old and fall within the late mesolithic , between 6,000
the automated computer program was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $ 100 each week by randomly purchasing an item offered for sale on the deep web . the robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in the town of st gallen , in north east switzerland .
study by london school of hygiene and tropical medicine found obese people appear to be protected against dementia , with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight . findings contradict previous studies which have suggested being fat - with a high body mass index -lrb- bmi -rrb- could raise the risk .
defence minister kevin andrews has failed to name the leader of islamic state on the same day the federal government announced they would be sending more than 300 australian troops to iraq . but sales refused to reveal the brutal regime 's leader . abu bakr al-baghdadi is leader of notorious terrorist organisation .
braylon robinson was playing at a house in cleveland , ohio , on sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger . minutes later , he was rushed to an area hospital , where he was later pronounced dead . investigators are apparently trying to determine where the gun came from - and the identity of the person responsible for bringing it into the house and leaving it within the toddler 's reach .
peter fox , 26 , was arrested at euston station in london on suspicion of the murders of bernadette , 57 , and sarah fox , 27 . the body of his sister was found by police on thursday night , just hours before her 57-year-old mother was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away in bootle , merseyside .
doug hughes made his initial appearance in u.s. district court in washington on thursday . he steered his tiny aircraft onto the capitol 's west lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the national mall . he was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in tampa starting next week .
the sandstorm wrecked havoc across the area last week , causing traffic accidents , the cancellation of hundreds of flights and triggering breathing difficulties among residents . on april 1 , the sandstorm could be seen enveloping much of saudi arabia and the united arab emirates . by april 4 , it pushed further east to cause flight cancellations in dubai .
prime minister chatted and posed for selfies at gravesend gurdwara in kent . the visit was designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks until the election . comes just a day after the conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of christians in the uk .
researchers examined the site where a series of tracks left by a barefooted early human in ileret , northwest kenya , have now found 99 prints . they now believe that they belong to groups who all passed over the soft mud at the same time - perhaps even stalking some of the other animals whose prints are also preserved in the mud .
american cable and satellite television network has pledged to crackdown on australians who use overseas accounts to access the us-restricted streaming service hbo now . tens of thousands of aussies are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network -lrb- vpn -rrb- technology . the technology alters their ip address to bluff their way around geographic restrictions .
heather hironimus , who filed the complaint late monday , is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges have n't . the complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son is n't necessary , that the boy does n't want it , and that his constitutional rights are being violated . aside from seeking to stop the procedure , she is trying to avoid her own arrest . her arrest was ordered after she fled in february and ignored a judge '
corporal christian walmsley found dead in his flat in bolton , greater manchester . father-of-three had served in first gulf war , bosnia , angola and northern ireland . 42-year-old had witnessed ` significant violence only soldiers experience ' . after retiring from army , he was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder .
astronomers say ` rogue ' , sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials . this is according to sean raymond , an astrophysicist with the laboratoire d'astrophysique de bordeaux in france , who has taken a look at how life can form on rogue planets .
the mountain lion , known as p-22 , left the los feliz home in the early hours of tuesday , having created quite the media circus in the affluent hollywood suburb . his departure was announced on twitter by the california department of fish and wildlife , which tweeted ` the cougar has left the building ' at 9.28 am .
the 33-year-old , who is vying for a place on team gb at the rio olympics , welcomed mia grace with husband mike tindall last year . but after finding herself ` surprised ' by how her fitness dropped during pregnancy , the queen 's granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime .
the 44-year-old tv star was found dead by suicide at his miami mansion on sunday . the live with kelly & michael co-host , who is usually seen smiling , wore a frown as she left the building alone . when appearing on her morning show she said , ` he was such a great person , a great friend , he will be missed ' .
british jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks such as burger king , pringles and mojitos which they have had carried across the turkish border into syria . but the hypocrisy in their choice of diet has n't gone unnoticed , with twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden .
new study by independent political magazine mother jones spawned by the mass shooting in aurora , colorado , in july 2012 during a midnight screening of the dark knight rises . the magazine says it set out to determine the amount of money the survivors and victims ' families from that one incident would need , based on medical expenses , lost wages , court costs , therapy and impact on quality of life .
peggy siegal said voting panel objected to having a british director paint their country in a bad light . she said steve mcqueen would not win as the academy did not want such a dark message about the us to be ` sent around the world ' . the emails also reveal that a hollywood blockbuster of dr who is in the works - but not for a few years .
kingsley burrell , 29 , died in police custody on march 31 2011 , four days after he was arrested and sectioned in birmingham city centre . cctv showed that in fact nobody had approached him , he was sectioned under the mental health act , and died four days later at the queen elizabeth hospital . kadisha brown-burrell , the victim 's sister , described the moment she saw mr burrell following his arrest .
the protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic t-cells , which have the ability to detect cancerous cells , hunt them down , and destroy them . in a chance discovery in mice , it was found that a previously unknown protein - which they named the lymphocyte expansion molecule or lem - dramatically boosted the body 's number .
number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from last year . the product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including victoria beckham and sam faiers . georgia percy , of retail analysts kantar worldpanel , said it suggests women are ` tending towards a more natural look ' .
beatrice tollman , founder of luxury hotel chain , made her most recent donation of # 20,000 to the tories earlier this month to boost the party 's general election campaign coffers . but last night it emerged she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge .
michelle , a 32-year-old mother who has asked for her surname not to be used , said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on tuesday and almost hit her vehicle . she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings .
a recent poll revealed that not only is the duchess loved by 50 per cent of britons , 56 per cent credit her with charles ' own increasing popularity . more to the point , she has also become a much-loved member of the royal family , adored by her step-sons william and harry .
dave brockie was found slumped in a chair at his richmond , virginia , home march 23 , 2014 . medical examiner determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose . the grammy-nominated band was founded in 1984 and is known for its comically grotesque costumes , stage antics and vulgar lyrics .
detectives are ` vigorously perusing that line of inquiry and this investigation is moving at a very fast pace ' . the news comes as the parents of the missing toddler have begged for his return in a heart-wrenching video made seven months after he vanished from his grandmother 's home .
prime minister hailed the work of the church and condemned persecution of christians following the massacre in kenya . mr cameron 's praise for the church comes after he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for a ` fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be ' .
gavin tobeck of lacey , washington suffered from a broken cheekbone , jaw and nose bridge , and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets . the boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds . doctors thought that the young boy would not make it , but after spending six days at harborview medical center , he was released late on tuesday . following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies , smash is scheduled to be euthanized by thur
jameela jamil has the dazzling smile that you 'd expect of a television presenter and former model . but the 29-year-old broadcaster is convinced her teeth triggered a host of health problems that plagued her for nearly seven years . she has presented the radio 1 chart show and programmes for channel 4 .
annah sophia stevenson decided to get takeaway from blenheim mcdonald 's for herself and her three-year-old son luca at about 5.20 pm on saturday . the cosmetic artist found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten , disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth . after rushing to the bathroom to vomit , she brushed her teeth only to find a piece of black shell lodged between her teeth .
kyle major , 14 , followed his victim who had just asked friends for directions . paul walker , 52 , was thought to be unconscious before chin hit the ground . he was found face down in pool of blood by passerby in early hours of new year 's day . major pleaded guilty to manslaughter at preston crown court today .
the bridesmaids star and daughter of barry otto have joined up in new film-making collaboration ` the doll house ' . byrne believes , in an age where sheryl sandberg of facebook , arianna huffington post and marissa mayer of yahoo dominating powerful positions .
shinjiro kumagai is a ` mild mannered ' clergyman at a buddhist temple called gokurakuji in kitakyushu , southwest japan . but after the days work is done , he dresses up as iconic sci-fi tv hero kamen rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law .
photographer mark kolbe travelled around australia to meet the grandchildren , great-grandchildren , sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the australian armed forces who landed in gallipoli nearly 100 years ago . among the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge . the servicemen ' medals remain glistening inside their descendants ' homes after a century of being treasured .
sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels . this energy can be used throughout the day , and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down . rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid , homeowners can then use their stored supply for power .
german photographer dieter klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields . he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including a rare jaguar xk120 . many of the cars , often with doors , tires or windows missing , are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over .
the park hyatt new york hotel recently hired first lady michelle obama 's favourite designer , narcisco rodriguez , to re-design the staff 's uniforms . while the shangri la hotel in toronto opted for local designer , sunny fong , when overhauling their lobby lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms .
doug hughes made it through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone in a gyrocopter wednesday carrying 535 letters -- one for each member of congress -- and landed the aircraft on the capitol lawn . although hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged thursday with violating restricted airspace .
last month 's average temperature soared to 56.4 f -lrb- 13.6 c -rrb- above the average for the 20th century . this was the highest for march in the 1880 - 2015 record , surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09 c . it follows earlier announcements from us government scientists that 2014 was the hottest year in modern history .
the 19-year-old model in california has taken to bathing in pig 's blood in a desperate -- and bizarre -- attempt to maintain her youthful appearance -- despite the fact that she is a vegetarian . in the latest episode of mtv 's true life , titled ` i 'm obsessed with staying young ' .
the men had rented a house on caspar cove 160 miles north of san francisco to hunt for abalone , a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy . witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced abalone divers who chose rough , choppy waters near several dangerous rock outcroppings to dive .
alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to turn around and return to seattle-tacoma international airport monday . passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet . the unnamed employee of airline contractor menzies aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air . earlier , the terrified man called 911 begging the dispatcher for help .
the spectacular crash on saturday wrote a green lamborghini off and wrecked a red ferrari . both drivers have been charged by the local public security bureau with dangerous driving and have been detained . they are believed to have been racing through the underpass in beijing when the drivers lost control and crashed .
players of the online game are tasked with escaping syria - which has been ravaged by civil war and the rise of isis . the syrian journey game often leads to players dying and was criticised by experts for turning the suffering of millions into a ` children 's game ' . grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers , women being sold between militia groups , and refugees being beaten over the head .
chamali fernando , candidate for cambridge , was speaking at hustings event . she said wearing wristbands indicating a person 's condition would help doctors , lawyers and police officers because people suffering mental illnesses often struggled to explain themselves . she made the startling suggestion as she made startling suggestion .
agonda beach is one of the many relaxed stretches of shoreline along the edge of goa . on arrival , we head for ashvem beach , in the north , for three nights at yab yum resorts . there are yoga and pilates classes , massage sessions , trinket sellers , football kick-arounds , frisbee games , joggers .
shadow health secretary andy burnham warns nhs ` can not survive ' five years of the tories in government . labour frontbenchers launch week of labour attacks on the nhs . ambulance response times for most serious call-outs will rise to over nine minutes . 500,000 fewer older people will receive social care and 600,000 people will be forced to wait for more than four hours on a&e .
brian karl brimager , 37 , entered his plea on friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in san diego . he has been in custody since june 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation . the 42-year-old woman from laguna niguel , california , was last seen in september 2011 when she arrived in panama with brimager .
viv nicholson , 79 , became rich overnight when she scooped # 152,319 . the win would be worth up to # 5million in today 's money . pair splurged the cash on flash cars , designer clothes , holidays and partying . mrs nicholas died at the wheel of his blue jaguar in 1965 , which led to mr n'ticholson being declared bankrupt , as tax authorities reclaimed most of her husband 's wealth .
dr fredric brandt 's death on sunday was a suicide by hanging . an autopsy was scheduled on monday , the coroner confirmed . comedian and former the view star , joy behar , tweeted : ` dr brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with . he will be sorely missed ' .
ed miliband 's son daniel has inadvertently waded into the row . the unwitting admission came as mr miliband yet again wheeled out his children for the cameras . it is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign -- once for a bbc profile , again for an interview on itv 's good morning britain .
the 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from los angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs . but james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week , putting paid to sarah 's critics .
prince harry took an hour-long break at the village during a training exercise with a norforce unit . he struck a pose next to a redheads rule sign but refused to pose for a selfie . he also found time to meet some of the locals and hit the headlines when he revealed his true feelings about selfie photos .
the government yesterday unveiled its final calculation for the war reparations stemming from occupation by the third reich . the radical left syriza party says germany owes greece nearly 279billion euros , or # 204billion to compensate it for looting and war crimes . the demand comes just days before greeks is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the international monetary fund .
in the springtime , the shops are full of new season clothes that are just waiting for a sunny day but still unsuitable for the ever-changing british weather . cotton dresses , cut-off mini skirts and denim hot pants all need to wait until at least june for an appearance .
sam longhurst , head chef of splendid kitchen , manchester , created a burger containing two beef patties and a whole fried chicken thigh . he devised the mega meal - which contains two beef burgers , homemade bacon jam , ham chunks , a whole chicken thigh , barbequed pulled pork and bacon rashers .
the singer-songwriter 's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $ 1.5 million -lrb- # 1,006,303 -rrb- at auction today . in an interview published by christie 's auction house new york , where the manuscript is up for grabs today .
jeff and joey stallings , both in their twenties , fell seriously ill earlier this month after taking a ` bad batch ' of synthetic marijuana in their hometown of mccomb , mississippi . they were hospitalized on april 6 , within hours of each other , when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations , vomiting , night sweats and violent shaking . they had to be put on life support .
thibaud jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , use a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in rottnest island on april 3 . the men told fairfax media outside court on saturday , ` you think we 're monsters ? we did n't hurt the quokka . we have pets at home ' . both of the tourists pleaded guilty to animal cruelty
illinois rep. luis gutierrez said that if a person is arrested of detained , he or she can ` explain that under the policy in place today , you should be released because you are not a priority for deportation ' . the two-page booklet details president barack obama 's expanded deferred action for childhood arrivals -lrb- daca -rrb- and deferred action .
victoria beckham posted a pic of her husband on instragram on tuesday . with his 40th birthday just around the corner , it seems david is embracing his age with style . from old-school stars surfing the silver quiff to salt-and-peppered hollywood hunks , men are getting more and more comfortable about embracing the distinguished look .
london school of hygiene and tropical medicine analysed medical records of nearly two million people for up to ten years and found that those who were overweight had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia compared to those with a healthy bmi . remarkably the obese -lrb- with a bmi of 30 plus -rrb- did even better ; they were 24 per cent less likely to develop dementia .
teenager from henan province in central china has been labelled ` too beautiful too look at ' . going by the name lee hee danae , she has a shocking 400,000 followers on her weibo account - a chinese social media platform - which states her birthday is may , 1999 .
henthorn was charged with the murder of his second wife , toni bertolet , 51 , last november . police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife , lynn rishell , 20 years earlier . the fbi told her about a secret $ 400,000 life insurance policy henthorn had taken out on her , too . she said she feared she might have been next .
milton vieira severiano , 32 , confessed he 'd carried out brutal act ` because he was jealous of men looking at her ' . cicera alves de sena , 29 , was killed by her husband after he yelled at her that she was ' a slut ' . he then dumps her on the ground before savagely punching her in the face 10 times .
nhs is spending millions on prescriptions for suncream and toothpaste . some patients are even being given hangover tablets and yakult yogurt drinks . critics said it was ` ludicrous ' that such items were being handed out . figures came on day britain ranked only 27th in the world for health and wellness .
sharista giles of sweetwater , tennessee , was driving home from a concert in december with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover . the 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby early , a little boy the family refers to as baby l .
a 4-foot-high , 100-pound sculpted bust of the infamous nsa whistle-blower now exiled in russia was sneaked into brooklyn 's fort greene park in the pre-dawn hours monday . snowden 's artistic appearance was short-lived .
education secretary nicky morgan revealed she has ordered officials to start ` mapping the pressures ' on the state schools system . comes less than six months after she told the head of of ofsted it was not ` helpful ' to warn that schools are struggling to cope with an ` influx ' of migrants .
the family of eight-year-old martin richard , the youngest victim to lose his life in the april 15 , 2013 attack , headed to boylston street to help officials unveil commemorative banners . they were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers , the marathon 's colors , to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured .
the fast-casual chain , which plans on having 2,000 stores by the end of the year , removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in january . chipotle , which dropped one of its pork vendors earlier this year , only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones .
brae carnes of victoria , british columbia , has photographed herself over the past few months as she applies makeup and even changes in men 's public restrooms . this to protest a proposed amendment to a canadian transgender rights bill that would allow owners to make their own decisions as to whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender .
luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody in the dining room of his home on mugga way , red hill , canberra in july 2012 . forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident .
nick cousins looked visibly upset and his filipino wife herminia garcia was shaking when they emerged from the court in the sai wai ho suburb of hong kong . the 53-year-old was arrested after her teenage daughter , blanca cousins , fell from the 19th floor of their luxury apartment on tuesday . mr cousins was also arrested on suspicion of ` ill treatment ' .
kevin dixon , 35 , took his friend 's akita-type dog for a walk to help her out . he then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal . the dog had a history of biting people and dixon decided to kill it . he was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering .
joshua vaughan , 17 , was last seen standing on a platform at chapeltown , sheffield . shortly before his death , his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on facebook . she had immediately phoned joshua , an apprentice at an insurance firm , and found that he was crying .
scott kemery , 44 , was rushed by helicopter to stony brook university hospital on long island with first and second degree burns after accidentally setting himself on fire on tuesday . police said that he started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the king kullen supermarket in eastport .
american civil war re-enactors dressed as union cavalry drill early in the morning at appomattox court house national historical park . today is the 150th anniversary of confederate general robert e. lee 's surrender of the army of northern virginia to union forces commanded by general ulysses s. grant .
kelly kreth , 44 , told dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind . six years and 600 prison letters later , kreth says she 's learned that a . sociopath is a person ` who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room ' .
kimberly waddell macemore , 25 , of wilkesboro , south carolina , was sentenced on tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison . she was ordered to perform 72 hours of community service , register as a convicted sex offender for the next 30 years .
cctv footage shows a man casually approach a range rover parked outside a home in woodford green , north london at 3.20 on sunday morning . just seconds later , he then manages to start up the engine and reverse the car away from the front of the house and drive it down the road .
ben grower signed off his email with : ` that 's why i 'll be voting ukip ' . he responded : ` as you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails as they will be put in my junk mail folder and automatically deleted ' .
` the diggers are dole bludgers ' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late january . the administrator of the page claims those in the armed forces are ` being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary ' . the anzac 's fought for freedom then the page exercises the right to freedom of speech .
a 70-year-old woman faces jail time for allegedly smuggling four pounds of cocaine in her girdle and underwear . olive fowler was caught by police at jfk airport on april 12 after taking a caribbean airlines flight from her hometown in guyana , south america , to new york . authorities said they spotted her ` sweating profusely ' and ` avoiding eye contact with officers ' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search .
the eye2tv can be plugged into any hdmi port on a tv or a computer monitor . a remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment . it allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise could n't . the team from the university of east anglia in norwich is seeking # 100,000 of funding to get their project of the ground .
the white female student , who has not been identified , was captured in a snapchat photo detailing several ` reasons why usc wifi blows ' on the board at the university in columbia , south carolina . her reasons included ` incompetent ' professors , ` ratchets ' , an ` overpopulated campus ' and parking . but at the top of the list was the word ` n ***** s ' .
jericho scott , 16 , became an internet star after being told he could n't pitch for his little league team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine . scott was killed while he sat in a white volkswagen with a 20-year-old friend , justin compress , who was shot in the shoulder , hand and wrist but is now in stable condition .
the latest casualty are boxes of cadbury 's fingers which will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on . they join creme eggs , pg tips teabags and even john west tuna in the ever-increasing list of goods getting smaller . even if maths is n't your cup of tea , it 's easy to see you 're now getting fewer tea bags per pack of blend of both .
rihanna cooper , 21 , from hull , became the youngest person in britain to be accepted for gender reassignment . part way through her treatment , the stress of her transition from male to female became too much and she called a halt to it . now , having realised she ca n't go on as a man again and having to pay for her treatment privately , rihanna is working as an escort to fund her dreams .
elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . mrs sedway suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - detailed her ordeal in a status update accompanying the short video .
charlie adam stunned the chelsea home crowd with a 66-yard strike . the scottish midfielder picked up the ball up deep into his own half . the shot , travelling at 45.1 mph , was hit such power that the back-pedaling courtois was unable to deflect the ball away despite getting his fingers to it .
the royal commission into institutional responses to child sex abuse in rockhampton has also heard a woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age . while a retired nurse , who was sent to the neerkol orphanage , said she was punched and slapped repeatedly , and a third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest reginald durham . ayl also recalled an incident where she was allegedly raped with a broom handle by employee kevin baker
the pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in denver international airport last year . the tsa received an anonymous tip in november last year that an employee had admitted to ` groping ' men who came through security . the female employee was questioned and admitted she had taken part in the assaults on unsuspecting passengers a total of 11 times .
the queen , then aged 86 , was filmed ` jumping out of a plane ' during the opening ceremony of the london 2012 olympics , no one was more surprised than her grandson , prince william . described her as an ` unbelievably good sport ' , he added : ` harry got a sniff of a rumour on the night and the rumour mill was going into overdrive ' .
kenatta leal , the first graduate of san quentin 's tech program , teaches prisoners who have never experienced the internet how to code and build a business for when they are paroled . leal was one of 15 prisoners who was selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with silicon valley entrepreneurs to develop their own business plan . mc hammer acted as one of his numerous mentors . each prisoner that applies to the scheme must complete an application process , as they would for a job
the morleys , from casuarina on the north coast of nsw , released a video to explain floyd 's condition to their friends and family . less than two years later , floyd is now a big brother to three-week-old twins . harrison stone morley and cleo ta morley were born at 37 weeks on march 20 , meaning the morley household now has three children under 20 months .
stephanie flanders made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ` secretly ' dating the labour leader when he first met his wife justine in 2004 . in a brief message on twitter she said : ` we dated fleetingly in 2004 ' . miss flanders , 46 , accused the media of ` raking over ' miliband 's past in the run-up to the election .
margaret hesketh went to royal albert edward infirmary in wigan on october 28 last year with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia . she was a smoker who suffered from lung disease and had a heart attack 12 years ago . doctors ruled out surgery to remove pressure sores because they feared she would not survive the operation .
justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california , and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online . but following interviews , his charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' , and his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20,000 .
andrea dossena has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting . the 33-year-old was arrested at the knightsbridge store on tuesday . he scored the winner against real madrid in the champions league . he also netted four days after that strike against manchester united in march 2009 .
the figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named nigel . joe twyman , yougov 's head of political research , said the idea was to look at whether a person 's first name had any bearing on how they voted . the three most likely to vote labour were michelle , june andy and the least likely were nigel , nick and jonathan .
michael slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston , south carolina , on saturday . his attorney andy savage told cbs that slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees . slager 's mother is expected to visit her son friday for the first time since the shooting .
actor ryan reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot . the 38-year-old was struck by a paparazzi driving a car through an underground parking garage . he has been in the city for weeks as he shoots scenes for his new film deadpool .
the cartoons by illustrator ryan chapman have all been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause . they include : ` tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer , ' and , ` more home pregnancy kits are sold in march than any other month . blame valentine 's day .
nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out . there 's even a word for it -- nomophobia , the fear of being without a working mobile . my favourite phone of all time was a sleek silver nokia 6310i from the early 2000s , which is still sitting in a drawer at home .
the harry potter star reached a quarter of a century yesterday . celebrated what must arguably be one of the recognisable a-lister names on the planet . now renowned for her effortless style and influential role in women 's right movements , emma has come a long way from her frizzy-haired days .
the rensselaer polytechnic institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial iraq war film . it said it will still show the oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film . however , they appear to have done just the opposite . following complaints from the rpi 's muslim students ' association a number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech
uriel miranda , 38 , and his 2-year-old daughter yaretsi miranda died saturday evening at a hospital . troopers say all 12 occupants were relatives from apopka and a police report indicated half of them were n't wearing seatbelts . the car was carrying 12 passengers , crashed when a left rear tire tread separated on the florida turnpike .
the 50-year-old was arrested on thursday and it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine . the outside of georgian bay general hospital in ontario , canada , where flynn worked as a nurse . the mother of two died at the hospital on march 2 , 2014 , leaving the couple 's two young sons aged 15 and 18 .
the program called cryptolocker infects through an e-mail and scrambles the data on the computer . it caused police systems to be down between four and five days . the only files that were not corrupted were 18 months old , so cops were left paying the ransom in the untraceable digital currency .
melbourne-based actor , lucy gransbury , wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night . she followed up by dropping a thank-you card and some gifts over the fence to the seven or eight men who lived there because she was ` too scared ' to knock on their door . after weeks of not hearing back from any of her boisterous neighbours , jershon witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his facebook page opening
tokyo 's narita airport has installed running tracks in its new terminal 3 . cushioned tracks designed to celebrate 2020 olympics , which will be held in tokyo . the blue path leads passengers toward departures , while arrivals can be reached by following the red pathway . to save money , the airport installed these cushioned running tracks .
the diminutive digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins . at just over a month old he was freezing cold and perilously close to death . fortunately , he was rescued by the rspca and taken to their southridge centre . he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff nero .
the uss independence is resting 800m underwater off california 's farallon islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible . there also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel , scientists with the national oceanic and atmospheric administration said on thursday .
brendan rodgers was ordered to pay # 400 and # 375 costs at blackburn magistrates ' court . the liverpool manager was fined for the condition of a house he rented out which was left in a state of disrepair for three years . the house is located in an area of accrington which is undergoing a # 13million regeneration project to sort out over 200 derelict empty properties .
the american band , whose name roughly translates as ` policy ' in polish , are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as ` barbaric ' . the video for the first single on the group 's most recent album depicts androgynous-looking singer channy leaneagh subjecting her alter ego to a violent assault .
henry howes was playing notoriously difficult claw game in tamworth , staffordshire . he put his hand inside the machine 's hatch but when he reached too far , he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside . luckily , his nine-year-old brother harvey witnessed the accident .
there are plenty of diy ` solutions ' - vodka , aspirin and pennies - to keep a bouquet fresh , most of these things can damage the delicate flowers . trim a half-inch of the lower stem so that water can be absorbed freely . use a sharp , unserrated knife and cut on a slant - exposing more surface area .
michael munday has taken to social media to post heartfelt notes dedicated to the love of his life , melissa , declaring that he needs the support of the public in order to win her back . but some users were not entirely convinced by mr munday 's plea for help , describing his messages as ` creepy and inappropriate ' .
dr unt tun maung , 43 , was working as locum gp when he assaulted patient . father-of-one , of chester-le-street , county durham , had spent 12 years working in the nhs . but has now lost everything because of a ` moment of madness ' .
sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders are more likely to be convicted . this is because genes that make up people who we are , and environments in which we are raised can not be considered independently of each other . the research analysed dna from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in sweden between 1973 and 2009 .
kim rose , 57 , is being investigated by police over claims he tried to ` corruptly influence ' voters by giving them sausage rolls . he is running for nigel farage 's party in southampton itchen . electoral commission rules state food and entertainment can not be provided by parliamentary candidates if provision is intended to influence votes .
kim visited the site of jesus christ 's crucifixion on monday . she took her family to jerusalem 's old city to baptise their daughter . and , clearly overwhelmed and honoured by the pilgrimage , kim took to instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the holy building .
greater manchester police tweeted a warning about wasting time after a holidaymaker walked into a station to complain about his trip . the 44-year-old from oldham decided had just returned from algeria . the incident was shared by the police press office on its facebook page , along with a warning that members of the public should not waste police time .
the airline 's parent company lufthansa organised special flights for victims ' families after the march 24 crash in the french alps . the halterner zeitung newspaper said she flew to the region twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher 's cousins . police are investigating the possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned .
jared quirk , 18 , was in athens with classmates from rockland , massachusetts . but fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends . quirk died a hospital in the greek capital after being taken there by ambulance . authorities have yet to announce a cause of death for quirk .
angela morales was diagnosed with anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull . but sonia and her husband rony decided to ` keep her no matter what ' . they were prepared that they may lose angela from the moment she was born .
an estimated 957,000 shoppers ordered apple watches on friday and this popularity surpassed expectations - even apple 's . in leaked memo from the firm 's angela ahrendts , the retail chief said that customers wo n't be able to buy an apple watch in store ` through the month of may ' . it was expected to launch on 24 april .
former education secretary said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit to reduce the deficit . asked on bbc 's newsnight if he could confirm that there would be ` no more changes to child benefits ' . said there is a huge amount of welfare spending that can be reduced without having any impact on people who have disabilities .
officials in buzim , north west bosnia , say home should be known as ` town of twins ' . local journalist nedzib vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife emira gave birth to twins during 1992-95 civil war . edita and elma pajalic are among the 200 sets of twins in the town .
tilly meowing in distress as he threw her against the door was played in swindon magistrates court . he claimed he was ` accidentally ' high on ` white rhino ' - super-strength cannabis - and was being egged on by friends when the abuse occurred . she was in such a sorry state when rspca inspectors found her that she had to be put to sleep .
up to 120,000 britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness . almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication.most operations are done privately , with patients paying up to # 5,000 to have both eyes corrected . last year , the consumer group which ? warned not all clinics are properly explaining the risks involved .
mohammed khubaib , originally from pakistan , befriended girls and then ` hooked ' them with alcohol - normally vodka - in an attempt to make them ` compliant ' to sexual advances . the 43-year-old married businessman would pursue his interest ` away from his home and family ' , using his restaurant as a ` focal point ' . he was remanded in custody and warned he faces a long spell behind bars when he is sentenced on may 15 .
the video depicts the 918 spyder clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead-straight stretch of road on the stuart highway , north of alice springs . the car was driven by new zealand professional race car driver craig baird , who switches the vehicle into ` race hybrid ' and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the unrestricted zone .
police will begin an autopsy on stephanie scott 's body to determine how she was killed . the 26-year-old leeton high school teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley . police will get in contact with their counterparts in the netherlands .
elephants are often seeing travelling single file using their trunk to hold onto another mammal 's tail in front of them . but one young elephant decided to go it alone , when it walked alongside its herd and even broke their chain . captured at whipsnade zoo , the video shows keepers assisting six elephants along a path -- five of which walk in single file .
the collection includes 63 photos of people of japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and dozens of arts and crafts they made . the auction was halted thanks , in part , to the efforts of takei , who lived in an internment camps in arkansas as a child .
sign has been fixed outside university building in portugal place . message contains grammatical errors , according to one expert . warns bikes will be ` removed or destroyed ' if left behind building previously used by greek orthodox church . but professor mary beard translated the latin part of the sign as meaning ` two wheels -lsb- cycles -rsb- left/abandoned here will be removed ' .
the 42-year-old 's slender frame was clearly visible and a sharply defined set of muscles on show . the royal was making an appearance at the woman awards held at madrid casino , also used the occasion to dbut a sharp new bob haircut . her low cut cocktail dress showed off every bone and muscle in her back .
tesco does still have the biggest share of the lucrative market , research by kantar shows . leader has improved market share in increasingly fashionable premium ale market . discounters have also increased wine sales by 24 per cent over last years . it 's another chapter in rise of discounters who are slowly stealing market share from the big three , tesco , sainsbury 's and asda .
schieffer announced tuesday at the texas journalism school named for him that he 'll be retiring this summer . it 's not his first retirement announcement but , at age 78 , looks like it has a good chance of sticking . schieffer also posted the news of his retirement to his twitter account wednesday night .
the clip shows nancy kanwisher , a professor at the massachusetts institute of technology , chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors just a few seconds into a lecture . a graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off , with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector .
all of the women are fully veiled , making it hard to identify individuals . standing on their parade ground , the radical women are shown shouting jihad slogans and attempting to use their ak 47 rifles . the video opens with the band of female jihadi marching along a sloped road in the syrian countryside .
grace rebecca mann , 20 , was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in fredericksburg , near the college campus , about 3pm . mann is believed to have been asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat , but police have not commented on the cause of death .
mohammed emwazi was planning to join al-shabaab in somalia . he changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group members . instead he travelled to syria where he joined islamic state and became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online .
newington college in stanmore in sydney 's inner west notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on monday ahead of a pending court case . headmaster david mulford notified parents of the alleged allegations . the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward .
mike and susan fortuna , of shelburne , sued last week , accusing allergan of failing to warn of dangers , negligence and breach of the vermont consumer fraud act . their lawyer said 7-year-old joshua drake developed epilepsy after getting botox injections for his leg spasms caused by cerebral palsy .
mackenzie moretter , who has a rare genetic disorder called sotos syndrome , has delayed her development , which makes it hard for her to socialize . she told her parents she wanted a ` big-girl party ' for her tenth birthday . this meant inviting friends , but after her parents sent invitations to her classmates and heard no response .
french photographer floriane de lassee captured the essence of what people do when they 're alone . in her photography project , inside views , she finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping . in some of her photos , including this one , she appears to radiate in the darkness of the run-down building beside her .
richard graham , who is fighting to retain the marginal seat of gloucester , faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the high court . the old etonian former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ` ingratiate himself ' with voters by whipping up local feeling .
the research , carried out in milan , backs up tests carried out by the charity medical detection dogs . its co-founder dr claire guest said the charity 's research found a 93 per cent reliability rate when detecting both prostate and bladder cancer . she hailed the new study as ` spectacular ' .
teresa swarbrick , known affectionately to her friends and family as etch , died on april 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near julian rocks off the coast of byron bay in nsw . the mother of two was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water . lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with cpr .
police battled to contain wave of violence in south africa last night . five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops . more than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed when trouble spread just a day after a rally against xenophobia in durban .
claims made by kgi securities analyst ming-chi kuo during a note to investors on tuesday . he said the next-generation iphone will feature force touch , recently added to the apple watch and new macbook . it recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures , but additionally tracks the pressure of a person 's click and responds accordingly .
rebecca sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in lakeland , florida in september 2013 . the following month , the polk county sheriff 's office said she likely killed herself following ` malicious harassment ' from two schoolmates , katelyn roman , 12 , and guadalupe shaw , 13 , were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking . authorities claimed they bullied rebecca online and sent her messages such as ` go kill yourself '
a pair of turkey-sized ` egg thief lizards ' dubbed romeo and juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock in the mid-90s . palaeontologists led by scott persons believe they can tell males and females apart from certain tail bones .
footage shows men kneeling in middle of dusty road in deir ez-zor , syria . it comes just one day after extremist group claim to have shot and beheaded more than 30 ethiopian christians in libya . each of the men are forced on to their hands and knees in the war-torn street before they are beheaded .
viewers at home were dazzled by miss wendy 's false mouth trick . rspca said it would be contacting britain 's got talent ` to ascertain what methods were used ' . it is believed the dog had a fake jaw and called his girlfriend lauren to tell her about it .
claudetteia love , a senior and one of the top students at carroll high in monroe , louisiana , said she was planning on going to the prom without a date . though a petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow love to wear a tuxedo .
noelle reno , who is the former fiancee of businessman scot young , has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death . she confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her fourth-floor flat window in london 's marylebone on to the railings below . in a move bound to spark further controversy she labels his death a ` suicide ' , pre-empting any coroner 's verdict .
people with rbd move around during the rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder -lrb- rbd -rrb- move around in their sleep and ` act out ' their dreams . up to 90 % of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition , a study found . ultimately , 81 to 90 per cent of patients with rbg with develop a neurodegenerative disorder , they found .
preston wright , 23 , killed his girlfriend , sarah owen , 21 , after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman , oklahoma . witnesses said owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage on 3417 madra street when the argument escalated .
the raiders were foiled by a brave worker who barricaded the door to the premises , and they proceeded to flee on a motorbike . a passer-by captured photographs of the two criminals . the attempted break-in took place in pemberton , a suburb of wigan in greater manchester , on saturday afternoon .
the city of naypyidaw is shrouded in secrecy after the government decided to move the capital from yangon . built mainly for government staff , locals only come to live in the city . the super-sized highways have up to 20 lanes and are built to be big enough for government suvs .
sidonie , a well-known spanish band from catalonia , created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent ryanair flight to santiago de compostela in northern spain . in the video , the band 's lead singer strums a ukulele as the group serenades passengers on board .
julie walters , 49 , jailed for two and a half years after posing as trusted officials to dupe elderly residents out of cash . she was caught by police after she was spotted on cctv loitering in communal hall of retirement property near to the old trafford football ground in manchester .
the a-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed . femail has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips you can employ to make the most of your figure . combine navy and black , but they 're shaking it up for spring by injecting another colour into their wardrobes .
hundreds of tourists had to be evacuated from warwick castle after a flaming cannonball set alight to a medieval thatched building . the huge display ended in catastrophe when sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby ancient boathouse . witness heather taylor , 42 , described the panic as the incident unfolded .
the air malta jet was tracked by flightradar24.com as it took off the island 's international airport as it embarked on the unusual flight . the plane took the happy couple 's family and friends on a short sight-seeing tour over the mediterranean . the flight path was to celebrate the marriage one of the airline 's pilot to a member of cabin crew .
todd phillips , 40 , was struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during sunday 's inaugural indy grand prix of louisiana . as the dale coyne racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he 's okay . amazingly , he only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches .
hotelfish numbers have moved tourism group stay in cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine and we need not be discouraged by the sight of these brainless , boneless creatures . the warmer months comes a surge in the number of jellyfish , such as this barrel variety at kynance cove , off the uk 's coastline .
puren was the youngest brother of the final qing monarch puyi . the 96-year-old died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia . he had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years . his abdication ended the rule of the qing dynasty , which began in 1644 .
kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the goring hotel in london , the luxury hotel she stayed in the night before her wedding to william in 2011 . at the party in march , kate wowed in a floral erdem dress and navy alexander mcqueen court shoes , the duchess chatted to guests including luxury travel agent claudia gordon .
brigham and women 's hospital announced monday that mikaela jane davidson was born april 4 . dr. terri halperin , daughters kate , 10 , live , 8 , and their 2-year-old son , graham , was shot by stephen pasceri , 55 , on the morning of january 20 and passed away late that day . the surgeon was targeted and fatally shot by gunman at a boston hospital on tuesday .
hamza parvez , 22 , still has n't found a wife and has been living with unmarried fighters . known as abu hamza al-britani , the loveless british pakistani fighter recently moved back to the islamic state de-facto capital city of raqqa in syria . he is now living in a house with a group of english speaking fighters , originally as far as belgium , finland and australia .
tens of millions of people in china marked the annual ` tomb sweeping festival ' this weekend by travelling home to ancestral villages . families across the country descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones , burning fake paper money and leaving their favourite food and drink to ensure they are not poor or hungry in the afterlife .
owen smith has expressed regret that the party can not ` get rid ' of the trident nuclear deterrent . around three quarters of labour candidates back scrapping trident . but the party has committed to maintaining the deterrent , which will need to be replaced in the coming years , in its election manifesto .
labour 's party has jumped to 35 % , up one point from last month . tories remain stuck on 33 % , according to pollsters ipsos mori . only a third of the public see the labour leader as a ` capable leader ' . 75 % think he favours some sections of society more than others .
hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 . the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming . it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that
the first president to visit jamaica in three decades , obama arrived in kingston yesterday evening and was met by prime minister portia simpson-miller . obama promptly embraced the local color by making an unscheduled late night visit to the museum dedicated to the island 's most famous son .
model chrissy teigen proudly showed off her stretch marks in instagram post . the 29-year-old wore to a charity event alongside her husband carey hart . she posted the picture of her thighs which had clear stretch marks . she received praise from many fans , such as instagram user .
the hmas choules has been employed by the navy to hand the vietnamese nationals back to their communist government in an operation which could cost $ 2.8 million of tax payers money . the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in april , and are being returned through the port of vung tau , south of ho chi minh city .
liam dawe , 21 , was born a healthy child but suffered serious and on-going health complications ever since he was assaulted as a four week old . he died at derriford hospital in plymouth , devon in march last year from ` intra-abdominal sepsis ' after developing cerebral palsy following the assault .
the onetime rising republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th u.s. circuit court of appeals . a three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on may 12 . mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in federal prison for public corruption .
anti-islam protesters clashed with anti-racism activists in federation sqaure . police were forced to separate the reclaim australia supporters and opponents of the group in melbourne . the protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal must pay fees to islamic organisations for inspection and certification .
remy dufrene , 3 , of raceland , louisiana , was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door . the old woman tried to chase after the young boy , but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch . his father searched for the boy 's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch .
the queen 's staff will take action for the first time in history over their ` ridiculously low ' wages . wardens at windsor castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties . union chiefs claim workers earn as little as # 14,700 despite working the ` country 's richest family ' .
pro-cannabis protestors gathered to get high and call for the drug to be legalised in london 's hyde park today . protesters were seen sitting on the grass openly smoking marijuana , comparing the size of their joints and listening to speakers . the 53-year-old was arrested and released on street bail .
more than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014 . britain 's failure to follow suit means that its overseas aid spending of 0.7 per cent of national income is double the average level of the other nations in the group known as the development assistance committee .
the 40-year-old 's son cooper blue and daughter kingsley rainbow were born on monday via a surrogate . a spokesperson for the couple added to the outlet that ` her parents , fashion icons ralph and ricky lauren , are overjoyed to welcome their first grandchildren and witness their daughter usher in the next generation ' .
tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of washington , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon . but at a track meet saturday in eugene , oregon , a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate . the gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum , opening the way for simon to speed towards the finish line , and beat him by a tenth of a second .
almost 6,000 migrants were rescued in the mediterranean over the weekend . traffickers took advantage of calmer seas to dispatch dozens of boats . around 160,000 made the journey last year , often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels . nine bodies recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of libya .
coachella fans who attend the california-based music festival typically go for good music and a good time -- but they may end up bringing home something much worse than a hangover and some sunburn . cosmopolitan.com reports that coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections , especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked .
google wallet confirmed to yahoo finance in a statement that its current policy changed - meaning the company will store the balances for users of the mobile transfer service . this is good news for people who place large amounts of money in their wallet balance because the federal deposit insurance corporation insures funds for banking institutions up to $ 250,000 . currently , google 's user agreement says funds are not protected by the fdic .
foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 % of the black population in 1980 . but they accounted for 8.7 % of that group in 2013 , according to pew research center . the majority of the 40 million us-born african americans trace their heritage to african ancestors brought to america as slaves .
the alex gibney-directed film , which alleges abusive practices at the religion 's us headquarters , was due to premiere in the uk earlier this month to coincide with its american release . but the fact that northern ireland is not subject to the 2013 defamation act means sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely . it mirrors the decision taken by british publishers transworld to cancel their release of lawrence wright 's going clear : scientology , hollywood and the
those living in the esher and walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year . they paid the most income tax in 2012/13 , with bills averaging # 16,900 , almost four times the national average of # 4,363 . the average annual income is # 59,600 - more than # 30,000 above the average gross annual salary .
soldiers of camp speicher were killed in cold blood by isis last summer . bodies were found at the late dictator 's presidential compound in tigris river . the deaths showed iraqis that islamic state fighters attacked ethnic and religious minorities as well as fellow sunni muslims opposing them .
jackson byrnes from northern new south wales has accumulated close to the target on hisgofundme page . three weeks ago he was told he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . after nine days of desperate campaigning through facebook and the crowd funding page gofundme , the casino teenager is just under $ 4,000 away from raising enough money to save his life .
afzal khan , 32 , is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms at a motor dealership he ran in the us . federal agents hunting the 32-year-old , originally from edinburgh , fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $ 20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest .
nicolas diaz allegedly intervened after his granddaughter , amber diaz , and her former partner , kevin rivera , 21 , got into a dispute at their home in brooklyn , new york , in the early hours of sunday . the recently separated couple , who have a baby daughter , aeralye , together , had just returned to the apartment after celebrating the infant 's first birthday .
the girl 's mother has blasted school authorities after officials refused to remove the boy from her daughter 's class , saying they have made the girl feel ` like she was in the wrong ' . she said she has now been forced to move her daughter , who can not be identified for legal reasons , to another school .
eight judges of the european court of human rights found russia was justified in deporting a 45-year-old man for breaking immigration laws even though he went to live there more than 20 years ago . robert muradeli had never committed a crime or any other offence more serious than traffic violations . strasbourg court said the russian authorities had not breached any human rights rules when they deported him in 2011 .
jennie anne kehlet , 49 , and raymond keith keith , 47 , were last seen on march 22 in an area called table top near the gold prospecting and mining town of sandstone . police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres , however a search aircraft has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far .
timothy norris-jones , 59 , left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches , a court heard . he was arrested after the victim 's carer returned home and called the police . judge noel lucas branded the attack ` horrific ' .
drugs charity re-solv has called on footballer raheem sterling to apologise . he was filmed apparently inhaling legal high ` hippy crack ' . video emerged just days after england regular , 20 , was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe . he is seen laughing and giggling friends in gas before passing out .
levar jones , 36 , who has no criminal record and was on his way home from his job at a subway caf , said the horror of his own shooting was brought home by the death of walter scott last week . he told daily mail online he wanted to see non-lethal methods introduced for police , new training in them . mr jones was confronted by a police officer opening fire at him as he followed instructions to produce his driver 's license and was hit in the stomach
kim copeland , 52 , was walking home from her local sainsbury 's store in coventry . she threw the used cigarette on the ground before two council officers came ` sprinting ' towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence . miss copeland was then issued with a # 50 fixed penalty notice following the incident in october last year , but refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated .
new york governor andrew cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as ` spice ' is sweeping the city . over 120 people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week . ` synthetic drugs are anything but harmless , and this rash of severe health emergencies across the state is direct proof , ' governor cuomo said .
more than half of uk children do n't have any veg , and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis . for more than two decades , i 've been in the business of helping children get their daily fill of fruit and veg . so i wanted to share some of my feeding wisdom to help encourage healthier , happier children .
campaigners , police chiefs and mps accused alison saunders of ignoring rights of victims and failing to clear stench of establishment cover-up . she fought back saying it is her job as head of crown prosecution service to make ` very difficult decisions ' . decision not to charge lord janner last week despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims was justified .
reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars can run for . sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable . reports were made by alistair barr in the wall street journal .
culture and media secretary sajid javid promises legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the uk as well as abroad . mr javid 's pledge is a victory for the daily mail 's long-running block online porn campaign .
russell brand has appealed to this fans to sign up to the mercy campaign to save condemned bali nine duo from facing death row . in true non-nonsense style , brand lables andrew chan and myuran sukumaran 's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of indonesia as ` daft ' . while the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as ` execution island ' in java , brand posted that the australians have already
the women 's race has been held since 1927 further up river at henley . but after years of campaigning for equal billing , they were finally given equality with the men . team 's performance was undoubtedly boosted by american olympic gold medallist and world champion caryn davies .
brittany cherokee dawn bell of bartlesville , oklahoma , appeared in court via video monitor from jail on monday . the charge of child neglect was pursued by authorities over homicide as the medical examiner 's office could not determine the cause of death . bell slept on the couch , baby alice somehow suffocated on the floor nearby .
dutch and canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else . about a fifth of the 1,000 meetings recorded took place over a meal . they felt friendlier , listened more , gave more compliments and were more likely to make compromises .
high-flyer and close ally of nick clegg is on course to lose seat to scottish nationalists . would be one of the highest-profile casualties of snp surge which is set to take seats of many of scotland 40 labour and 11 lib dem mps on may 7 . but one plan said to be under consideration by the party , is to keep the 42-year-old mp inverness mp as chief secretary to the treasury by giving him a lifetime sinec
francis pusok , 30 , is seen falling off the horse he was suspected of stealing after being pursued several miles by the san bernardino county officers . seconds later , two deputies catch up to pusok and stun him with their tasers . they then stun him again , and again , as lies splayed face-down on the ground , with his arms placed behind his back . as the camera keeps rolling , the officers apparently kick the suspect in the head and crotch , before other
churchill downs , which hosts the kentucky derby on may 1st and 2nd , has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees . prominent museums including the smithsonian and the national gallery of art in washington prohibit their use . some english premier league soccer teams make the devices off-limits .
spanish artist catalina viejo , 31 , paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots rather than using glossy magazine images . in total she has completed 42 tiny pictures , which are the size of a postage stamp and do n't feature any faces , and cost around $ 90 -lrb- # 60 -rrb- .
the hollywood legend , 71 , said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be ` no surprises ' . in an interview with the daily beast , the goodfellas star said she had paid her dues , adding : ` it 's that simple . and she 's a woman , which is very important because her take on things may be what we need right now ' .
the uk-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world . this was a ` sophisticated and carefully planned ' scam which had bases in north-east lincolnshire and sussex . neil gilbert was jailed for six years and catherine laverick was sentenced to three years and 10 months .
elena udrea , 41 , was investigated over claims during her time as tourism minister . she was indicted along with seven other people , including the country 's former economy minister ion ariton , who was charged with abuse of power . she is a close ally of former president traian basescu .
face wipes have been part of our beauty regime for years now . there are a new range of wipes now that promise to not only remove eyeliner and mascara . infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids , as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice .
the 48-year-old was lured to an upmarket street in london on the pretence of providing a quote for some building work . but when the imam arrived , the killer got into the rear seat of his volkswagen passat and shot him several times . the murder bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination .
britt mchenry , a washington d.c.-based sports reporter for espn , has been suspended from her position after an ugly and offensive rant she unleashed on a hapless tow truck company employee surfaced online this week . the 28-year-old , who hails from new jersey , had her car towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in arlington , virginia , and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at
the eyes of the nation were on the heir to the throne for the historic event on july 1 , 1969 , but behind the scenes , prime minister harold wilson was convinced terrorists campaigning for welsh independence would target charles . classified documents obtained by the mail on sunday under freedom of information laws show that the government sent metropolitan police officers to wales in the lead-up to the ceremony to join the fight against extremists . targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups movement for the
conservative headquarters in scotland have been sprayed with graffiti by ` nationalists ' . a swastika and the word ` scum ' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in aberdeen last night . a ` q ' was also added to the blue front door , which some people said stands for quisling .
the suspect , who has n't been named , was quickly apprehended but not before he had driven the best part of a mile , abandoned the car and attempted to flee on foot . birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of memphis street in wylam around 8:45 a.m. on sunday .
researchers from the international union of pure and applied chemistry have found a rare element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium . the metal currently sits in a separate block from the main table . if it is redraw , it means that chemistry students could have to relearn the order of how the elements appear .
the region tops the list of countries with the most threatened mammals . and madagascar is second , with 114 endangered mammals , while mexico sits in third with 101 . the firm used the world bank 's world development indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures . in brazil there are 82 endangered mammals .
richardson coleman , 29 , turned herself in to police saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder after running down 24-year-old beatrice ` dee ' spence and her uncle in her 2004 white dodge durango . ` she jumped up on the pavement , ' watson said .
in new york , there 's a tendency to use the word ` so ' for drama , such as ` i 'm so totally over this ' . florida residents can be heard using the phrase , ' i ai n't never had no trouble with none of 'em ' .
ryan skivington , 26 , admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs . he also admitted assaulting his former partner bobbi jo houston at her home . the nine-year-old girl witnessed him squeezing the life out of her window . he then threw them out of the window resulting in their demise .
monsour alshammari , 27 , is in the u.s. on a saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country 's royal family . he was picked up by immigration and customs enforcement on friday and a judge in provo signed an arrest warrant on monday to extradite him back to utah .
callum butler was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin . in the weeks and months that followed , he underwent heart surgery , a lumbar puncture , laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions . his mother amanda was later told an infection she had , called bacterial vaginosis , was to blame . the condition can also cause miscarriage .
madonna 's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan , the word ` dealer ' spelled out in bling diamond lettering . the bag appears to be a hermes kelly , who specialises in bejeweled luxury accessories . femail takes a look at the worst offenders in the luggage department .
rupert brooke 's poem the soldier made him famous outside of literary circles . before then , he became properly famous for the rest of his life -- which , as it turned out , lasted just over a fortnight . now lorna c. beckett has turned them into a chronological narrative .
the map was created using data from nasa 's tropical rainfall measuring mission satellite , and the orbview-1 / microlab satellite . in the map , the areas with the largest number of flashes - up to 150 per year per square kilometre -lrb- 0.4 square miles -rrb- are bright pink . the democratic republic of congo was found to have the most over the period . the data also shows interesting trends . according to the satellite observations , lightning occurs more often
the tropical queenslander home was snatched up by applied economics professor uwe dulleck . the two-storey property is a striking queenslander , aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features and weatherboard panelling . it is a tranquil settinhg surrounded by palms and vines and ornate rocks . the couple paid $ 116,000 less than irene and nicholas kassos who paid $ 500,000 just five months before the rudd 's did in 1994 .
sarah hulbert , of auburn , wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at bates college in lewiston . the 59-year-old worked for bates president a. clayton spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012 .
a hat-trick in the prestigious london press club awards is unprecedented for a quality , family newspaper . judges gave the award to the mail on sunday ahead of fellow nominees the sunday times and independent . they also praised our all-round quality that , week after week , sets the agenda and forces daily newspapers to chase our big exclusives .
kim rose , 57 , was alleged to have bribed voters in southampton by putting on a spread at a party event . but he was never arrested or charged , mr rose was questioned by police over an alleged criminal offence of ` treating ' . he has now criticised the ` absolutely ridiculous ' police investigation .
the youngster 's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on merrimac drive , langley park , as usual on sunday evening since it 's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment . when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning , it had reportedly disappeared . prince george 's county police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot .
paul moreland died in december 2010 after it happened without his father 's knowledge . cathleen hackney , 56 , is on trial at stoke-on-trent crown court . she is accused of deliberately ` pressed ahead ' with her plans . she allegedly told two different funeral directors to her son being cremated .
trinity culley , from fingringhoe , essex , used the knowledge she gained from watching the baby-birthing programme . when her mother dee culley 's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule , she sprang into action . within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister , jasmin elizabeth-rose , who arrived in the family 's front room weighing 7lb 1oz .
the caribbean island , north-east of cuba , was tops in tripadvisor 's travellers ' choice awards for 2015 . edging maui in hawaii and roatan in honduras was named the best island in the world . providenciales , which is home to about 20,000 people , consistently ranks as one of the world 's best islands or beach destinations .
khloe , 30 , has been showcasing blonder locks , a flawless face and honed physique in recent weeks . she recently revealed she 's lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime . khloe has been showing off her workouts - and her impressive strength - in a series of recent instagram posts .
the images were captured by the dawn probe from 28,000 miles -lrb- 45,000 km -rrb- away . show variations in surface materials , and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it . the latest images are the closest taken yet , and suggest that the icy body was likely once fully active . images taken using blue ,lrbb- 440 nanometers , green - -rryear- and infrared .
alexandra allen , 17 , from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria . showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation . symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure , reports deseret news .
three afghan prisoners accused of murder waited for their deaths at the hands of merciless taliban fighters . in disturbing images taken at the execution site , the three men are sat with their backs turned away from the gunmen . the unidentified prisoners were pushed onto the beige landscape , where they were forced to sit on the ground with their hands clasped behind their backs .
a family of ducks followed staff back to their office in sutton coldfield , west midlands . they ushered them out of a back door to safety and then disappeared into a park . the ducks followed them back for a visit and stayed for about an hour . but they did n't bargain for the ducks following them back to the office .
jason mcdonald , 34 , from aurora , colorado , walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more than 50 hungry alligators . some which measure up to ten feet in length - at the colorado gator farm . crematory manager mr mcdonald has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes .
officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in telangana after cases of h5n1 virus were identified . virus caused deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry . since then , india has regularly reported cases of highly pathogenic avian influenza in wild and domestic birds .
tony hatch and jackie trent , who were married for more than three decades , were dubbed ` mr and mrs music ' after composing for artists including frank sinatra , dean martin , scott walker , shirley bassey and petula clark . when trent died last month aged 74 after a long battle with cancer , hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye .
farryn johnson has said the baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights . johnson claimed in an interview with wbal , ' i decided to put highlights in my hair , blonde in particular . and when i came in to work , management was not happy about the highlights being added to my hair ' .
the primate was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens . the white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east tibet after researchers set up camera traps . it has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area .
researchers around the world are bracing themselves for the results of a study by scientists in china . the scientific world is abuzz with rumours that the work has been carried out . many scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea , for fear it could be misused to allow parents to ` select ' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren .
the technology paves the way for london 's commuters to chat and text inside the capital 's 150 tube stations where wi-fi connections are currently available . the technology could soon be drowned in the sound of commuters chatting on their phones . iphone users on ee will find their calls and texts automatically connect through the internet when they have no service signal .
jessica kensky and patrick downes have joined the appeals calling for dzhokar tsarnaev to be sentenced to life in prison without parole . the couple lost a leg each in the blast in wheelchairs on the one-year anniversary of the april 15 , 2013 attack .
ruben costa , 35 , pleaded guilty to impersonating a police officer to ` deviously ' track down his wife and child at a women 's refuge . the incident occurred when the northern territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him , taking their son and possessions . costa was unable to contact his wife but assumed she had left in a taxi , lied about his identity in a conversation with the taxi company to hunt down his spouse .
officer jared forsyth , 33 , had been a member of the ocala police department since 2012 . few details have been released , with police saying it is still under investigation , however the incident occurred about 3.30 pm at a gun range at the lowell correctional institution . ` he was wearing his bulletproof vest , but the round entered in his arm and went through his chest , ' police chief greg graham said .
avril lavigne started visiting specialists , but no one could help her out . the 30-year-old singer was suffering from lyme disease , which yolanda foster of the real housewives of beverly hills and eighties pop icon debbie gibson also have . she was bedridden for five months because she was trying to recover from the disease .
the newly-opened maison souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in paris . located steps from the famed moulin rouge theatre , the hotel is situated in the once tawdy , but now trendy pigalle district . the five-star hotel is described as the point where culture and ` edginess ' .
german discounter has won an increasing share of the market since the recession . now lags behind only the ` big four ' -- tesco , asda , sainsbury 's , morrisons and co-operative . major supermarkets have slashed prices in recent months to fend off competition from cut-price rivals such as aldi and lidl .
chrissy teigen posted a picture of her legs to instagram . she said : ` bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week ' . since then hundreds of other women have rushed to join the wife of john legend . chrissy 's image has given a major boost to the campaign .
scottish government 's health promotions agency says action needed to tackle ` hazardous alcohol consumption in young people ' . move would apply in pubs , clubs , supermarkets and off-licences in scotland . if introduced it would mean the legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in britain , where it is 18 .
gabrielle yinka saunders , 32 , used company credit cards to pay for her wedding . she was arrested at heathrow when she returned from the honeymoon . but now she has been spared jail even though a court heard she had been convicted of fraud twice before her latest offence .
natalia moon , 23 , moved to the philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in australia . she became fluent in the local language , tagalog , in the hope of becoming a star . the risk paid off as the 23-year-old landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid , also named natalia .
the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry embraced the sports luxe trend as she navigated the concrete jungle with a friend . she showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress , which she wore with on-trend over-the-knee boots . shielding her eyes from the springtime sun with tortoiseshell sunglasses and carried a brown quilted studded leather bag by rebecca minkoff .
melbourne high school principal tim hogan admitted ` class a ' recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain . the bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months from december 17 2013 until april 1 2015 . the water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption .
michelle manhart , 38 , was handcuffed by police at valdosta state university , georgia , and driven off in a patrol car after grabbing the stars and stripes and refusing to return it to the student demonstrators . video footage of the event shows manhart struggling with officers , who force her to the ground after she refuses to let the flag go .
lawyers hired by drug rehab network narcocon have argued that trout run , a property in frederick county , maryland , has historic significance because president herbert hoover once caught a fish at the site . opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land .
the two-storey fantasy caf is located in downtown hangzhou , the provincial capital of zhejiang province . the decision has proved popular among customers , who are mainly students and white collar workers . the caf opened in july last year and offers various western drinks and snacks , such as latte and tiramisu coffee .
lib dem leader promises to ` spread the burden ' of deficit reduction . cuts to welfare and whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at wealthy . but scaled back plans for mansion tax amid concern it could cost party support . mr clegg set out plans for # 5billion in new tax rises , # 7billion raised from crackdown on tax avoidance , # 12bn in public spending reductions .
marc macrae , who was election agent for the snp 's westminster leader , said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber but ostracised him . mr robertson , who is co-ordinating the nationalists ' general election campaign , has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone .
kingston road in stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of benefits street . follows the lives of a handful of benefits claimants and last year split public opinion with many accusing producers of promoting ` poverty tourism ' . residents have slammed the face lift saying the estate will look ` completely different ' to anyone who visits after watching the show .
robert kirkland , who founded the home decor store that bears his last name , died on saturday morning in union city , tennessee , from complications stemming from kidney failure . his son chris said : ` he was a man who loved learning and was always curious about how things worked ' .
tabitha anne bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses . she is accused of sending a facebook message to the older girl on april 12 and telling her that she was going to bring her daughter to fight the girl , according to an affidavit .
the mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over portland rock , an island off the coast of weymouth , dorset . the group included renowned professional trial bike riders jack gear , 25 , and joe seddon , 19 , who were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below .
robyn exton , 28 , has launched a dating app for lesbian , bisexual and curious women . in a new channel 4 documentary , how to be a young billionaire , robyn admits : ' i want to raise a million dollars ' . she came out to her friends and family as bisexual in her 20s but struggled to find a girlfriend .
the louisiana state university students were found with nearly 2,000 beers , ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine on the i-10 in mobile county . harrison coogan , and hunter coker , both 18 , and 19-year-olds carson buckner and brandon barber , told sheriff 's deputies they were heading to spring break celebrations in gulf shores .
mikenzy snell and matt pliska , who has down syndrome , have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo . the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' .
jenna louise driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality . the 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him . police had issued a warrant for her arrest after she failed to appear in court on seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs .
the melbourne man 's father , dada jama , confirmed his death to sbs radio while tributes flooded social media . somali broadcaster ibrahim mohamed said he had spoken with the family on wednesday who told him sharky had died after being shot . he received a phone call from syria , someone has told him his son has passed away .
marie csaszar died last september following a ten-year battle with a brain tumour . she had worked for seven years at the bbc 's financial centre in cardiff . her widower has had a request for her work emails , which he believes will show she was being bullied by bosses . legal experts described the case as ` highly unusual ' , but predicted it could be followed by similar claims as digital documents play an increasingly important part in people 's lives .
glenn ford , 65 , was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer after his release last year , was too weak to stand when marty stroud walked into his louisiana home . stroud said during the somber meeting , which was filmed by nightline . ` it still cost me 31 years of my life and then nothing at the end but death because they give me from six to eight months to live ' .
police found a body at cocoparra national park in the riverina region of nsw on friday night . they believe to be the 26-year-old who went missing just days before she was due to marry her fianc and partner of five years . as the leeton high school teacher 's loved ones gathered for a memorial picnic on saturday , the day they had planned to watch her walk down the aisle to marry aaron leeson-woolley , her sister k
iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920 , well-known fantasy , sci-fi and action film directors . the country 's many stunning waterfalls and breathtaking glaciers translate beautifully to the silver screen . there are certain filming locations that consistently rank a cut above and are drawing fans of productions such as game of thrones , interstellar or prometheus .
tulip siddiq was at the kremlin with her aunt , the hardline leader of bangladesh who is accused of human rights abuses . the tories last night accused her of trying to conceal her extraordinary links to putin and sheikh hasina . they claimed she appeared to have gone to great lengths to cover up her trip in january 2013 .
paul harris , 47 , was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice . north yorkshire police said the 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation . miss lawrence was 35 when she disappeared in march 2009 .
rona fairhead , 53 , is facing calls to step down immediately as a director of hsbc over her links to the bank 's tax scandal . she has been under mounting pressure to quit both of her lucrative positions . last month she was criticised by mps as ` incredibly incompetent ' for her failure to pick up on the scandal .
the calculated move by assange to expose thousands of indiscreet and personal correspondences will likely spell fresh embarrassment for the embattled company . the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal . they expose not just the unguarded opinions of sony executives , but also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents .
paul allen , the microsoft co-founder this week unveiled ` vulcan aerospace ' . this includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft -lrb- 117 metres -rrb- . the plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude , avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from earth .
chris sussman , executive editor for comedy , revealed particular jokes have to go through ` quite a lot of layers ' to be approved . some jokes even have to be looked over by director general lord hall - alongside editorial policy advisers , the channel and legal advisers . the cautious attitude comes after a ` difficult few years ' .
grant allen , 38 , of harlow , essex , swindled cash through mortgage fraud . bought holiday home on costa del sol , spain , using criminally gained money . stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing # 30,000 between 2006 and 2010 . allen splurged # 8,700 on holiday to florida in 2009 when he took girlfriend and children to disney world .
jason cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with messages over the internet . the terrified woman said her life became a living ` hell ' when he bombarded her with abusive messages . the mother , who was jailed last week , sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter . ` it got so bad i considered suicide , ' the mother said .
daisy , 26 , is the ultimate rock chick as she rocks leather and heavy eye make-up . she was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her ` modern , cool and quintessentially british edge ' . femail caught up with the young star to discover her style and beauty secrets .
the mudgeeraba caravan village is home to more than 100 people , and has been the site of a fatal house fire , stabbings , brawls , and continual violence . queensland police patrol the site daily due the extreme level of incidents , and ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park .
the todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess anne home . the six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the ella fitzgerald auditorium at the university of maryland eastern shore on saturday to pay their respect to the family .
princess beatrice was spotted at the bahrain grand prix last november . the 26-year-old was in the gulf state , ruled by a controversial king . she was introduced to the recently abdicated king carlos of spain and curtseyed . it is thought legendary formula 1 racing driver sir jackie stewart and comedian rory bremner were among those in the tower .
the fanuc cr-35ia claims to be the first ` heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot ' to work with human workers without the need for safety fences . the robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs -lrb- 35kg -rrb- and could be used in a number of industries , from warehouses to production lines .
kelly osbourne wrote a letter to her mom , sharon osbourne , saying she 's happy to have grown up to be like her famous mom . the tv personality admitted that she is now proud to be sharon 's daughter . melissa rivers , shania twain , will.i.am , christy turlington burns , and kristin chenoweth all composed messages of love and gratitude to the women who raised them .
marcia eisenhour found that former justice court judge craig storey violated her right to equal protection . the jury found storey liable for some $ 240,000 of the damages and the county liable for the rest . storey testified that he never intended for her to find or read the poem .
victorino chua wrote ` bitter nurse confession ' in which he spelled out ` how an angel can turn to an evil person ' . in 13 pages of rambling , broken english , the filipino nurse said he might ` explode ' at any time , adding : ` if i will be pushed , they gon na be sorry ' .
indianara carvalho , 23 , accompanied the racy photo with the phrase : ` good friday . lord , on this day i ask for peace , love , wisdom and strength ' . the image attracted more than 750 ` likes ' , as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers over its sacrilegious nature .
lee thompson is an award-winning photojournalist covering the civil war in libya . he co-founded the flash pack , a small group flashpacking tour company . but even he marvels at what the men and women of southeast asia can balance and transport on just a scooter or a beaten up old motorcycle .
claudia martins , 33 , wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a ` momentary abnormality of mental functioning ' . she was suffering from a condition known as a ` pathological denial of pregnancy ' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl . until that point she had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child in bath before killing her .
gloria ross , 84 , was found with a distorted face when she was visited by her grandson wayne wilkins , 25 . but when he asked nurses at whipps cross hospital , north east london , for help , they said mrs ross was ` just tired ' . she never regained full consciousness and died two weeks later .
the winning punter , who comes from mittagong in southern new south wales , discovered his good fortune on tuesday evening . the man , who chose not to be named , said he and his wife had been ` struggling ' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result .
earl olander , 90 , was found covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked . neighbors have spoken of him as a ` stand-up person ' and a wonderful role model . police have now offered a $ 1,000 reward for information which could lead to an arrest .
the kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker asadullah . even though a rape led to her pregnancy , gulnaz 's brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her ` shamed ' family as she was unmarried . now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry her rapist so that her first daughter could live a shame-free life in the afghan capital 's
gang roamed through parked vehicles kicking off wing mirrors , destroying headlights and smashing windscreens with a large cinder block . owner freddy ali discovered carnage when he returned to work at the la marina auto sales , in dearborn heights , michigan , after the easter break .
kurt ludwigsen , 43 , is accused of kissing , harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at nyack college . he is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another 's sexual parts , 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse .
vijaya gadde said twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse because it had to do better . she made announcement on the day a study found that 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on twitter . anti-bullying campaigners have also long complained that twitter is a sanctuary for trolls who post hateful abuse behind the veil of anonymity .
the canberra based department of foreign affairs and trade workers were given an ` announcement ' on a big tv screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to melbourne . dfat has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt . the message was displayed for five hours before one of the centre 's supervisors told workers that it was an april fools ' day prank .
former playboy model annette edwards holds her world record continental giant rabbit darius aloft . five-year-old darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st -- the king of the continental giant breed . she has held the record for the world 's biggest rabbit , with different animals , since 2008 .
st. charles parish sheriff greg champagne says cpl. burt hazeltine was directing school buses on us 90 near louisiana street in the town of paradis , just west of new orleans . a male suspect , later identified as former transportation safety administration worker 56-year-old paul devillier , was arrested a short time later after a brief ` tussle ' with officers . hazeltina was shot three times in the face , elbow and eye thursday
fiona cullum provided a safe haven for hassan hussain and yassin james . the 25-year-old was hunted by police for gunning down sabrina moss . the men sprayed bullets at mother-of-one miss moss and her friends . miss moss ' friend sabrina gachette was lucky to survive after being blasted in the back with a sawn-off shotgun .
megan huntsman , 40 , is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to killing the six newborns , then stashing their bodies in the garage of her home in pleasant grove , utah . a judge today handed huntsman six sentences of five years to life - but family members rallied round her even as her ` cold and calculated ' crimes were recounted to the court .
zeus , a german shepherd , was honored in a grand procession in connecticut on wednesday before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health . the tribute for the police dog , who worked with the ridgefield police department for eight years as a k-9 officer , began around 4.45 pm and ended at the hospital .
hundreds of mourners gathered at hayley okines ' funeral in sidley , bexhill-on-sea , east sussex . there are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the uk . it causes people to age eight times faster than usual rate . her tiny turquoise coffin is carried out of the church . prince said he had been ` deeply impressed by her incredible spirit ' .
` sound waves of the forks vibrate and travel deeply into body along energy pathways , affecting human physiology and reaching places not easily accessed ' . uk beauty industry employs more a million people and is worth # 17 bn . it sounds nutty - the kind of thing practised by people who like panpipes and hemp seeds .
shadow chancellor said he would not make ` unfunded and uncosted commitments ' after promising to cut the deficit every year . comes after david cameron pledged to give the nhs whatever it needed . but refused to say how he will find the money . but asked if he would give nhs the # 8billion a year budget boost demanded by its chief executive simon stevens .
the two planes begin their descent simultaneously at san francisco airport . as well as the two measuring their approach almost identically , the wheels touch the tarmac simultaneously . the two planes come through the clouds to begin their similar descent to the ground . it is the landings of passenger planes on the caribbean island of saint martin .
godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say . producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise . in particular , the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment . he also tweeted : ` i 've never actually seen #starwars but the fact that the bad guy was all black and ate watermelons was unbelievably racist even for the 70 's ' .
negret raunigk , 65 , already has 13 children , and her remarkable story will be featured in a tv documentary . her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs . she will create medical history when she becomes the oldest mother of four in a single birth in the world .
 pest control company mortein has copped a spray after making the ` tasteless decision ' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher stephanie scott . the post was accompanied by the caption : ` even a nasty bug like me can sense it 's been a sad week for our great country.i 'm putting my vest out to support # putyourdressout .
matt stopera misplaced his cellphone in new york city and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his photostream . the phone had made its way half way around the world to southeastern china and into the hands of li hongjun .
a stunning fireball that crackled across the sky near the russian-finnish border last year shared its orbit with a huge asteroid found in october . this is according to a new study which claims the kola fireball had a ` disturbingly similar ' path to asteroid 2014 ur116 , which is due to pass by the moon in 2017 . spotted on april 19 last year , researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments .
developers in los angeles have designed a case that adds the iconic arrows , plus the a and b buttons from the nintendo game boy to an iphone . it was originally devised as part of an april fool 's joke , but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell it .
davion navar henry only , 16 , had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars . three years after his emotional plea at st mark missionary baptist church in st petersburg he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker .
malijah grant was shot in the head thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala at an intersection in kent , washington . her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside , and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off . authorities have said they do n't believe the shooting was random , though neither parent was injured , notes q13fox.com .
the unidentified woman was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage . she walked to the kosciuszko bridge from the brooklyn side shortly before noon on monday , climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet . at about 2pm the woman agreed to be rescued and new york police department officers pulled her to safety over the railing .
deputy pm said control of department for education would be key demand . he said he wanted to avoid repeat of battling against ` ideological gimmicks ' . mr gove was demoted from running the ministry in last year 's cabinet reshuffle . but senior lib dems believe party should have demanded one of key departments running public services like health or education .
kelly nash , 25 , was last seen alive in the early hours of january 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing . by the time sexton got up at 7.30 am , the man was gone . he left the house without his wallet , id card or keys to his truck . following an exhaustive search , he was found drowned in a lake a month later .
people of new york photographer shared this image of a ny resident whose name is beyonc . in a post that has now gone viral on facebook , beyonce says : ` sometimes i hate my name because it always draws attention to me , and i 'm not a very social person ' .
yaakov naumi , 32 , was raised in the israeli town of bnei brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school . he admitted that some of the rituals , when viewed with the eyes of an outsider , ` look strange ' . a strictly orthodox rabbi dances the ` mitzvah tantz ' at the wedding of his grand-daughter .
the white house said today that bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the japanese prime minister . the first lady said in a statement she was ` lucky to have such a talented individual on my team ' . ` jeremy will be missed , and barack and i wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors ' .
childlessness rates have reached record highs for both teenagers and women in their twenties , the u.s. census bureau has revealed . 95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014 , according to the findings . in 2012 , 71.4 percent did not have children .
chris roberts was yanked off his plane after it landed in syracuse , new york . fbi agents took electronic devices and computer files from the wold . they asked to forensically image his laptop and thumb drives , fox news reports . he was coming to town to speak at aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems .
cle ` bone ' sloan , 45 , was crushed beneath the wheels of knight 's pickup truck outside a burger stand in january , leaving him with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head , knees and shoulder . but he claimed from the witness stand of the los angeles superior court on monday that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation , in which his companion terry carter , 55 , was killed . suge is accused of murdering carter and trying to murder sl
women apply for jobs through recruitment agencies remain coy about asking for a decent wage package . this widens to up to # 10,000 less in more senior industries such as accountancy . on average , women ask for almost a fifth less than men , rising to nearly a third less in some financial sectors .
stephen dodd tweeted picture of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying . he said : ` muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #disgrace ' . the tweet was reported to police , who investigated but decided no criminal offence had taken place .
jean-marie le pen angered his daughter when he said nazi gas chambers were ' a detail of history ' . the 87-year-old has now said his marine - the leader of the front nationale - ` may want him dead ' but in response to suggestions he should step down from his position .
from cakes to curries , freezing brings out more of their flavour . if you think nothing beats the gooey deliciousness of a home-made cake fresh from the oven , think again . resist temptation to cut that first slice straight away and , put your cake into the freezer . after being frozen for 24 hours , the sponge will be bouncier than ever .
at the top of a tough hiking trail in hawaii , known as stairway to heaven , one bride-to-be was taken by surprise . at the top , the groom 's brother across the valley was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the gallant groom-of-be . among the thousands of pictures are the couples ' touching proposal stories .
timothy eli thompson was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities , a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening . facebook reversed its decision after public protest , according to yahoo parenting . a post about the removal of the photo by eli 's mother brandi mcglathery was shared 30,000 times in six hours .
aden lum was gunned down in bremerton , washington , on march 28 . heather kelso , who was sharing a room with the youngster 's mother , jalisa , was also killed while a neighbor visiting at the time was shot in the abdomen . just two weeks on from the horrific incident , the kitsap sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page .
 messenger is currently 18 miles above mercury after nasa engineers used the last of its fuel in a last ditch effort to push the spacecraft higher into orbit . among the images sent back by messenger as its mission draws to an end is this picture of 2km high cliffs cutting through the carnegie crater . they are thought to have formed as mercury has cooled and contracted .
carolyn thorpe , 62 , was enjoying a cup of coffee outside a cafe in hiers-brouage , a seaside town in south-west france when the 20-foot tree toppled and crushed her to death in 2007 . her daughter sarah wright was also injured by the american ash tree , which was planted 200 years ago to mark the birth of napoleon i 's first son .
edwin ` jock ' mee , 27 , allegedly invited the young woman in for an appointment to discuss her application to join the army . she claims she became pregnant before suffering a life threatening ectopic pregnancy . the divorced father-of-five denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three rapes and one count of assault by penetration .
jake boys , 19 , surprised his girlfriend emily canham , 18 , by telling her they would see niall horan , liam payne , harry styles and louis tomlinson in concert . but the delight of miss canham soon turned to dismay upon learning that her boyfriend had bought plane tickets to dublin for the millennium stadium gig .
lawrence tynes is seeking $ 20million in lost future earnings and $ 15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail . the lawsuit was announced on monday and alleges that the buccaneers ` failed to disclose and actively concealed ongoing incidents of the infection among other individuals ' .
sir david nicholson said it was crucial all the main political parties backed the nhs 's five-year plan , which calls for a 7 per cent boost to the health budget by 2020 . david cameron and nick clegg have pledged to find the cash -- but ed miliband has refused .
a united airlines regional jet carried her back to the east coast on thursday from the omaha , nebraska airport . her flight was bound for newark , new jersey , the major airport most convenient to her spacious chappaqua , new york home . clinton had just finished a three-day presidential campaign swing in council bluffs , iowa . that 's just a few miles away , and home to a cafe where she held a top-secret meeting with democratic party insiders who were
dr ram manohar , 38 , of barnston , wirral , has denied four counts of sexual assault . he is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses in 2013 . he offered to help nurse a with her training on december 23 , 2013 . she said he moved his hand around but she had not asked for a demonstration .
brimbank crime investigation unit detectives in victoria are investigating the armed robbery at a service station in watervale on monday . the cross-dressing robber entered the service station just before 7.30 pm . he walked to a drink fridge and after browsing what was on sale he went to the counter where he confronted a female staff member .
the rev richard coles , 52 , is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the bbc church sitcom rev. and while he might now feel free to attack others for seeking the right to buy their own home . he raised eyebrows by last year publishing a frank memoir which detailed not only his rise to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band the communards .
the ` hidden valley ' in gale crater on mars . very fine-grained sediments , which slowly fell down through the water , were deposited right at the bottom of the crater lake . the sediment plates at the . bottom are level , so everything indicates that the entire gale . crater may have been a large lake .
leo bernal , 8 , was released from the hospital friday , five days after he was shot in the head by an armed home intruder . his head was partially shaved and marred by two long , stapled incisions . doctors had to open the child 's skull to extract the bullet , leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples .
a team at duke-nus graduate medical school in singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension . of these , 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week , the american journal of hypertension reported . findings showed that pre- hypertension was much more prevalent in men than women .
facinet keita , 31 , fled the olympic village in summer 2012 , claiming his failure to win a medal meant he ` would be murdered ' if he returned to guinea . his wife who was left to look after the couple 's two children has now split from him because she ` could n't wait for him ' .
randy linn , now in a california federal prison where he 's two years into his 20-year sentence , said that he ca n't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship . federal prosecutors said linn drove about two hours from his home in st. joe , indiana , to suburban toledo on september 30 , 2012 , and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire .
kevin morton , 49 , gave his son kye backhouse an extremely strong painkiller . he complained of feeling unwell before his father gave him a tablet . he could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter over kye 's death . morton was arrested after admitting he had given his son morphine .
the jane doe was found in a wooded area in volusia county on april 23 , 1990 . investigators believe her badly decomposed remains , which consisted mostly just bones , had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered . the death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open .
the gold moto 360 is available to pre-order online from o2 . any customers making orders before 10pm bst on 20 april will receive the watch . it will then go on general sale online and exclusively from the uk on 23 april . motorola 's gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs # 50 more . it was one of the first smartwatches to use a rounded display and rumours suggest motorola is working on a second-generation model .
boxer amir khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on snapchat while driving his car in the fremont area of california . the lightweight posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel in the city of fremont close to san francisco . police are yet to say if they will look into the snaps .
dominika petrinova , from the czech republic , was furious after her boyfriend erik meldik 's prank , which went viral . the 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog sam had accidentally been put in the wash before he revealed the ` joke ' .
duli hembrom wrote to the principal of milan mithi uchha vidyalaya after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding . she wrote : ' i do not want to get married , i took an oath at the time of admission that i will not get married before i turn 18 ' .
at over 50 locations around the us and canada , the kimpton hotel chain offers a special service for those feeling lonely while travelling . called the ` guppy love ' program , staff will put a goldfish in any guest 's room for the duration of their stay . at some point during each couple 's stay , couples start a romantic afternoon picnic in paradise off in a very unusual way .
host nick hewer faced a conundrum of his own as he tried to stifle his giggles as a blushing ms riley spelt out the word ` erection ' . hewer , who first found fame as lord sugar 's sidekick in the apprentice , was clearly trying not to laugh when dubliner gerry tynan and anne lewin , from brighton .
the legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day . in the coalition agreement , the tories and lib dems pledged to roll back labour 's ` state intrusion ' , promising a bonfire of pointless powers . but research shows the government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month .
dawn was breaking as we pulled out of calvi station , and the town 's medieval citadel , perched on a headland . trundling along the coast on the narrow-gauge railway , i was heading deep into the mountains of central corsica for a self-guided walking trip .
xavier morales , 48 , is not allowed to enter the office after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters . the female agent alleged that she was attending a party with her boss , in a washington , d.c. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her . after the two employees returned to the office from the party , morales tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted , according to two people briefed on her statement
a pain and gain report released by corelogic for the december quarter has revealed that home resales recorded a gross loss were at an all time low with more properties making a decent profit . when being compared to their prior purchase price , only 8.6 percent had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price . the total value of these profit making resales was over $ 17 billion , three and a half times more than the total
the teenage victim , cortez berry , was serving time at the burruss correctional training center in forsyth , georgia , for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery . the disturbing image was uploaded to facebook friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail . it shows the 18-year-old berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men , one of whom is holding the leash .
almost half of headteachers have vacancies in english , maths and science departments . they are struggling to fill core teaching positions , with posts attracting only one or two applicants . school leaders warn ` bleak ' situation is likely to worsen due to rise in pupil numbers and ` greater competition ' for graduates among employers .
hizb ut-tahrir -lrb- ht -rrb- has reportedly attacked civil activists in aleppo . several british men linked to isis , including mohammed ` jihadi john ' emwazi , are known to have been in contact with the group .
the boeing 777-300er first diverted to chhatrapati shivaji international airport to refuel about eight hours into its flight from southern china . after topping up it departed for bole international airport in the ethiopian capital , but was forced to return after the flight crew declared an emergency shortly after take-off .
footage shows the moment an unusual ` apocalyptic ' dust storm struck belarus , turning day to night , and china has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year . some experts have said climate change bringing excessive heat can make some areas more susceptible to dust storms over the decades has always been variable .
attorney general eric holder sent a memo friday to doj employees reminding them not to solicit prostitutes . the memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general 's report found the drug enforcement administration had mishandled allegations that several of its agents went to sex parties with prostitutes . holder said the department 's prohibition on soliciting prostitutes applies even when employees are off duty or in foreign countries where prostitution may be legal .
clegg will pledge to protect entire education budget in next parliament . unlike tory and labour plans , spending would rise per pupil . also in line with inflation from 2018-19 , and in line for inflation . mr clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks .
the typed dispatch was sent by german president karl doenitz on may 8 , 1945 . told officers to abandon fighting or face the wrath of the allies . it was seized from luftwaffe chief robert von greim when he was arrested . doenler had been hitler 's choice to replace him as leader of the nazis . but a week later , amid a crumbling and defeated reich , doenenitz met with allied commanders to sign the instrument of
a virulent strain of bird flu continues to hammer the midwest and the virus recently took its biggest toll yet after it hit a farm in iowa that held nearly 10 percent of the state 's egg-laying chickens . poultry producers and scientists had been hoping warmer weather would knock down the deadly bird flu virus . but the u.s. department of agriculture said monday that the h5n2 virus had been found at a farm near stuart , iowa 's osceola
greeks and the odd expat have stoutly resisted encroachment of mass tourism . so instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven . great forests of pines , cypress and cedars still sweep down steep hillsides .
the 22-year-old said she kneed jason lee , an ex-goldman sachs managing director , in the groin during the struggle after he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $ 35,000 a month rented mansion . she sobbed and said she was left in a state of ` disbelief ' and begged her friends to take her home because she felt that it was her fault .
malia obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host rachael ray in an interview that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family . the full interview is set to air thursday . mrs. obama has n't driven herself in seven or eight years .
sofinar gourian , popularly known as ` safinaz ' , was fined # 15,000 after being found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant . she is expected to avoid jail time , but after paying # 10,000 bail and launching an appeal against the six month prison sentence .
arlette ricci , 74 and one of the richest women in europe , was ` particularly determined ' to stash money in swiss accounts for more than two decades . judgement handed down by paris criminal court said : ` the seriousness of the facts are an exceptional threat to the public good ' .
artichoke water contains saponins which can help your body absorb less fat . the water is extracted from californian artichokes , a plant rich in health-boosting silymarin and cynarin . the 30-calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit .
tara and gavin hills , from kanata , canada , have been anti-vaxxers for six years . at first , mrs hills thought her kids had a bad cold , but then heard their deep , booming cough that made them gag and vomit . after looking up the symptoms online - powerful coughing fits , runny nose , stringy phlegm - the hills took their ailing brood to the hospital on april 2 . lab tests confirmed whooping cough - an infection
kim richards was arrested early thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer . law enforcement were called to the beverly hills hotel at approximately 1:30 am where the 50-year-old reality star was hanging out at the polo lounge . radar reports that at some point after midnight the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after she 'd had a few too many vodka tonics .
bradley dew , 26 , had been drinking with his friend at a pub in faversham . but later in the evening he returned to his friend 's home , claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from herne bay . as the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend , dew pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face . he then stole # 10 out of his wallet and was found by police hiding in toilets of a
west sydney 's waverley mayor sally betts wrote a glowing reference for convicted rapist luke lazarus ` out of loyalty to the family ' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father 's soho nightclub . the mayor of three years said : ` by the sheer fact of -lrb- the assault -rrb- happening at a nightclub and alcohol is involved -lr- means people are -rrrrbb- open
an account purporting to be sydney radio station 2ue sent out a tweet on thursday morning which appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee . ` apologies for the s *** news service these days , ' the tweet began . the tweet has since been removed from the @ 2uenews twitter account . there is speculation online that it could have been sent by an employee displaced by the controversial merger .
annabel beam , now 12 , was playing outside family 's texas home with her sisters abigail , now 14 and adelynn , now ten , when she slipped and fell inside a cottonwood tree . her mother , christy wilson beam , 42 , has spoken of her amazement after annabel escaped the horrifying accident unscathed - even waking miraculously cured of a devastating illness .
naz shah , a mother-of-three from bradford , claims she was forced to marry her cousin in pakistan before being sexually and physically abused . but mr galloway 's respect party now claims to have obtained a copy of her ` nikah ' , or marriage certificate , showing that she actually married when she was 16 and a half in 1990 .
the ex-girlfriend of prince harry radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in mayfair . the 29-year-old seemed in high spirits , smiling as she made her way down the street wearing tan wedges and a crisp white blouse .
operation xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at skegby hall . inquiry will also look into nine other centres in nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused . also being investigated are three former residential centres in worksop , southwell and stapleford .
a 26,000-square-foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction king . for a meager $ 862,000 , its gargoyles , endless balconies and ornate fountains can be yours with which to carry on the eccentric torch of quirky indy celebrity jerry a. hostetler .
richard howarth , 35 , says he gets so agitated when he sees ukip leader . says he has to immediately change the channel or he becomes ill . medical recruitment consultant , who has always had a keen interest in politics , says hearing mr farage 's voice makes him ` physically sick ' .
dr bav shergill , a consultant dermatologist at queen victoria hospital in east grinstead , offers his verdict . dr skin 's suncare lotion and sun drink . # 11.90 for five 60ml shots and 100ml lotion , dr-skins com . it contains vitamin e , lycopene , vitamin c , beta-carotene and other nutrients for skin health .
thomas k. jenkins of capitol heights , maryland , was arrested last month by deputies with the prince george 's county sheriff 's office . he allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in dover , delaware , . authorities said in a news release thursday that 49-year-old thomas jenkin was arrested .
the national college for teaching and leadership is looking at 30 disciplinary cases . it is understood a teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in birmingham . this includes allegations an al-qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles . more than 50 teachers - called the park view brotherhood - also alleged exchanged as many as 3,000 messages in a whatsapp group which included offensive comments
flabbergasted mario draghi held his hands up for protection when demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him . woman yelled ` end the ecb dictatorship ! ' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards , while a third threw himself in front of mr draghi .
rosemary spent a week on grenada , where fresh foodstuffs like cocoa fruit are easily available . meat and fish are plentiful and because the soil is very fertile , the vegetables , fruit and salads are the glossiest you 'll ever see . autumn heralds guavas , sweetsop and soursop -lrb- sugar apples -rrb- and then there is the temptingly named mammee apple , which is a caribbean version of a peach .
graeme burke is the manager of engineering services for the council . the 3.6-metre statue would show a ` bloke ' wearing shorts , thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox . locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs .
the classic english pastry has been identified as the perfect accompaniment to a creamy latte . espressos are best paired with chocolate truffles or a mini raspberry coulis . flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin , and a plain black coffee is best drunk with a glazed ring doughnut .
actor ricky dearman said his reputation was shattered after being branded the leader of a london satanic cult who trafficked of children into the uk to be tortured and killed on video . scotland yard investigated the ` baseless ' claims but found they had been made by his children after they were tortured by their mother and her partner . police are now hunting for ella draper and abraham christie , who may have fled abroad , and mr dearman now hopes to win custody
international monetary fund warns the state will continue to spend more on public services and other areas such as welfare and overseas aid than it raises in tax . projection underlines just how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country 's annual deficit , which hit a record # 153billion under labour in 2009-10 .
wonga racked up # 37.3 million loss last year following significant reduction in uk consumer lending . revenues declined to # 217.2 million in the period , down by almost # 100million . city watchdog has forecast just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following the introduction of the rules in january .
vincent cianni , 63 , has spent three years traveling the u.s. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression , sadness and silence in a moving photo essay . ` it seems i spent most of my life uninterested in knowing about the military because i supported peace , the fight to end violence and injustice , and the sanctity of life , ' the photographer told vice .
kellie cherie phillips , 38 , and jondrew megil lachaux , a 39-year-old ex-convict , are n't in nevada , they may be in the los angeles or oakland , california , areas , north las vegas police officer aaron patty said friday . police are trying to find a couple and five children who left the home where the child was found dead and a 4-month-old girl was
julie bishop was in perth over the easter holidays to meet wives and partners of sas members . the 58-year-old is notoriously a huge fan of the malaysian shoe designer 's pieces . she is also a huge supporter of christian louboutin , louis vuitton and she also wears perth designer isabel aujoule .
sonia pereiro-mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child . male colleagues at the bank were promoted ahead of her and subjected to ` gratuitous derogatory ' comments about her childcare arrangements . she is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination .
 cordula schacht , whose own father hjalmar schacht was hitler 's minister of economics , is representing joseph goebbels ' estate in the case against random house germany . the dispute comes after peter longerich drew on the diaries . now the english edition of the biography , which includes the same entries , is due to be published by penguin random house uk .
the train was traveling through salters pond road and highway 121 , near trenton , shortly after 8.30 pm when it derailed . at the time , the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air . it was also transporting non-hazardous ammonia nitrate . the derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak .
uk clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 - strongest in group of seven industrialised nations and seven times higher than france 's 0.4 per cent . imf said this was enough for britain to leapfrog socialist france and become the second most powerful economy in europe .
anthony mann , 78 , sat quietly sobbing in the dock as he listened to the details of the mercy killing of his wife janet at their home in nuneaton , warwickshire . he was given a two year suspended sentence after he appeared at leamington justice centre today .
negret raunigk , 65 , from berlin , is due to give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies , conceived following 18 months of fertility treatment . she is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated , using both donated sperm and eggs . the identity of the babies ' father is unknown .
trevor brooks , an associate of islamist firebrand anjem choudary , was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk . home office letter says brooks is an extremist linked to members of the banned group al muhajiroun .
david cameron will be absent when mr miliband and four other party leaders take part in the televised showdown . miliband accused the pm of ` ducking ' the chance to defend his record in government or explain how he would pay for a host of tax giveaways . he has also promised to increase the nhs budget by # 8billion a year .
a two-metre south american boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python . the snake catcher warned that if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease ` it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia ' . queensland police say officers were called to the esplanade at surfers paradise on or about march 26 , to respond to reports of a large snake spotted at the base of a tree on a foot
the 150 people killed in the germanwings air disaster in the french alps have been remembered at a memorial service in germany . cardinal who led the service urged forgiveness for all of the victims - including co-pilot andreas lubitz who is widely blamed for ` deliberately ' crashing the jet after locking the captain out of the cockpit . an investigation into the disaster revealed that he had researched ways of committing suicide .
burger king , which has launched its summer menu , has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie . pret a manger runs from 6pm until 11pm every night , but only -lrb- for now -rrb- at its branch on the strand in london .
a handful of animal keepers at salt lake city 's hogle zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when eve , a bornean orangutan , died a few weeks after giving birth . tuah was revealed to the public on saturday , with visitors -- some of whom wore ' i met tuah ' buttons -- lining up around the ape building to catch their first glimpse .
william beggs , 54 , known as the limbs in the loch killer for raping , murdering and dismembering barry wallace , 18 , in 1999 . the teenager 's limbs and torso were found in loch lomond and his head was dumped in the sea off the ayrshire coast . beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands in the cell attack .
only half know the duke of wellington led the british forces . one in seven believe it was the french who were victorious in 1815 . survey shows young people are more likely to associate waterloo with london railway station or abba song than actual battle . waterloo 200 approved by government to support anniversary .
saudi arabia executed domestic worker siti zainab in 1999 . she was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer . saudi arabian authorities waited for the victim 's youngest child to reach adulthood . but the sentence was carried out despite their claims that her family and officials were not given adequate notice or information before she was killed .
the celebrity chef 's business partner laurence kretchmer moved swiftly to dismiss the claims , saying if flay , 50 , had been having an ongoing affair with an employee , he would know about it . flay filed for divorce earlier this month saying that his 10-year marriage to law & order : svu star march has ` irretrievably broken down ' .
there are a rising number of firms in the us that sell biscuits containing cannabidiol extracted from hemp . compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains , treat mood disorders and even help pets lose weight . cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called triglycer . two of the most common compounds are tetrahydrocannabinol -lrb- thc -rrb- - the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high .
ukip leader said he was ` jealous ' of how the tory leader has reversed the greying process while in downing street . after clashing at last week 's televised leaders debate , mr farage said he shaken mr cameron 's hand and ` complimented him on his appearance ' .
study by tel aviv university 's kantor center for the study of contemporary european jewry said 766 violent anti-semitic acts were carried out around the world last year . arson , vandalism and direct threats against jews were included in the figure , making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009 .
rachel simpson , 15 , was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated . the rest of the family , from heysham , near lancaster , are waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the gata2 gene .
officers from scotland yard 's flying squad released images of three suspects . but refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader , likely because he has already been identified . meanwhile criminologist richard hoskins said he has identified ` startling similarities ' between the hatton garden raid and novel black echo .
kate middleton proudly wore a ceylon sapphire once owned by princess diana as her engagement ring . experts say the trend might prove that diamonds are not forever after all , as the value of the jewels has been vastly overtaken by more fashionable stones . leading auctioneers now branding them a better investment than diamonds .
the hague was classed as a village until louis bonaparte -lrb- napoleon 's brother and king of holland -rrb- set up here in 1806 . it has a genteel moat/canal , which encircles the historic centre .
scott , 50 , and pierre fulton , his friend of several years , had met for breakfast on april 4 before scott drove him to a church so fulton could collect a bag of vegetables . he then took fulton home to drop off the bag there before they headed over to scott 's house . but as they returned home , their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in north charleston . scott jumped out of the car fled the scene - and
amanda curtis , founder of a fashion company , snapped the phenomenon while she was waiting for the long island railroad at the glen cove station . two vivid , primary rainbows can be seen to the left of the image , while dimmer reflections , which have the order of the colors reversed .
robert bates , 73 , from tulsa , oklahoma , spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the today show on friday . he also took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed in the april 2 incident . bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter .
new map allows scientists to ` stand ' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet . the warmer colours show a higher elevation . the colour-coded terrain models show the impressive height of the meridiani planum region at up to 820ft above the surface , seen in red . this is in contrast to the blue 1,6404 ft -lrb- 5,000 metres -rrb- depth of the lower-lying chryse planitia
kyle wittstock , 22 , died on monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door . he posted photos of his view from the sky just hours before he lost control of his powered paramotor . he was taken to joondalup hospital by emergency services and was pronounced dead shortly after arrival .
ford showcased its # 260,000 gt in a stunning light sculpture in the heart of milan as the first models are shipped to china . the light sculpture was unveiled in the piazza de fidele on tuesday as part of the milan design week . planted in milan , it walked through the steps of rendering to give insight into the car 's conception .
the girl , who has not been named but attends school in san dimas , california , is the target of disturbing posts on the photo-sharing service . the posts consist of pictures of her accompanied by threatening messages . one says : ` that smile ! i ca n't wait till its -lsb- sic -rsb- just blood and tears ' .
the 31-year-old , who styles herself as a food and lifestyle writer , has told of eating minke whale - even though it is largely banned worldwide . she boasted of tucking into delicacy in norway to the horror of environmental campaigners who say she is helping promote an ` unimaginably cruel ' trade .
a fight broke out inside roches family hotel late friday night before it spilled out onto victoria road . a woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ' a dildo in each hand ' . the altercation took an unusual turn when mr weller and other onlookers spotted a woman approaching the scene , armed with two rubber sex toys .
amanda lukoff , from arlington , virginia , teamed up with her husband danny egan for their film the r-word . they try to raise $ 200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website indiegogo . the director and producer has already signed on cast members including scrubs actor john c. mcginley and glee actress lauren potter .
france has joined italy and israel in passing laws banning promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry . the health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a bmi under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content . the view that anorexia is caused by comparing oneself to a catwalk model remains popular .
almost half of 1,000 british companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an obese applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight . among reasons given were overweight workers ` are unable to play a full role in the business ' , ` they would n't be able to do the job required ' .
sean donohoe , 30 , plundered pensioner 's accounts before spending tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the snowdome and in shops such as argos and hmv . he even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits , before secretly taking out two life insurance policies , both of which named him as beneficiary .
khadijah dare , from lewisham in south london , has been threatening to become the first woman to behead a westerner . but despite all that , her heartbroken mother victoria has used her first ever interview to call upon her daughter to return and says she wants her only child in her life .
a passenger was badly injured after the driver of the ferrari , reportedly purchased only a week ago , smashed into a tree in the adelaide suburb of north brighton . the crash involving the 1991 ferraris 348 , worth between $ 90k and $ 110k . king george avenue was closed to traffic near the crash scene for about two hours .
george costello jr , 45 , was visiting hamptons bay , new york , at the time . he also has a long history of drug arrests -lrb- mugshot from april -rrb- . he is currently in jail in florida on apparently unrelated charges . he has been described by relatives as a ` mixed-up ' kid .
robert donovan , 57 , was jailed for 15 months in 2005 for using a so-called ` lebanese loop ' to steal a man 's credit card at a cash machine . his disappearance only emerged last year , four years after he had walked out of the prison in arundel , sussex .
ed miliband initially suggested he would ` abolish ' the non-domicile status on wednesday should his party take power in the general election on may 7 . but it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years . but labour aides suggested this would raise as much as # 1billion .
actor , known for appearing in all creatures great and small and playing winston churchill several times , is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career . mr hardy is a keen military historian who studied english with j.r. tolkien and is now an expert on the medieval longbow .
joshua van haften , 34 , of madison , wisconsin , was arrested wednesday night at o'hare international airport in chicago after returning on a flight from turkey . he has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . the complaint alleges that he was unable to cross the border from turkey into syria .
university of cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory . it suggests temperatures at earth 's equator were -40 c -lrb- 85 f -rrb- 2.4 billion years ago . this means that , were life to survive at the time , it would likely have had to remain in the water deep underground , below this icy crust . on other worlds in the solar system such as europa , we see a similar icy crust - and are fairly confident that it
dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous . it 's a melting pot of decadence in the middle east with year-round sunshine . despite restrictions of local religious laws , the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define dubai as a holiday destination .
british war lab winston churchill was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 . he encouraged scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions . but some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending world war two . he was the conservative candidate for woodford , essex , but lost in the elections .
the trackyourdose app was developed by germany-based firm esooka . it uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists . the # 1.49 -lrb- $ 1.99 -rrb- ios app keeps a record of a user 's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person 's location and flights .
lloyd byfield , 48 , evaded deportation for years before he launched a frenzied hammer and knife attack on leighann duffy , 26 . he smashed his way into her flat in walthamstow , east london , on september 1 last year . after pleading guilty to murder , he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by judge nicholas cooke .
the strike follows action by french air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout starting yesterday . now workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout in a solidarity with the thousands taking to the streets across the country . there are an average 25,000 ascents at the tower every day , and at $ 15.50 -lrb- # 11.25 -rrb- a ticket , the closure will cost paris tourism almost $ 387,500 -lr
emily reay , 17 , who has natural auburn hair but colours it so it is brighter , is a pupil at trinity school in carlisle , cumbria . but on her return to lessons following easter holidays she claims she was ordered to tone it down after teachers decided the colour was inappropriate . she was informed of the action being taken at the end of monday 's assembly .
mohamed badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences as 37 people , including an american-egyptian citizen were jailed for life . the defendants found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a sprawling cairo protest camp in the months after the military overthrew islamist president morsi in july 2013 .
the bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on twitter and retweeted by scots crime writer ian rankin . the photo was originally put online by jon palmer from the cheese house , cromarty , who tweeted : ` market day tomorrow in the town that has all bases covered when it comes to tourist attractions ' .
glenna kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a cape cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college . she was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a rhode island college in 2005 . three years later , at just 26 years old , glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle .
the white house declined to give embattled drug enforcement administration chief michele leonhart a vote of confidence today as two news networks reported that she would soon resign . her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information .
darwin man , aged just 42 , had just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died . he was given cpr but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived , reportedly to the gym he owned according to friends on facebook . the chiselled competitor sadly leaves behind his wife and two children , including son shannan and his young daughter miami .
the u.s. spends $ 4billion -lrb- # 2.7 billion -rrb- a year on unnecessary medical costs due to mammograms generating false alarms and on treatment for breast tumors unlikely to cause problems . the study , published in the health affairs journal on monday , has estimated the figure for women aged 40 to 59 . it is made up of $ 2.8 bn resulting from false-positive mammograms and another $ 1.2 bn attributed to breast cancer
pm said voters were not ` fully sure ' about the tories at the last election . he said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority before adding : ` if i fall short of those 23 seats i will feel i have not succeeded ' . he also revealed nothing made him ` more angry ' than the conservatives being called the party of the rich .
gemma redhead was released from prison after serving half his sentence . the 33-year-old was repeatedly raped by her former partner , philip kirby . she endured eight years of violence at the hands of bullying her . in august 2010 the mother-of-four decided to break up with him . he continued to harass her and forced his way into her home before subjecting her to a harrowing ordeal .
lorenzo simon , 34 , forced victim michael spalding , 39 , to decorate his flat . he then dismembered handyman using hacksaw and put body parts into suitcases . simon threw suitcases into canal which weighed down using broken concrete slabs . he was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting offender .
russia has key interests in common with the united states and needs to work with it on a common agenda . in his comments to the state-run rossiya channel , putin . appeared to soften his anti-american rhetoric after being highly critical . relations between moscow and washington .
mandy dunford , 54 , was followed around her farm in chop gate , north yorkshire . kenneth ward , 67 , naked apart from socks and boots , was jailed for five years . the military historian even performed sex acts in front of her . ward admitted 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences .
soldiers were given a burial with full military honours in an emotional ceremony in flanders fields , belgium . no relatives have been found , and their graves will be labelled as ` known unto god ' - a description on headstones of all unknown soldiers . the identities of the six soldiers regiments were identified thanks to their uniforms .
cranberries and pomegranates often have more sugar than a can of cola . the drinks are said to have health benefits , some brands contain more than a day 's recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving . local government association accused soft drink firms of ` dragging their heels ' when it comes to minimising sugar in their products .
the oshun cafe will serve # 6 bowls of brazilian superfood acai berries . the native acai berry bowl is topped with bananas , granola , raisin and honey . the fruit bowls include o shun kong made with courgette , lime , sour cherries and strawberries .
rosemary taylor , communications director of the city of brookhaven in georgia , made the ` racist ' remark to hired photographer nelson jones at the local cherry blossom festival . after witnessing mr jones capture a test shot of models dominique jackson , 18 , and 19-year-old khamlee vongvone at the event , she apparently went over to him and referenced the two girls . she reportedly told him : ` this is not the image i
francis pusok , 30 , fled his southern california home on thursday after cops tried to arrest him for identity theft charges . in an interview with nbc 4 on monday , pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent ' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear ` this is n't over ' . on the run , police officers shot pusok with a taser and he fell to the ground
timothy eli thompson was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities , a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening . his mother brandi mcglathery said facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post it to promote eli 's story .
robert bates , 73 , appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris . the retired insurance executive , who is out on $ 25,000 bond , is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the bahamas . harris ' family reacted to the decision in a statement released by their lawyer .
dawn arrived on 6 march , the first time a spacecraft has orbited a dwarf planet , and is now preparing for the key science phase of the mission . however , the images have not yet revealed what the mystery ` bright spots ' on the surface of the world are , which have gripped the attention of scientists and the public alike . they were taken by the dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles -lrb- 33,000 km -rrb- . it will soon study the
chaos over labour 's plan to target wealthy foreigners has left even ed miliband 's own family baffled . mike keen , the labour leader 's cousin , said he was ` officially confused ' over whether or not the party was actually promising to scrap non-dom rules . in january ed balls said it would cost the country money .
david spielgalhalter , a cambridge university professor , sets out to investigate various sexual statistical claims and separate myth from reality . scientists who reviewed 20 different studies of penis size , including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world found some surprising results . since no other part of the human body is more shrouded in myth and folklore than men 's most precious part .
french chef guillaume garot is urging eateries to embrace ` le doggy bag ' . the author of the study said the popular us practice was ` unthinkable ' for snooty diners and chefs , a change in attitudes could save france up to $ 20 billion a year .
kenyan elite troops were called in to aid in the pre-dawn massacre . but soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon , local media claims . critique comes as one of the four gunmen responsible for the brutal mass-murders has been identified as a lawyer son of a kenyan government official .
pm was speaking in a rather peculiar building - an almost empty science park on the city 's outskirts , its round atrium area filled with party activists . space was uncomfortably hot and mr cameron was looking straight into a merciless , piercing , armpit-moistening sun .
robert durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 world trade center . he also faces a murder charge in california and two state weapons charges in louisiana - one of possessing a .38 - caliber revolver after a felony conviction and one of . possessing the firearm along with an illegal drug : about 5 ounces of marijuana .
baby seng , from vientiane , laos , burns to 64 per cent of her body during a september 2011 ultramarathon through the kimberley , western australia . turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big , brown eyes . that 's because she knows that if she lived in a country like seng 's , she would n't have been able to save her from the flames that nearly killed her by lashing 64 per
the space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $ 500m on its opening weekend . that 's more than the $ 483m record set by the final harry potter film . the clip is the first time han solo has been seen on film since 1983 's return of the jedi .
robert penny , 83 , of malvern east , briefly appeared at melbourne magistrates court on monday . he is charged with murdering claire acocks and his wife margaret penny at old london coiffure hairdressers in portland , victoria on may 3 , 1991 . the women were found badly beaten , repeatedly stabbed , with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps .
britt mchenry has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should ` lose some weight , baby girl ' . the former model is dedicated to helping women feel ` comfortable in their own skin ' . in a self-aggrandizing rant , she tells her readers she is ` taking a stand ' against ` sexist ' commercials that focus on ` appearance alone ' .
the hollywood siren called the building , just a short walk from harrods in london 's exclusive knightsbridge , home until her death in 1990 . now this newly refurbished five bedroom , five bathroom apartment gives renters the chance to walk in the footsteps of the legendary screen star . spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms , a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room .
the british star of disney 's new blockbuster cinderella has worn more than # 300,000 worth of frocks , shoes and jewellery designed by the glitziest names in fashion . from # 3,000 jimmy choo shoes to a # 35,000 gown and a # 40,000 necklace , claudia connell and eliza scarborough reveal how downton abbey star lily 's special wardrobe would be a stretch even for prince charming '
the burglars get into the house through the kitchen , peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home and disappear into what seems to be a hallway . the boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over , but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face .
suzy howlett , 54 , who specialises in teaching foreign-born children english , has embarrassed husband and wife team derek tanswell and sharon snook over their spelling , punctuation and grammar . she wrote : ' i think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house ' .
timothy rogalski , from wallingford , connecticut , called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone . the fifth time he called , he spoke to an administrative assistant . in the calls , the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the december 14 , 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead .
iona costello , 51 , and her 14-year-old daughter emily , from greenport , were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair , who often went into the city for theater and art museums , left no other trace of their whereabouts . relatives have filed a missing person report after emily did not return to her east hampton school from
seven of slager 's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting . but the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media . officers also told an internal report that they gave scott cpr , but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body .
study found britons selling their properties refuse to admit housing market has cooled and mistakenly believe they are sitting on a goldmine . sellers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations as sellers demand silly prices . average sale prices are about # 207,000 in the uk , advertised asking prices are typically # 74,000 higher at # 281,000 .
the self-confessed atheist visited a christian group in croydon . he bowed his head while church leaders ` put their hands forward towards ed ' . last year mr miliband described himself as a ` jewish atheist ' . but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups .
the question was one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad . at first , it appears impossible to answer without more information but pictured is the method used to work it out . albert and bernard just became friends with cheryl , and they want to know when her birthday is .
helen dunn , 78 , was surprised when she opened a copy of the sunday mercury newspaper to find a photo of herself starring back . the mother-of-two and grandmother , from stourbridge , west midlands , was flicking through the newspaper when she spotted herself on the cover of a raunchy lads ' mag from 1955 .
charlie kwentus , 42 , from webster groves , missouri , was granted his dying wish by the annie 's hope bereavement center for kids . the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day , with black tie makeovers and a limousine included .
odds on the second royal baby being called sam have been slashed . follows success of part-time jockey and duchess of cambridge 's close friend . the 33-year-old amateur jockey was once dubbed ` the royal matchmaker ' . ladbrokes confirmed they received a recent flurry of bets .
xiao ying , 17 , was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou city . she completely denied giving birth to the child , the people 's daily online reported . the baby 's condition is now improving but his traumatic birth could lead to problem later in life .
the prime minister said he will amend the working times regulations so for three days people can volunteer or serve as a school governor . but business leaders criticised the move as heavy-handed government intervention . the policy will apply to workers at firms with at least 250 staff . volunteers would be able to take the time to volunteer in a block or flexibly .
new book by peter schweizer is set to spell out a trend whereby big money donors to the clinton foundation found u.s. policies coming out of the state department shift in their favor . claims against clinton , secretary of state from 2009-13 , are laid out in clinton cash , due to be published may 5th by harpercollins .
latika bourke had no interest about looking into her origins until she watched the movie slumdog millionaire . the film was nothing short of life-changing for latika and led her to a fulfilling spiritual journey back to where it all began in an orphanage in the slums of india . the country she instantly fell in love with and has become her second home .
property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017 . in a new report , goldman sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates , high death rates and falling net migration . this is significantly lower than widely-used australian bureau of statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent . this will create an oversupply and
keith boudreau , 42 , of quincy was pronounced dead on friday morning following the march 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground . officials said he died from his injuries . he was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following the attack and was removed from life support on monday .
a new device , called the flow vr , provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft . this can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person 's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear . the system , designed by in-flight entertainment company flow ife , can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day to help them acclimatise to their new time zone . airline
robin ellis shot to fame in the seventies as the original dashing hero ross poldark . at the time , he was as much a heart throb as aidan turner , star of the hugely successful bbc remake of the cornish epic that concludes on sunday . in fact , even now at the age of 73 robin has retained the physique that helped make him famous - as he showed in a cameo . yet even though he has been slim all his life - 12
patrick randall was 16 in may 1990 when he held a knife to gregory smart 's throat as his friend billy flynn , shot him in the head . flynn testified that she told him she needed her husband killed because she feared she would lose everything if they divorced . randall won parole thursday at his first hearing - he wo n't be released until after june 4 .
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane this weekend . trees lined the aisle at the end of each pew in westminster abbey . there is less than 48 hours now until the scottish tennis champion and his girlfriend exchange vows in his hometown .
video shows how angelo west , 41 , immediately jumps out of the car and shoots officer john moynihan , 34 , under the eye at close range . west then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street . boston police commissioner william evans pointed out that he was firing ` under his arm ' at the others .
residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend . they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks . meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming
the cyclone strength winds currently battering the nsw coast are being caused by an intense low-pressure system known as an east coast low . the stormy weather system , formed in the tasman sea , has n't hit nsw this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever . east coast lows are particularly common in june and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter . they are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings
craig stephen hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the february 10 killings of 23-year-old deah shaddy barakat . prosecutors said hicks confessed and was arrested with the murder weapon . ballistics matched the handgun to shell casings recovered at the apartment and there was gunshot residue on his hands and one of the victim 's blood was on his pants .
kealeigh-anne woolley was just seven months old when she was left blind . she spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube . police arrested heath , now 43 , last september and yesterday he was jailed for three years and two months at birmingham crown court .
an unidentified male concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at coachella . the image shows the man giving the peace sign as he flaunts his controversial shirt at the festival held in indio , california . the photo was shared on twitter by the managing editor of vice 's music and culture channel thump .
conrad clitheroe is in a cell with friends gary cooper and neil munro . the 54-year-old 's wife says he has now run out of a blood pressure medication . none of the men have been charged with any offence since they were transferred there from dubai .
lisa morgan , 40 , amended the site she had set up for former boyfriend sean meade , 45 , to claim he had been unfaithful . visitors to the top of the world roofing website are told it has ` ceased trading at present ' as the boss was ` unfortunately found out to be cheating yet again ' .
paypal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in . the next wave of passwords will be edible , ingestible or injectable and will remove the need for what he called ` antiquated ' ways of confirming your identity . typing in a password will become a thing of the past too , he said .
papamoa beach , a popular bay of plenty destination , was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore , swimming around in only a few feet of water . onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish , but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler .
chris ball made the final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life . the video shows him playing in the background and expressing his unconditional love for his mother , four siblings and his girlfriend . on september 14 , chris 's brother jayden found his body along with a usb stick containing the video sitting on top of a piece of paper which simply said : ` mum and dad , please watch ' . his family have shared the heartbreaking video publicly to raise awareness of the crippling
teenagers will be encouraged to learn foreign languages by talking about tattoos , music festivals , youtube and rap music under the latest gcse shake-up . exam board officials unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds . proposals aim to rid classrooms of ` tired phrases ' which some pupils now see as outdated .
mcdonnell and her husband , former gov. bob mcdonnell , were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. . ceo jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements .
the distinction , they hope , will allow for tailor-made treatments to help different obese people combat their weight . they found obese people fall into one of six categories : . the scientists said their findings suggest that clinicians and policy makers should not target obese people as a whole , rather treat them according to the ` type ' of obese person they are .
researchers from goldsmiths university in london and ohio state university . more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research . the researchers said they were surprised by the results , believing that the twins ' shared environment would be a larger factor than genetics . instead , genetics and non-shared-environment factors were found to have the largest effect on the children 's motivation to learn , whereas the shared environment had negligible impact .
andrew o'clee , 36 , wed michelle agbulos , and later tied the knot again . but michelle , 39 , uncovered the deception when she came across footage . he had tried to cover his tracks by claiming he was involved in a fraud case . jailed for eight months after a court heard about the web of ` lies and forgery ' .
samantha says she 's gorgeous , intelligent and fabulous ! quite simply , i adore who i am inside and out . i 'm perfectly aware i have flaws , but they 're deliciously wrapped up in the very unique moi . she 'm utterly peeved about dove 's latest campaign results .
ralph cramer , 70 , and his wife , lynn , 59 , were returning home from the creekside caf in mount joy at about 9 p.m. on sunday when the accident occurred . first responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash .
us drug enforcement administration agents in colombia were taking part in alleged ` sex parties ' with prostitutes funded by drug cartels years earlier than previously known . a summary of a dea report released by the house committee on oversight and government reform at a hearing on the misconduct . it comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments .
driver was credited with stopping a potential mass shooting in chicago at the weekend by pulling out his own personal firearm and shooting the would-be gunman . prosecutors say the driver with a concealed carry permit shot a 22-year-old man who opened fire on a group of pedestrians in logan square .
a dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-burmese nationals being identified . the vast majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the island village of benjina . those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses .
tony lopez lozano , 35 , pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and , on monday , a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison . the victim 's mother , kathleen tapia , said at the sentencing ' i do n't forgive you , and i never will ' .
virgin galactic hopes to begin testing a new version of spaceshiptwo by the end of the year . its predecessor was destroyed in the mojave desert on 31 october 2014 . co-pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured . the comments were made by chief executive george whitesides at the annual space symposium in colorado springs .
the dashboard camera has captured the unnamed driver travelling along a melbourne road with p-plates quickly cuts into the lane to turn right at an intersection . moments later , the red ute appears to look frustrated at the slow moving traffic as they attempt to overtake by carelessly swerving onto the wrong side of the road .
 dermatologist dawn marie davies warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting the sexually transmitted infection , herpes . genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact . once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes .
sarah fox , 27 , was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away . her 57-year-old mother bernadette was found by police on thursday night . merseyside police said mrs fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed .
police have returned to bill spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler william tyrrell . the 63-year-old 's home had been searched earlier in the year , in january and march , after it was unveiled that he was due to fix william 's grandmother 's washing machine around the time the boy vanished .
the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . ` in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead , ' melissa says in the clip .
a dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera . the footage was taken last monday in forrestville in northern sydney shows a driver behind the wheel of an ac & s truck tailgating , yelling and flashing his lights aggressively , nearly crashing into the back of a small subaru car . the incident started on warringah road and continued on for 8.5 km , with the passenger in the car claiming the truck driver was laughing and
researchers in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent . they tested their theory using a 10-hertz current on the brain 's of 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain . they then recorded the results using eeg .
aydian ethan dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication 's annual ultimate guy search . he would follow iraq war veteran and amputee noah galloway , who clinched the top spot last year . the competition aims to find a man ` who possesses all of the qualities that make up today 's well-rounded , active , health-conscious and thoughtful guy ' .
cathryn parker , 72 , has lived under at least 74 aliases in los angeles , mainly those of hollywood production workers . but after 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles , it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation . police started to investigate parker after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name .
sue sim came to national prominence five years ago as northumbria police dealt with the raoul moat manhunt . she said she was ` sad ' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family . her style has been compared to her predecessor sir john stevens .
manchester city 's david silva and everton 's phil jagielka among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods . this comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning twitter into an advertising platform .
christine lagarde , the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund , and plaid cymru 's leanne wood , chose hot pink for her live election debate last thursday . the sudden rise in use among powerful women is said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived .
stacey eden , 23 , stood up for the muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter ` bullying ' the sydney commuter on an airport line train . she switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to muslim couple 's defence with a fiery spray notably absent of any swearing . hafeez ahmed bhatti said he was shocked by the ugly incident .
john tuite , 22 , and carlos santolalla , 25 , go by the brangelina-like portmanteau jarlos , and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on new york city 's party scene . but while the male model it couple have starred in a campaign together for dkny and posed for big brands like edun and dsquared2 , they say it has n't always been easy for them to work in the industry
shezoy bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a chelsea nightclub . copeland , a former player for the new york knicks , was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on wednesday .
kim hill , 31 , was abused for years by her step-father derek osborne . she was forced to dress up in her mother 's lingerie at the age of eight . but she never revealed her past until her partner rob encouraged her to approach the police about her attacker . rob asked his fiance if she had been abused as a child due to her withdrawn nature .
the 34-year-old reality star is creating an ` archive ' of her most infamous outfits , which she stores in clear plastic bags , because she is keen on the idea of north inheriting her wardrobe when she gets older . the dress that i wore on the cover of vogue will be hers . all of my met gala dresses .
company grew 11.8 per cent to just over # 1.1 billion , breaking through # 1bn barrier . profits expected to be around # 44million as firm reaps rewards from 547 uk stores and 41 shops in ireland . retail analyst clive black said ` discounters have always been part of the retail scene ' .
nbc 's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers . david muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending april 3 .
jason edward harrington , who worked with the tsa for six years , said screeners will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them . comments follow revelations that two tsa workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in denver as part of a scheme to pat men down before they boarded their flights .
matthew whelan , 35 , from birmingham , says his unusual looks have made it difficult to find work . thanks to workplace discrimination , he has been forced to go it alone and is planning to set up his own business . mr body art says prejudice against people with body modifications has affected his career .
nasa scientists in california have revealed new images of the dwarf planet ceres . they reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater . however , scientists are still not able to explain what they are . dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april . these latest images were taken on 14 and 15 april from a distance of 14,000 miles -lrb- 22,000 km -rrb- from the north pole of ceres -lrb
swiss researchers measured the temperature of ` hot jupiter ' hd 189733b . they found the temperature reaches up to 3,000 c in the atmosphere . and wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour . the findings suggest we may soon have the opportunity to examine other distant worlds beyond the solar system in unprecedented detail .
the driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15 am on saturday . the group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside .
police in texas turn ranchers determinedly try to herd a stray buffalo . as they beep their horns the animal , named big boy , continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road . despite the detour , the buffalo made it home safely free of injury .
a sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained scratch-free . it was subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer . the test was carried out by cardiff-based iphone repairs specialist . two out of the three models of apple watches are available to pre-order from today .
actress carey mulligan watched alzheimer 's disease take hold of margaret booth . now , 14 years after mrs booth , affectionately known as nans by the actress , was diagnosed , miss mulligan has revealed her anger at how dismissively dementia sufferers are treated . she says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia .
annegret raunigk , from berlin , is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her : ' i want to have a little brother or sister ' . someone who understands annegret 's position well is britain 's older mother , sue tollefsen , from essex .
gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald prepare to hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in glasgow on april 27 . he said : ' i do n't think we 'll be able to get him up on stage but he 'll definitely be there ' .
cle ` bone ' sloan told police suge knight growled ` i 'm going to kill you ' before ` everything went black ' . police say that was the moment before knight killed terry carter and tried to kill sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck . sloan claims knight appeared to be reaching for a gun on the passenger seat while moving the gear stick .
truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs . in a report issued to the herald sun , victoria police revealed there is a distribution network of speed , ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry . a former melbourne truck driver said his colleagues were taking drugs regularly , and meeting areas were often set up between drivers over radios using codes .
four in ten britons have an average # 77 of unwanted good because they have not got around to returning it because the task is too inconvenient and lengthy . 43 per cent said they did not think the value warranted the effort . confusing processes were also identified as a major deterrent to sending an item back for 22 per cent .
the victims were lured to britain but were ` treated like dogs ' , court told . they were kept under duress amid fears for safety of families back home . but they were made to give over all their wages , forced to eat outside in winter . allegations made during trial of five family members at plymouth crown court .
zeynab daghastani , 13 , was shot and killed as she fled al-yarmouk camp . she was shot dead on the evening of april 7 last week , according to a worker at the jafra foundation . aid workers in the area captured the camp ten days ago .
holly beard , 24 , and her fiance steve hancock , 27 , tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in january last year . but holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat . she has since gone from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months .
penny is a 40-minute seaplane flight from the capital mal , two yellow turtles swim sturdily towards a reef . look the other way and stepping stones lead through green foliage to a table and chairs while to one side is an outside shower surrounded by banana plants . there is much more to do than gaze at sumptuousness .
the scandinavian brand , lindex , opened its first uk store in westfield stratford , london on march 27 . the models have been selected thanks to their work doing good things outside of the fashion world , showing that true beauty comes from what you do as well as how you look .
former royal chef darren mcgrady said that when the royal princes were children they swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food . william and harry were apparently fed up with the endless diet of traditional english food so wanted a change . he said that their ` juvenile handwriting gave their identity away ' .
the mole urban project aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules to edge of town consolidation centres . the project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns , although it is still a long way from fruition . a track has already been constructed in northampton to test the capsules with data being collected on commercial and environmental influences .
jodie bredo , 26 , from essex , has been a kate lookalike for six years . she wishes the duchess of cambridge would ` change her hair for once ' . she often does jobs with a prince william lookalikes but says she fancies prince harry more .
uk singled out as having problem with household debt , along with portugal . uk forced to seek emergency funding during eurozone crisis . soaring house prices have pushed up household debt in britain in recent years , raising fears families are over-stretching themselves to get on the property ladder or buy a bigger home .
aidan fraley , 16 , says his father 's killer should have been in a retirement home , not out there on the scene killing my dad . the 16-year-old says all the tulsa police who allowed bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his death . meanwhile , his own mother , who calls harris her ` soulmate ' -- has already forgiven his killer .
out on the election campaign trail under blue skies in south wales , the trade union firebrand 's manner was as warm as the weather . ` did n't you once call me a slab-faced marxist ? ' the famously militant leader of unite asked me with a grin that was more genial than menacing .
norma esparza , who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case , said from the stand that her ex-boyfriend , gianni van , now 45 , was outraged when he heard about the assault and demanded that she find and point out gonzalo ramirez at the bar where she met him . prosecutors allege van and friends kidnapped and beat ramirez and left him by the roadside .
the personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions . to questions about sexual dysfunction , career changes and secret crushes . one user asks : ` my long term girlfriend is bad in bed ... shall i tell her ? ' . if so , think of a way to frame it so she does n't feel stupid .
raheem sterling and jordon ibe pictured smoking a shisha pipe . the pair sat together in front of a table with shisha pipes , cans of fizzy fanta orange and a portable music speaker . sterling is considering his future at liverpool , and ibe are considered as the brightest stars to emerge at the club .
the 23-year-old serbian-born fashion star , who appears in a solo editorial in the may issue of vogue , told the publication she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery because it would transform her from an interesting enigma into just another pretty girl . andreja also revealed that she has been signed as the newest face for beauty brand make up for ever .
the popular fast food chain will also be providing personalized gift bags , mason jars and burger king crowns . the couple has been known as burger-king since they were in the fifth grade together , in new berlin , illinois . burger and king said they ` shaking ' and ` blown away ' after getting the good news about bk footing the bill .
comres survey of 4,000 undecided voters found slim majority more impressed . separate poll suggests ukip 's vote is being squeezed in key constituencies . education secretary nicky morgan set to hold marginal seat in loughborough . nigel farage has impressed 21 % of voters on back of strong performance .
us scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that does n't pollute the environment like fossil fuels . breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , reportedly sent the inappropriate message on march 31 under the subject line : ` great article on writing briefs ' . when recipients opened the enclosed link , philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of ' a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act ' .
the church of scientology is one on a long list of organisations that have been barred from using the anzac brand by the department of veteran affairs ahead of april 25 . out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word anzac . 40 items were rejected for a range of reasons , including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate .
gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers around 3.30 am on january 12 . cctv showed the men took the birds to a tower block in walsall , west midlands , and dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out of barely open windows . three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month .
dawn milosky has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle . dashcam footage shows police in the borough of kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area .
the 70eenth dead sperm whale to beach along the north coast of california in over the 40 years , a spokeswoman for the marine mammal center said . officials say it 's not immediately clear would be done with the decomposing carcass after the examination . in january , a rare pygmy sperm whale died after beaching itself in point reyes . investigators said it had likely gotten sick and was too weak to swim .
jessica silva 's ex partner , james polkinghorne , sent her a text message threatening to ` cave her f *** ing head in ' and ` bash the f *** ' out of her before arriving at her marrickville home fuelled on ` ice ' on mothers day in 2012 . fearing for her life , ms silva called her brother to come help her and sent her mother a desperate text message that said , ` mum , the psycho is coming ' . during a candid
the 11 cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co . all of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is beneficial deal with the 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way .
two women aged 47 and 22 , and two men aged 24 and 22 were held at manchester airport in the early hours of this morning . they were among eight relatives stopped at the turkish border with syria on april 1 with university student waheed ahmed . the 21-year-old son of labour councillor shakil ahmed has been held at birmingham airport .
michelle obama and marian robinson had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in greenwich village on saturday . the two sat down for a meal at lupa , a small italian eatery on thompson street and looked after by owner and restaurant mogul mario batali .
eman presley , 34 , faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in fulton county and a hairdresser in a parking garage in decatur . presley is set to appear in front of a dekalb county judge today and district attorneys have said they will seek the death penalty .
the birth of alanna and stephan goetzinger 's third daughter was meant to go like the previous two - an intimate family moment that took place in a wading pool their bedroom at home , lit by candles . instead , the night turned to tragedy when the little girl rana died either during birth or within minutes afterwards . a coroner found that the care given by the midwife who assisted at the birth in 2012 was ` grossly inadequate ' and may have contributed to the death of the baby
father-of-two tipu sultan was shot dead outside his shop in south shields . he was originally from bangladesh with a gunshot wound and pronounced dead at the scene . witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area in the direction of lizard lane immediately after the shooting .
neil moore , 28 , was on remand at wandsworth prison in south-west london . he emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at ` southwalk crown court ' . it allowed the fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison on march 10 . moore 's escape only became apparent three days later when solicitors attended the prison for a conference with him .
 vulcan will use new engines , mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres . the company appears to have timed the announcement to overshadow spacex ' launch of falcon 9 . the aim of both spacex and ula is to end us dependence on russian-built rocket engines .
more than a third of mothers dressed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs . 46 per cent gave them toys bought for their elder sibling . 82 per cent have a memento of their first child , such as a lock of hair or a video . most second borns in the family have every reason to feel hard done by .
cassandra cassidy was shot as a car occupied by multiple people . the fashion design student had just arrived for her late-night shift at a half-way house for people struggling with substance abuse . the 24-year-old was mortally wounded and taken to university medical center where she died .
kim sears wore a short silk dress with a zip front and a large straw hat . the 27-year-old wore a somber expression as she saw her husband-to-be lose to novak djokovic in yesterday 's men 's final at the miami open .
jackson county chief circuit judge thomas wilson told ` monster ' james tingley of michigan ` the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet ' . wilson continued by saying he thinks locking tingleys up for the next 25 to 50 years in prison ` is worth every penny ' .
the wildcats faced off against the university of wisconsin badgers in saturday night 's semi-final game , breaking their winning streak with a 71-64 loss . now , its wisconsin heading to monday 's final to play duke - their first final since 1941 . police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct .
travel does n't come cheap , but it is possible to see some of the most amazing places on the planet on a tight budget . all it takes is a few sacrifices , hard work , commitment and an outgoing personality . house-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation .
gareth huw davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the indian ocean , where the holiday industry is recovering . the modern seema malaka temple , colombo , sri lanka . it floats on colombo 's beira lake .
a fundraising page set up by friends of the family to help pay funeral expenses has raised almost $ 50,000 in less than a week . mai mach , 60 , was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her albanvale home in western melbourne last tuesday . hours earlier her grandson , alistair , 4 , was stabbing 18 times as he slept in his bed . a mycause page , set up . by family friend diana teoh with the goal of
alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station 's top job in an interview on radio 4 's feedback programme . controller of bbc radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant and claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging as a result . he was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over the last 30 years .
keir starmer , who ran the crown prosecution service for five years , was in charge when operation elveden began its tainted ` witch hunt ' into tabloid journalists . starting with dawn raids on suspects ' homes , mass arrests and long periods of bail , it ended in not guilty verdicts . despite the best efforts of prosecutors and millions of pounds of public money , juries have almost universally refused to convict .
shocking police dashcam footage shows arizona officer speeding down a road , mounting a sidewalk and smashing into an alleged armed robber . in the two videos , mario valencia is captured walking along a street in marana , northwest of tucson , carrying what appears to be a rifle . he points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out .
the houston owner safer hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate ' 370h55v ' after the texan department for motor vehicles saw it spelled ` a ** hole ' upside-down . the authority has written mr hassan a letter explaining that the license plates would be cancelled in a month .
april morris of bennettsville thought she 'd never see her beloved pit bull , nina louise , again after she went astray in december 2013 . months of searching and a $ 500 cash reward proved fruitless . she was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups .
angela merkel and husband , chemistry professor joachim sauer , spotted on island of ischia , near naples . couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star miramare spa hotel . prices start at # 160 per night but can go up to # 280 for some of the more expensive suites .
the royal county of berkshire polo club has become one of britain 's most elite sporting venues since the prince of wales joined when it was founded in 1982 . it 's attracted royals and celebrities including prince william and harry , actress stephanie powers and rolling stone bill wyman .
mei ru , 50 , and her husband song ming , 53 , were going shopping in the city of fuzhou , in fujian province , south east china . cctv shows mr ming climbing out of the passenger door and going to stand behind the car when his wife suddenly reverses , knocking him down before backing up over his body .
half of voters agree with ukip that immigrants should not immediately receive free hiv treatment . poll of 1,906 adults found 50 % would support ` people coming to live in the uk being banned from receiving treatment on the nhs for a period of five years ' . ed miliband said his comments were ` disgusting ' .
brits spend # 815m a year to ` social media proof ' their wardrobe . men forked out more than women , according to a new study . men appeared to be the most social-conscious gender , spending an average of # 61 to safe-guard against this modern day anxiety .
claudia alende , 21 , came second in last year 's beauty pageant . she posted picture of her naked body painted with image of virgin mary . miss carvalho , 23 , claimed model had ` revealed who she truly is ' . miss alende said she had been asked to do photoshoot but refused .
charles collins , 28 , sprang into action at the metro station in central philadelphia when elderly alfred mcnamee lost his footing and fell onto the rails . surveillance footage of the dramatic incident shows collins walking to the edge of the platform of the septa -lrb- southeastern pennsylvania transportation authority -rrb- subway 's 15th street station . collins was pulled from the dangerous tracks .
valbona yzeiraj was arrested on thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault , unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment . authorities said the 45-year-old woman , from white plains , did injections in people 's mouths , performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients ' teeth .
steve esmond and his wife , dr theresa devine , fell seriously ill during their stay at the sirenusa condominium resort on the island of st. john . the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma . sean , 16 , and ryan , 14 , were in critical condition .
the changes in the brain may have health implications in the long-term . it could also reduce the risk of being immobile in older age , dr urho kujala said . physical activity has already been linked to a number of health benefits , such as lower levels of body fat , reduced heart disease risk factors , better memory and thinking .
the average cost of the big day hit # 25,000 , thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget . femail has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be . black vases will be on sale after halloween , red and gold after christmas and pink after valentine 's day .
clarkson was sacked from top gear after a ` fracas ' with producer oisin tymon . he was dropped from the motoring show by the bbc on march 25 . clarkson is one of the quiz show 's most frequent guest hosts . last month , jimmy mulville from production company hat trick .
gary saurage , 45 , who runs the gator country wildlife park in beaumont , texas , was called out on monday morning to catch a giant 400lb , 11ft-long alligator from a family 's backyard pond . he appears to looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away .
the white house kitchen garden was full of school children on wednesday afternoon as flotus oversaw a session of planting spinach , broccoli , lettuce , radish and bok choy . the first lady , who wasted no time getting stuck in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie , was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing let 's move initiative .
luxury ski company bramble ski created a private ice bar for guests at one of its chalets in verbier . it cost # 3,700 to hire . it was on standby for two weeks at a cost of # 1400 per day . another haute montagne guest asked for six helicopters to be requisitioned so that a long taxi transfer could be avoided .
khim hang , 22 , displayed his bold collection han with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers . the brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his cambodian heritage and committed to ethical production and looking after his factor workers .
manchester city fans filmed singing a vile song about the munich air disaster . clip shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind away section . it then appears to capture city supporters singing the song . manchester police said they would examine video evidence with both clubs to determine whether further action was necessary .
pj spraggins , 39 , was told his wife tracy would kill her if she did n't get a transplant . the waiting list is seven years long but the next day the couple from birmingham , alabama , were dealt a blow : his blood pressure was too high to perform the operation . after a year of grueling dieting and exercise , pj was given the green light to undergo surgery .
jerusalem has been a magnet for pilgrims devoted to several of the world 's faiths and religions , notably jews , christians and muslims . millions flock to the ancient , religious city every year . but for a small percentage , their excitement induced by their close proximity to holy landmarks invokes a rare condition known as jerusalem syndrome .
nicola sturgeon said nationalists are extending lead threatening to all but wipe out labour north of the border . but ed miliband refused four times to rule out going into power-sharing agreement with snp if its mps hold balance of power for the first time . snp leader used bbc tv debate to offer to ` lock david cameron out of downing street ' .
laura stevens ' photo series ` another november ' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship . the british photographer , 38 , found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up . the title of the series refers not only to the month in which she and her partner separated .
manziel and colleen crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended tuesday night 's texas rangers game . the pair appear to remain very much an item , but crowley has been taking heat on instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems .
the shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the hugely successful ` tell sid ' advertising campaign when british gas was privatised . the rise came after the oil giant royal dutch shell announced plans to buy bg group in a # 47billion deal . news of the deal has driven up the price of shares in bg now owned by people who originally bought brits gas shares in 1986 .
the woman , named only as ms zhao , lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks . husband yin yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making all sorts of stir-fried dishes . he also made about 1,000 dumplings before returning to his regiment in tibet .
the raging blaze , reported shortly after 6pm saturday , was sparked by a cooking stove . the fire along the border of cities norco and corona , 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles . by midday , sunday , fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire , which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles .
nathan baggaley was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on easter friday . the kayker was reportedly disgruntled and allegedly slapped the hand of an officer before walking away . he was taken into custody and charged with assaulting a police officer , resisting police and escaping custody .
the 31-year-old sister of the duchess of cambridge looked chic as ever in a tweedy skirt , black blouse and cropped black blazer . the brunette writer accessorised her look with a black tote , # 159 black pumps by jemima vine and oversized sunglasses .
two-bedroomed terraced house was bulldozed in june 2013 along with the two neighbouring properties . 19a and 19b the lindens in new addington , near croydon , have been completely wiped off the map . neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that took place there .
the super-rich tech enclave in northern california is home to more middle-aged billionaires than anywhere else on the planet . paypal boss peter thiel donated # 2.4 million to de grey 's anti-ageing institute strategies for engineered negligible senescence -lrb- sens -rrb- .
 traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out . commemorations began at sunset on wednesday and were to continue thursday with israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at jerusalem 's yad vashem holocaust memorial , parliament and elsewhere . a beach-goer stands still as a two-minute siren marking holocaust remembrance day is sounded in tel aviv .
qingqing is currently in a critical condition in hospital in eastern china . her mother said : ` we left after our baby girl fell asleep . who knew this would happen ? ' . she and her husband fed their daughter then went to work near their house . when she arrived , a white dog with blood around its mouth came running towards her , she said .
the flashgap app is free for ios and android devices . photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event . all attendees of the event can see this album , and users can only delete photos they took themselves . they can then add friends to the event at any point until the event ends .
jacques lamerde is dressing up cheap , fattening , convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations . one description features a hot pocket as the centerpiece , read : ` hay-baked hot pockets with hidden valley bacon ranch spheres and a puree of zoodles ' fancy .
the two chimpanzees , currently living in a lab at stony brook university , are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus . a representative of the long island university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition by the nonhuman rights project that chimps hercules and leo are ` unlawfully detained ' .
charnelle hughes , 20 , was stood near the bar at the adelphi pub in preston reading a text message when she was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass . the culprit jordan goode , also 20 , had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and had suddenly picked up the glass and threw it randomly . miss hughes had to be rushed to hospital after she started bleeding profusely and was suffering concussion , and at one stage it was feared she
chloe knapton , 21 , had to have surgery after a stranger smashed down her car window while she was sitting in a traffic jam . she was driving home from a night out when she came across a bike lying across the middle of the road . the man then hurled abuse at the girl , before walking up to her with a glass bottle . she has been left with deep cuts to her face , neck and shoulders .
delroy facey , 34 , is alleged to have become involved in the ` ugly side ' of his sport by acting as a middleman for two men who have already been convicted of match-fixing . facey denies conspiracy to commit bribery and is standing trial at birmingham crown court alongside former non-league player moses swaibu .
the body of one migrant , who died on another boat , was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks . stories emerged after more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the mediterranean over the past weekend . a pregnant woman is helped off a boat at the sicilian porto empedocle harbor on monday .
eric coins , who was drinking in the city of sunrise posted the video to youtube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women . the stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as coins tells the man : ` there are people who f ****** die in that uniform ' . in the footage , a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member , a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training . the man apparently says
lauren perry , 25 , had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy . her twins mason and chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean . eight months later when mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus . after the surgery , the young boy went into recovery , but started to go downhill quickly .
harris county sheriff 's officials say ulysses beaudoin , 39 , shot dead his 22-year-old son in katy , texas tuesday night after showing up at the family 's home with his mistress in tow . deputies say the deadly confrontation took place at around 9amm at 6622 gordon drive in the bear creek meadows subdivision .
in the final week of our major good health series on dementia , there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia . in the early stages of the disease bring changes that may be so subtle that some friends and acquaintances are unaware that there is anything wrong . this marks the beginning of the middle stage , the longest stage , which can last for several years .
christopher eccleston has now suggested he quit the show after falling out with bosses over his decision to play the character with a strong northern accent . the 51-year-old actor played the doctor for just 13 episodes during the first series of the show 's revival in 2005 . he proved a huge hit with fans , but only stayed for one run .
peter hamilton heard her cries as he was passing by and desperately tried to free her from her restraints . she told him that her kidnapper was still inside , but had fallen asleep . he is then said to have held the woman for five days , subjecting her to sexual assaults including ` ritualistic actions ' .
ecuador 's leader rafael correa was pictured with his arm around the boy . casually-dressed 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent english . picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks . it is now trending with the hashtag #iamwithstupidmashi .
thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the volksbank in steglitz , berlin , in january 2013 . gang fled the bank with diamonds , gold and silver worth more than # 8.3 m , have never been found . in a case which has strikingly similar traits to the # 60m heist in london .
dmitri kovtun , who is wanted for the dissident 's murder , said he was not involved in mr litvinenko 's death and suggested that he had poisoned himself without knowing it . if he tries to travel to britain , he will have to do so by video link .
the toddler 's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on saturday around 3pm . the child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . he suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital .
journalist gianna toboni traveled to india to explore the country 's booming gestational surrogacy industry . for nearly two years , the producer and host has been reporting on current issues across the globe and has covered everything from the detention center at guantanamo bay to the effect of climate change on polar bears .
colin cromie told xara grogan , 29 , they should jet to barcelona for a break . but when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured . he would also snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be ` abrupt and rude ' . he blamed her for a fall-out with another dental practice .
todd kincannon , 33 , was arrested and booked into the lexington county detention center on monday evening . a bond hearing is scheduled for tuesday . an arrest warrant alleges he grabbed her arm during a march 26 argument in their car , ` squeezing it tightly , thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle ' .
victorino chua , 49 , has given evidence for the first time and denied he tampered with saline bags and ampoules at stepping hill hospital in stockport . chua denies murdering patients tracey arden , 44 , arnold lancaster , 71 and derek weaver , 83 , and deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012 .
the great british bake off presenter tweeted : ` my timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead ... this morning , someone suggested they 'd like to see me burn to death ' . perkins responded to comments by tweeting : ` yawn . a / not up for the job b / could n't imagine anything worse than doing it . off you pop and troll s/one else ' .
the asylum once housed nearly 1,000 patients and expands over 350 metres in length overlooking the town of stafford in the west midlands . it closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments in its place . shattered doors , overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the grade ii listed st george 's county asylum where patients were restrained by means of ` the leather muff , ' ` iron handcuffs ' and ` restraint chair '
the freshmen students from yichuan , shaanxi province took the exam on saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open . the school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space and added that it could be a test of the students ' organizing capacity .
nina anderson searched pawn shops in portsmouth , hampshire , after gold and silver necklaces worth nearly # 400 were taken from her bedroom . great-grandmother , who lives with husband maurice , eventually spotted two of the stolen items in the window of a cash and cheque express in the city centre two months after the raid . her actions , which echo those of agatha christie character miss marple , led to the arrest of burglar martin campbell ,
baby malaja was in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala and her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside around at 4.30 pm thursday . police initially described the incident as an apparent case of road rage . the shooting took place at an intersection near the lake fenwick estates apartment complex in kent , washington .
labour 's liam byrne sent the note to his successor in 2010 . the note has become emblematic of labour 's fiscal irresponsibility in office . he was used by david cameron in the seven-way leaders ' debate . but balls insisted the note admitting labour had blown the nation 's finances .
 porche wright , 27 , was scheduled to appear in court on tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges . the suspect 's friend and neighbors reported seeing wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match . when paramedics arrived at the sacramento home , the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns .
tony abbott said the eu should ` urgently ' follow his lead . he said it was the only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives when a fishing boat capsized on saturday night . mr abbott won power in 2013 on a ` stop the boats ' pledge , and not a single one has breached his ring of steel in 18 months .
the 24-year-old actress has lost two and a half stone over the past year . she is looking so thin that some have questioned whether the actress has taken things too far . one twitter user commented that she thought charlotte was ` far to skinny -lsb- sic -rsb- ' .
carl hendrick , head of learning and research at wellington college , berkshire , attacked ` tidal wave of guff ' in classrooms . ` missives in mediocrity ' often tell pupils to ` live your dream ' and ` be all that you can be ' . cheesy slogans such as ` reach for the stars ' could be detrimental to pupils .
ashy bines mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $ us49 ,500 - ten times it 's real $ usd4950 price . the gold coast training queen apologised to her ` very angry and upset ' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program . ms bines said spots in the program involved her taking ` your body , mind and soul to a 10 % of the price ' .
kenneth wanamaker jr , 37 , pleaded guilty on friday , weeks before a scheduled trial in the northhampton county , pennsylvania , case against him . a dentist had testified the girl 's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health . she had been scheduled for surgery in march but did not have the procedure because her parents did not set up a pre-operation examination .
around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before . but smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent . the cdc report , released on thursday , is based on a national survey of about 22,000 students at middle schools and high schools , both public and private .
bobby flay is said to be offering his soon-to-be ex-wife just $ 5,000 a month . according to tmz , the prenup between the food network star and the law and order : svu actress provides her with the relatively meager sum for five years .
the alligator was reportedly attacked and ate a 100-pound dog at an alabama park in early april . pooch mavis was brought to arlington park in mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip . the alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials .
group working in the north-west has been accused of filming the attacks . one teenager has told greater manchester police he was beaten up by gang . the 19-year-old thought he was meeting a 14-year old girl in a church car park . when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile . he then sent online messages demanding money to keep the film secret .
ricky ricardo chiles iii , 27 , killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the presidential inn & suites in lyon , illinois on thursday . since tuesday , police were looking for him in connection to the killing 40-year-old archie brown jr and 15 year-old rasheed chiles .
photographer hugh owen was put up for auction in cirencester tomorrow . the photos , captured between 1850 and 1855 , have surfaced after being put up . everything from waterfront , city centre and st mary redcliffe church can be seen in the shots , as well as the 14 stars tavern building which was pulled down in 1857 .
the 78 irish travellers , who hail from just four families , had refused to budge despite facing three different courts , a planning inquiry and a council . locals in hardhorn , lancashire , accused the group of trashing their leafy village and branded them the ` neighbours from hell ' .
apple has bought israel-based link computational imaging in a deal reportedly worth $ 20 million -lrb- # 13.5 million -rrb- . linx makes ` multi-aperture ' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology . this technology could be added to the next-generation iphones and ipads . rather than capturing a flat 2d image , the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph
the 39-year-old ethiopian-born stunner fronts vogue paris 's upcoming may issue , before mrs kebede was model rose cordero in march 2010 . in january of this year , british vogue ended a 12-year run of failing to use a single woman of colour on its cover when it gave jourdan dunn the prized accolade .
sophie english was one of thousands of babies born at the height of the vietnam war and adopted by an australian family . there has been very little information to help ms english find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up and for more than 40 years she has had many questions about her heritage . she was finally given a chance to find closure with abc 's foreign correspondent reporter sally sara .
the comic and feminist campaigner recalled an incident at the new york comedy club when she claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart , for a piece she recorded a wage-discrimination-activism video for levo league . silverman has since publicly apologized to martin and revealed she fabricated the story .
jason rezaian , 39 , was detained in july 2014 , but details of the charges had never been released . the washington post journalist is accused of gathering classified information and disseminating propaganda against the islamic republic . her lawyer leila ahsan detailed the four serious offences her client faces , in a decision branded absurd monday by the white house and the newspaper .
finley lamb suffers from a rare brain abnormality periventricular nodular heterotopia - which means many of his ` grey matter ' cells have not migrated to the correct position . the five-year-old amazed mother sara when he took his first steps last year and has continued to defy the odds by starting primary school .
labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in africa in the hope of making it to europe . he also called on the uk to take a ` fare share ' of refugees fleeing civil war . comes amid growing alarm over the number of desperate families risking their lives to escape the raging civil wars in the middle east and north africa .
utah has a wealth of state parks , and at under five square miles , goblin valley is tiny compared to parks such as the nearby 527 square metre canyonlands . but the striking structures and hiking trails winding through this unearthly landscape , make this a popular attraction for tourists visiting western america .
the edwardian-style building and shopfront on brunswick street in fitzroy was once owned by wei tang . the brothel , formerly known as club 417 , has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa , as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room . it has been listed for sale through barry plant real estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses including a ` business , bar , restaurant , student accommodation and any number of
ranulfo perez , 48 , was arrested by police after he allegedly groped the breasts of a 16-year-old girl outside a toys r us store as she was shown round with her tour group . he was later released by the manhattan district attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was him .
the rosehall estate near inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings . it was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by hugh ` bendor ' grosvenor . the house has not been lived in for more than 60 years and is now in a dilapidated state .
the body of charmain adusah , 41 , was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days . her husband , eric isaiah adus ah , a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher , was alleged to have left the hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died .
leroy j. toppins went missing on friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in washington court house , ohio . his body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry , a short distance from where he was last seen , local network nbc 4 .
people who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13 % higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce . it means an extra # 2,100 a year -- # 17,800 rather than # 15,700 -- to anyone who has kept their marriage intact . debt of a divorced retiree averages # 22,100 , prudential 's report said .
labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ` lips ' of the vagina - have risen five-fold in the past 10 years . this is done by cutting away the ` excess ' skin with a scalpel , or possibly a laser , and stitching up the loose edge with dissolvable stitches . experts at the royal college of obstetricians and gynaecologists at the world congress in brisbane have called for more research to try and better understand women 's motivations
indian creek island road 's median house price is $ 21.48 million , according to forbes . its 86 residents include four of america 's top 500 richest people . island is patrolled 24 hours a day on boats and jet skis . the island has its own police force which guards all of the amenities .
the tiny montana outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver . but it was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later . local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents , with visitors saying they heard music and laughter , even in winter . now the u.s. bureau of land management is offering free food , housing a job to people willing to live in garnet and work as a tour operator .
harrypers bazaar magazine has published an extract from the star 's book selfish . she changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist . kim has a chef who comes in the morning and cooks breakfast for both of us and gets our meal plans together for the day .
hannah overton , 37 , wiped back tears as she , along with her husband larry and five children , celebrated news that after having her conviction overturned for poisoning her son , andrew burd , with an overdose of salt . prosecutors have dropped all charges against her and will no longer be looking into her case . throughout her incarceration , her family stood by her and protested her innocence , but nueces county district attorney mark skurka had said shortly after she was released that he would push again
teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they attempt to find instant stardom on itv talent show . as a result , for the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the uk for the new series . the move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools on the days of auditions .
the 6ft vessel held together long enough for the men to set up their rods . but they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off jaywick , essex . the diy boat used by a pair of fisherman , who had to be rescued by a lifeboat crew .
christy turlington burns , 46 , suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter grace , now 11 . the former supermodel , who is mother to daughter grace and son finn , eight , had just given birth to grace in 2003 when she was struck with a post-partum haemorrhage .
daniel p. finney , 39 , ignored that at 563lbs he was severely overweight - even shrugging off strangers who called him ` fatty ' as he walked down the street . after a series of health issues , the 39-year-old became inspired to shed more than half of his body weight the natural way and chronicle his journey for the des moines register .
deputy prime minister said he would not allow the lib dems to prop up david cameron in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash # 12billion from the benefits bill . he also suggested he would veto a new deal unless the tories agreed new taxes on the rich .
the 34-year-old beauty , who has announced she 's retiring from the runway , was seen walking for colcci during so paulo fashion week . the mother-of-two , who is married to nfl quarterback tom brady , has said she wants to spend more time with her family .
investigators say the location the bar was found - somewhere in south florida - has provided them with a big break in the case . justin e fleck , supervisory special agent of the squad leading the investigation , said : ` we believe that additional gold bars from the robbery may still be in southflorida and we continue to need the public 's help in solving this crime ' .
leah williamson stood up , a player for arsenal ladies but virtually anonymous in wider conversations about football . the england captain handed her side a crucial 2-2 draw against norway . she found out on wednesday that england would have to visit the seaview stadium in belfast for a single penalty .
alan greaves , from colne , lancashire , jailed for 21 months for child abuse . the illuminati , who has children aged around 30 to two , claimed images were ` disseminates ' such material and that is how images ended up on his computer . judge simon newell said there appeared to be sexually-explicit images of females aged just 10 .
david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday in nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on saturday . he is a former longtime manchester city alderman . he also has an elected seat on the manchester school board , according to the boston globe .
chris appleton , who has been working with natural brunette rita , 24 , for the past two years , confessed to daily mail online that her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of work and ` maintenance ' . ` we 've managed to get the timing perfect so that she 's not coloring it all the time , ' he said .
angela maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift preparing meals . the 67-year-old was seen arriving at coningsby community hall in lincolnshire . asked what they planned to do with the money last week the couple . said they would buy a minibus for pensioners in the community . otherwise they intended to carry on as normal , they said .
the ss city of cairo was travelling from bombay to england in 1942 . it was torpedoed by a u-boat 480 miles south of st helena . it took 100 tons of rupees with it to the bottom of the ocean . some coins raised to the surface during pioneering recovery project .
the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police . many of the protesters cited the deaths of eric garner in staten island and walter scott in south carolina . the protesters marched from manhattan 's union square and across the brooklyn bridge where they partially blocked traffic .
jason lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to ` shut the f *** up ' so her friends in the next room would not hear . the assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ` hysterical ' state she was unable to talk . lee walked hand in hand with his wife alicia into new york suffolk county court on wednesday .
students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses . at the same time foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average . the study will rankle with the increasing number calling for the legislation of cannabis around the world .
a new channel 4 series shines a light on the uk 's billion-pound supercar industry . some of the best salespeople can turn over millions of pounds of profit every year . experts say more and more women are coming into the showroom . a standard supercar can cost around # 250,000 , with the exterior paint alone costing up to # 10,000 .
former president of board of deputies of british jews has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes . he has fought tirelessly for the return of jewish assets held in swiss banks by the nazis , and was made a life peer on his retirement from the commons in recognition of his achievements in public life .
violeta tupuola , who lives near canberra , has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge sweeping social media of placing the opening of any narrow vessel over their mouth . in an attempt to emulate kylie jenner 's bee-stung pout , violeta got the shock of her life when she removed the shot glass and suddenly had such protruding lips that social media users have compared her to a duck .
little stella schaefer is being cared for by heather mack , 19 , who allegedly murdered her socialite mother sheila von wiese-mack in a plush bali hotel last august . while stella was being looked after by a friend outside the court today , a blanket fell away , revealing the child 's face to the world for the first time .
uk researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago . they found the heat near the impact site in mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material . a heat pulse lasted less than a minute , too short to set plants alight . when the six-mile-wide -lrb- 200km -rrb- wide . chicxulub crater buried underneath the yucatn peninsula in me .
natasha hope-simpson received weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space . she said she felt flattered that someone mistook her for someone who could walk normally . the next time you park here i will forward the video 's to police with your license plate number .
mr yuan was involved in the accident on march 24 and has been in hospital ever since . none of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him . the women discovered his secret after doctors contacted all of them to let them know he was injured .
the lamborghini gallardo crashed into a tree in beaumont leys , leicestershire . it also lost a wheel which came flying off , missing a child and her grandfather . the young man , who has not been identified , is said to have laughed and told onlookers it did not matter the 202mph supercar was a write-off because he would ` buy another one tomorrow ' .
the unidentified newark resident , 22 , said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper , whose real name is earl simmons , while at an exxon station on sunday . the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with dmx about rap music around 12.30 am , according to nj.com . dmx was scheduled to perform on saturday night at the master of ceremony concert at the new jersey performing arts center .
the unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a cambridge-based tour operator ahead of pacino 's three-city speaking tour in the uk and ireland . the 74-year-old actor , who has made millions over an illustrious career spanning six decades , is drawing criticism for the pricey promotion .
two people treated at scene by paramedics following crash in goodge street . mercedes , believed to have been operated as a minicab , became wedged . it caused significant disruption for traffic in central london . two routemasters - dubbed ` boris buses ' - were hit hard enough .
corey edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect . he endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life . his greatest wish was for his parents jemma , 21 , and craig , 28 , to tie the knot . but despite getting engaged three years ago , his ill health put their plans on hold . staff at bristol children 's hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside .
thief scaled two-storey antique market before breaking into rooftop vent . picked three sets of locks and crawled on floor ` like a snake ' to avoid infrared beams . stole 124 rare timepieces before climbing back up shaft and escaping . eight-minute raid likened to mission impossible film , took place at vintage watch store .
the karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday 's incident 18 miles from ardglass on the south-east shore of northern ireland and the vessel was badly damaged . the damage is thought to have been caused by a russian submarine . the 60-foot boat 's captain paul murphy was pictured holding a snapped steel cable on board his boat .
rodney stover , 48 , was arraigned on thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday 's attack at a manhattan bar . the dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the k through 12 churchill school for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $ 27,000 per year .
sharon edwards , 55 , was last seen on march 14 in grafton , nsw . her students at coutts crossing public school on the nsw north coast hold on to the hope the mother-of-three will turn up to school again one day . investigators , including forensic officers and the dog squad , returned to her home with a crime scene warrant .
kero-tv reports 23-year-old justin whittington of bakersfield , california was taken into custody on thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online . the relationship between the toddler has not yet been revealed by police .
the 50-year-old food network standout is ` heartbroken ' about the split and his wife is ` mighty unhappy ' with the prenup . also on friday the new york daily news claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with mad men star january jones in 2010 .
two 49-year-old women and man were removed from the plane just before it left bristol for faro around 7pm yesterday . ryanair flight took off without three booked passengers bound for the algarve . the airline requested the delayed passengers board the flight in anticipation of the air traffic slot time improving .
jamar nicholson , 15 , and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 when two police officers approached the boys with their guns drawn . the la times reports that one of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire .
andrea bradley , 28 , and glen bates , 32 , have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter last month . the child had been badly beaten and had bruises , belt marks and bite marks , he said . the baby had over 100 wounds to her body total .
detectives have released a cctv image of a woman they want to trace . the woman collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes . passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage of the drama , reaching into the woman 's handbag and stealing # 60 cash .
the director of television wants the long-running sci-fi series to be turned into a movie to capitalise on its worldwide success . but the emails show doctor who 's creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation , despite pressure from sony and bbc worldwide .
edwin mee , 46 , is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an army careers centre in croydon , south london . the scottish officer allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between october 2010 and september 2011 . he branded one alleged victim - who says she became pregnant after he raped her - a ` time waster ' and a liar .
irish tourist patrick lyttle , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother , barry in kings cross in sydney 's inner-city on january 3 . his elder brother was charged with recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . but prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that lyttle agreed to plead guilty .
mandi l. walkley , 39 , and jacob m. austin , 52 , were in the dungeness bay , where swells were as high as 3ft , for one to two hours before they could be rescued by the coast guard . both passed away after they were transported to nearby hospitals .
police were making final security checks outside st. mary 's hospital in paddington today as the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child approaches . with kate 's due date is just over three days away , officers were out in force , pulling lamp posts apart as they scoured the area for anything troubling . growing group of royal fans , many of whom had set up camp on a set of benches and decorated the area with posters and bunting .
jeff mccubbery , 72 , from mandurang and ian bullock , 65 , from blackburn devised the plan for captain cootie cards over twenty years ago . the pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards , coffee mugs , stubby-holders and calendars . their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to .
the high there ! app is described as the world 's first global social network of cannabis enthusiasts . users share their interests -lrb- and energy levels when using cannabis -rrb- as part of their profile . the app quickly became popular in new york , california and colorado , with 41,000 downloads in the first six weeks .
 brass desk lamp used by florence nightingale to be sold at auction . it was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants . dating back to 1840 , the 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at hansons in etwall , derbyshire , on june 26 .
lance futch donned a white wrinkled polo shirt and drove to hill air force base in utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs in the infinitely abundant field of solar energy . instead , futch was sat at a table with obama , utah senator orrin hatch , congressman rob bishop , and salt lake city mayor ralph becker .
trade was taking place between east asia and the new world hundreds of years before christopher columbus arrived in 1492 . discovery was made after archaeologists found what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle , dating to around a.d. 600 . bronze-working had not been developed at this time in alaska , and researchers instead believe the artefacts were created in china , korea or yakutia .
jondrew lachaux , 39 , and kellie phillips , 38 , turned themselves in after the three children were found , north las vegas police said . they have been arrested and face child abuse charges . a teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge . the case first unraveled on april 1 when the teen was seen at mccarran international airport with a very sick baby .
claire , emily , christine and lily vincenti were taken from their italian home by their mother , which sparked an ugly dispute that included claims of kidnapping . their mother laura garrett , had australian passports made for the girls and fled to australia . she claimed she had to escape her abusive partner , tomasso vcenti .
residents from fairdale , an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of chicago , were told they could return to their homes on saturday to salvage what they could . but buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on thursday night . officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in town are completely destroyed , while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way .
abubaker deghayes has left his home in brighton to bring his son home . the 46-year-old has been fighting for jabhat al-nusra , a group affiliated with al-qaeda . he has not been in contact with his father , who is also in syria .
the queen awards a victoria cross to lance corporal joshua leakey . she said : ` did you ever imagine you 'd be standing here ? well done ' . but in fact the 27-year-old is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour .
the measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels . it also would n't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph , in case the hand-dryer manufacturer does n't label the decibel level .
victoria ayling made the comments after being confronted by her local party . after saying it was because she had spent ` five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in afghanistan ' , lieutenant colonel ron shepherd launched an investigation . mrs ayling denies that is the case .
austin west , 4 , passed away last saturday after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family 's home in gastonia . when he attempted to launch a gofundme campaign to raise money to cover his grandson 's final expenses , he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy 's name on the site .
boy 's mother frantically tried to open the door when keys were locked inside . she grew increasingly distressed as the car became hotter - with no fresh air inside . incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8 c at st james 's park in london . baby 's father said there had been a fault with the range rover 's automatic locking system .
the 86-year-old 's announcement came after he infuriated his daughter marine , 46 , with a series of racist and anti-semitic remarks last week . mr le pen had repeated his claim that the holocaust - in which the nazis murdered six million jews - was ` a detail of history ' .
ashley graham , 27 , says she 's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14 . now in her late 20s , the nebraska native has made a career of flaunting her voluptuous curves , becoming a regular in plus-size retailer lane bryant 's ads .
the savage animals tumbled down a snowy iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below during the vicious struggle . wildlife photographer einar gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera . he had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling . after emerging into the bitter sub-zero temperatures , he spotted a female and male fox copulating .
edwin ` jock ' mee , 45 , allegedly targeted 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 . he ` kept ' to himself so he could sexually abuse them . many of his vulnerable victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands . one of the women fell pregnant when mee raped her in a locked waiting room .
a state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the central valley and to millions of residents as far south as san diego . delta farmers do n't deny using as much water as they need . but they say they 're not stealing it because their history of living at the water 's edge gives them that right .
the unnamed woman , whose email was shared by a recipient yesterday on reddit , demands a $ 63.99 water table from walmart , a $ 19.99 play tent and a $ 7.99 cheerios book . she even goes as far as to require that her guests include a receipt with their gifts so that she can get the full value back if she needs to return them . the invite reads : ` when we return items without receipts , we only get about 50 % of the value , so
maurice thibaux , 67 , caused quite a stir at sunday night 's opening show held at the carriageworks in eveleigh , sydney 's inner city . the french native crashed the stage to make a complaint about the noise , which he claims was ` similar to a jumbo jet taking off over your head ' .
the divorce petition was filed in late february in tarrant county , texas , where hamilton played five seasons with the texas rangers before moving to la . hamilton , 33 , married his wife katie in 2004 . the petition does n't detail the reasons for the split and only cites ` conflict ' .
the state-run cubadebate website says castro greeted a group of venezuelans visiting the capital of havana . on friday published four images that show castro sitting inside a bus , each with a different person stretching an arm through the window to shake his hand . the meetings , with photos taken inside castro 's bus , are the former president 's first public appearance since january 2014 .
the couple , who married a decade ago at the windsor guildhall , are spending their anniversary privately at birkhall in deeside . the new image , which is the work of top photographer oliver dann , was taken in the run-up to last month 's visit to the u.s .
the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on april 16 last year with most of the victims , high school students . thousands of protesters met in the capital seoul to call on officials to raise the sewol after senior government officials said they would ` consider it ' .
brian klawiter posted a message on his company 's facebook page on tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business . ` homosexuality is wrong , period . if you want to argue this fact with me then i will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works . ' .
roxy wallace , 50 , was a bodyguard called bob , who lived a reclusive life , plagued by depression . the long-term condition was caused by bob 's belief that he had been born into the wrong body , a turmoil which made it impossible to have a meaningful relationship with his son william .
larry upright hated hillary so much she made it into his obituary asked two things of friends and family : instead of sending flowers for the funeral , give the money to charity . and do n't vote for hillary rodham clinton in 2016 . upright 's daughter , jill mclain , said the rock-ribbed republican was passionate about politics .
viv nicholson , who died on saturday aged 79 , is an exuberant lesson in what happens when you ignore all the advice and just blow the lot . when viv , a cake-factory worker from castleford in yorkshire , and her coal miner husband keith won # 152,319 , 18 shillings and 8d on the littlewoods pools in 1961 . throwing her arms wide open towards the assembled press in the plush surroundings of the grosvenor house
police have swarmed over three bedroom leeton home where stephanie scott 's accused killer , high school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , lived with his mother anika and elder brother luke . in a rare scene of frantic activity on this peaceful suburban street , home to families and pensioners , investigators clad in blue forensic overalls heaped bags of evidence out the back of the property . detectives had first arrived at the property on wednesday night speaking to two occupants before m
tibor racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle , north of sydney , on sunday night when they were attacked . vision of the disturbing attack showed mr racsats being dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head .
johnny manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on january 28 and stating that he wanted to ` be a better family member , friend and teammate ' . this as many are still wondering what future the highly touted athlete will have in the nfl . this after he 's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last july , with some worried his drinking was a priority .
heidi bretscher 's troubles began around mile 17 of the rock n ' roll raleigh marathon that took place earlier this month . the 28-year-old runner was so far ahead of the pack it was n't clear to her which way she was meant to go . she found a police officer who gave her a ride back to mile 17 .
paul tudor jones ii bought the casa apava estate in palm beach last week . the mediterranean-style seven-bedroom , 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access . the hefty purchase came days after jones warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out ted talk in canada in march .
richard kerr , 53 , said he was one of three youngsters taken from the home in belfast to london in the 1970s . once in the capital , they were allegedly molested by politicians and other establishment figures at dolphin square and elm guest house . his account provides the first clear link between three alleged major vip paedophile rings that operated in london and northern ireland .
customs officials at domodedovo airport electronically scanned a 27kg bag belonging to a female passenger who had flown from indonesia via qatar . officials also found 55 snakes , 35 lizards , seven turtles , six lemurs , two monkeys and a suspected leopard cub . the woman , held in detention pending a decision on any charges .
the chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank after hitting an iceberg on its maiden voyage in 1912 . it was found bobbing on the surface of the atlantic by the crew of the mackay-bennett , who were sent to recover the bodies of the victims after the tragedy . log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in halifax , nova scotia .
staffordshire terrier izzy bit a woman in august 2012 after escaping from her owner 's backyard in the basin , east melbourne , victoria . lawyers for victorian woman tania isbester appealed to the high court . this is the first time a dog on death row is having its case heard in australia 's highest court .
bob heslip , 50 , suffers from neurofibromatosis type 1 , or nf-1 , which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body . however , he says he feels comfortable in his skin for the first time in his life now that he has joined the venice beach freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady and america 's smallest couple .
kyle schwartz devised a lesson plan last month , which has spread to classrooms across the nation via twitter . she has been a teacher for three years , and says that many of her students at doull elementary school come from underprivileged backgrounds , with 92 per cent of the student body qualifying for free or reduced lunch .
the prince is pictured taking part in exercises with royal australian artillery troops in darwin . harry 's participation follows his visit to the remote kununurra region of western australia where he met village elders and children . at the end of the exercises in the northern territory , prince harry will hang up his fatigues and , after attending official functions in perth and sydney .
the list was sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol . alice tatlow was also banned from every birmingham boozer for being ` drunk and disorderly ' . publicans were told they could recognise her by a tattoo of the prince of wales ' feathers . mary bayliss was one of the many respectable-looking women barred from drinking in birmingham after being found drunk .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court . the pair 's lawyers sought a constitutional court review to make clear the president 's obligations . they also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals .
professor ninian peckitt , 63 , claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture when he hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head . the patient , known as patient a , had come to ipswich hospital in february 2012 after an industrial accident and been operated on by prof peckitt"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
 lobster pound and moore in cape breton , nova scotia , had posted ` effective as of now , we will no longer allow small screaming children ' . the message , posted last sunday night , was deleted by monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents .
judy murray and his new bride had their first dance on saturday night . they left the newlyweds to the floor at their reception in cromlix house hotel . the couple had their wedding at dunblane cathedral in the afternoon . judy 's mother shirley erskine says she is ` terrible ' at dancing .
charles kingham , 86 , and pauline moore , 68 , bought their home in mablethorpe for # 35,000 in 1987 . they spent two years converting it into their dream home , but it became a ` living hell ' after it was converted into an integrated offender management centre . mr kingham ran his own timber company before retiring .
summer elbardissy was partying at the beta theta pi fraternity house at wesleyan university in middletown , connecticut , last year when she tried to reach a makeshift roof deck . instead of making it onto the deck , she fell out of a third-story window . moments later , another teenager heard what ` sounded like a thud hitting the ground ' . she was discovered lying unconscious on the floor , with her face covered in blood .
kim kardashian , 34 , and her husband , rapper kanye west , 37 , were seen dining in a non-k283 restaurant in the holy land on monday . following the outing , mr barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his twitter page , writing that he had joined kanye and kim ` to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city ' . however , the next day , only kim , meanwhile , was obscured by a copy
apple has revealed it will only accept online orders for its much-anticipated watch which goes on sale on the 24th april . the firm will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow at its retail stores . from tomorrow morning , customers will be able to preorder their watch online , april 10 , 2015 , comes with a choice of watch case , band and sizeplanet there are 54 possible configurations in all . if you know the specific configuration you want , you 're
superyacht owners or charter clients are n't content to just sip margaritas in the sun or watch films in their on-board cinemas . they spare no expense or detail when they throw extravagant parties and they go to great lengths to one-up fellow members of the world 's one per cent or impress their celebrity guests .
prime minister said tories would offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1.3 million families in housing association properties to buy their home . national housing federation said subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties . chartered institute of housing said move would do nothing to tackle the housing crisis .
russell henley was en route to the master 's golf tournament in georgia . the professional golfer tweeted his frustration to united airlines . the model flew into a rage when her suitcases were not loaded onto her plane and demanded captain find them and personally show them to her . naomi campbell was quick to thank the airline and even apologised ` for the mix-up ' .
the ch-53e super stallion landed on the shore of this northern san diego county town shortly after 11:30 am after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit . the 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores . it crouched on the sand below a bluff and only a few yards from the surf line , dwarfing surfboard-topped lifeguard vehicles parked nearby .
three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale , on wednesday afternoon . a 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter . the affected stretch of the highway has been closed off . a man has also suffered hand lacerations and two females escaped injuries .
researchers at new york university have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'em otionally neutral events ' . this is because emotion affects activity in certain brain regions , like 9/11 , better than we remember neutral events , like a lunch date .
the world 's best golfers gathered on the eve of the masters on thursday to take on a nine-hole course , often with their wives , girlfriends or kids as caddies . it seemed that golf wag and u.s. skier lindsey vonn appeared to be the only caddie to have opted out of the bland , white jumpsuit uniform .
more than 2,200 walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for ` extensive ' plumbing repairs . workers at two texas stores , as well as in california , florida and oklahoma , were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs . almost 550 people lost their job at the pico rivera store alone .
two-deck vessel ` flipped ' after a commercial ship was spotted and men on the deck ran to one side . sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea . hundreds of terrified women and children sheltering from the cold in the hull were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down .
jrg dsterwald , 49 , has been actively producing body art projects for the last 20 years . his work has featured in several art magazines and in 2008 he was awarded the german brush-painting champion at a national competition . he places the model next to a tree half-painted and adds the details to make her blend into the environment .
just 8p in every # 10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research . the outlay on stroke research is little better , with 19p allocated from each # 10 . the amount spent by the government and charities studying dementia and strokes is ` still way too low ' . just 11 per cent of research funding was allocated to dementia .
colin kay was driving his citroen picasso in lancashire last year . the 72-year-old driver had fitted a camera to his dashboard and revealed how he had no time to react and avoid the crash . the doctor driving the toyota also had to be cut from her vehicle and was taken to the royal preston hospital by air ambulance .
from private islands and aston martins to castles and 75ft yachts , travelmail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire - no six-figure salary necessary . if you know where to look , how to shop and when to book you can save thousands of pounds on exclusive travel deals .
conchita van der waal , 46 , worked at the central bank of the netherlands for eight years . she has also been offering her sexual services at more than # 300 an hour . she advises prospective clients : ` i have a challenging career in international finance . it takes me to many places - mainly western europe and america ' .
the 34page contract for a year was signed between columbia 's department of national planning , and windrush no 3 lp , an arm of mr blair 's business network . it also boasts that tony blair associates outperforms rival consultancy firms because it works with ` founders of deliverology ' .
scottish nationalists threatened to paralyse uk government by blocking ` any bit of spending ' they do not agree with . threat came as angela eagle revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung parliament . but snp forecast to hold balance of power with 50 or more mps .
the two four-year pilot culls in somerset and gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them . animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said the bva 's ongoing support for cage-trapping and shooting was ` regrettable ' .
dr mark porter , head of the british medical association , said whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges . all three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the nhs should be free at the point of use . critics will say that if gps had not enjoyed such enormous pay rises over the past decade , there would be much more money around .
charlie macdonald lost eight years ago at the hands of his conman lover . gareth met glen rycroft , 37 , of salford , manchester , in a gay online chat room . he conned gareth out of thousands of pounds and when his lover finally got wind of his theft and deceit and threatened to go to the police , he murdered him .
the 29-year-old seemed in high spirits as she was seen laughing and joking with friend , irene forte , at the launch party for new london restaurant , the ivy chelsea garden . she paired the outfit with tan woven ankle heels and carried a croc-print clutch bag in a similar shade .
the app , called eaze , has been dubbed ` uber for weed ' and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver . the californian start-up , which is rumoured to be backed by rapper snoop dogg , has just raised $ 10 million -lrb- # 6.7 million -rrb- so that users can ` find the perfect medicine ' in more states . the sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is
andrea trunfio , 36 , and mario bretti , 64 , ` tried to muscle in on mr bretti 's patch ' . pair clashed as they drove their vans away from the site on a scorching day in july last year . the incident took place around the new ridgeway farm housing development on july 22 .
the monster vegetable , which weighs more than a three-year-old child , is so big it had been nicknamed the ` fat little girl ' in the village where it was grown . mr li claimed the specimen , which had been grown naturally without the help of any fertilizers , had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral .
former scottish secretary said talking up threat posed by snp was ` short-term and dangerous ' . stark warning came as john major launched stinging attack on threat posed . snp leader nicola sturgeon included massive spending increases , new taxes , more welfare and the end of britain 's nuclear deterrent .
adam leheup , 34 , allegedly insisted on having sex with the 25-year-old woman . he met the woman on july 9 , 2013 after arranging to meet on the ` let 's date ' app . they arranged to meet under the clock on waterloo station before crossing the bridge over to the embankment where they went to gordon 's wine bar .
leaj jarvis price was reportedly gunned down by her marine veteran husband , eric heath price , in an alabama doctor 's office on monday . she ran into the surgery in jemison screaming ` call the police ' . price then returned to their nearby home and staged a standoff with around 40 police officers for several hours . when police fired tear gas into the house , he came outside . he was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head . his
jason lee , 38 , was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife . lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $ 100,000 bail . he has opted for a non-jury trial before suffolk county court judge barbara kahn .
hilary mantel 's award-winning second novel bring up the bodies has been renamed for the american stage . the booker prize-winner has been reworking mike poulton 's stage version . it has also cut ' a lot of repetition ' to create a tighter , better play .
yaphank , in the 1930s , appeared as a haven for americans -- most of them of german heritage -- who sympathized with the causes of the third reich . in fact , it was largely founded as a nazi camp , one of several scattered across the u.s. , where the children in the german american bund could fish , swim , hunt and learn about things like eugenics . today , yaphank is still a town on long island , though
denise fedyszyn , from holmfirth , west yorkshire , tipped scales at 20 stone 4lb . wore dress size 26 when she was left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters anya and isla . after just 12 months , denise has shed half her bodyweight and now weighs in at a little more than 10 stone .
the prime minister 's wife showed her support of uk business by sporting a thoroughly british outfit at the conservative party 's manifesto launch in swindon . wearing a simple but elegant # 185 emerald green wrap dress by london-based designer the fold , mrs cameron looked every inch the first lady of britain politics .
a # 5 bottle has suddenly become # 12 because the wine has lingered in an oak barrel before bottling . when i read this week about a new gadget that claims to be able to ` oak age ' wine in hours rather than years , my curiosity was seriously roused . it retails at # 50 , is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur joel paglione . growing up on his parents ' vineyard in canada , joel became fascinated by the process of
west coast railways has been suspended from operating following the ` most serious ' case of a near collision so far this year . services by west coast railways have been suspended following the incident on march 7 in which a train failed to stop at a signal . the nationwide ban by network rail is the first since privatisation , indicating the gravity of the incident .
bilal skaf was attacked by three other inmates in the yard of goulburn correctional centre on friday . the 33-year-old inmate sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day . he was the leader of the rape gang which terrorised sydney teenage girls on a four-week rampage of raping australian women and teenage girls .
the driver , known as salim , is alleged to have assaulted the 20-year-old woman . the man , from todabhim in karauli district of rajasthan , is being held in custody . he was arrested under section 354 of ipc -lrb- indian penal code -rrb- .
brandy savelle and tony gervasi had caesar for two years and were trying to teach him to an outside animal . when caesar went missing from their home in ispheming , michigan , the family tried to find him , and followed some tracks in the soft grass .
thrones actor jason momoa demanded the state and university of hawaii stop construction of a new $ 1.4 billion telescope on sacred land . dozens of protesters were arrested on thursday at the mauna kea site , a mountain burial ground said to be visited by the snow goddess poli'ahu and a native hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction .
cyril smith took the party whip for four years in parliament and was feted as a lib-dem grandee in the years before he died . he claimed the obese sexual predator did not belong to the liberal democrats at the time he was abusing scores of young boys . he insisted there would be no inquiry despite revelations in saturday 's daily mail that the liberal party offered hush money equivalent to a month 's wages to an activist .
brisbane 's anglican archbishop has supported calls for queensland 's controversial ` gay panic ' homicide defence to be scrapped . the defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim ` came on ' to them , and the killing was in self-defence . dr aspinall also appealed to those who resorted to violence at recent anti-islam rallies .
yulia tarbath , 33 , who is originally from surrey but moved to bali with her husband paul in 2009 , led a raw vegan diet . took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone after giving both to daughter elaine , who weighed a healthy 7lb 5oz when born .
pew research center survey found that 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 24 % admit they are online constantly . household incomes can influence which social network children use . that includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24 percent who say they are connected to the internet and social networks ` almost constantly ' .
google has released an update to its android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice . known as trusted voice , it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say ` ok , google ' . the voice unlock feature has not been officially announced by google , but has begun to appear on some android handsets .
quincy hazel and sabrina golden-hazel , both 44 , have been charged with child neglect after two of their children told investigators they had been locked in a closet for days on end . hazel told police that the family has 11 children but that the 17 - and 12-year-old were the only two subjected to the cruel treatment , the sun sentinel reported .
the 43-year-old mother-of-one discussed an australian father 's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday 's show . the clip of his son drifting off has since received more than 1.7 million views .
clair schuler used to live on galveston island , texas gulf coast and went by the name of dorothy in the early 2000s . schuler said durst was ` very infatuated with the drag queens that performed , and their hair and their make-up ' . durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts .
the population was deemed healthy in hundreds of the northern european fisheries analysed and experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species . consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s , but the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006 .
luke shambrook has been going to the candlebark campground at lake eildon national park , northeast of melbourne , since he was just one year old . the 11-year-old was found peering out from behind trees before a uniformed police officer reached him and took his hand to reassure him he was safe . his parents say the communities prayers and luke 's own resilience is what saw him survive the terrifying ordeal .
more than a third of owners wanted their dog to have a short , low-maintenance coat , while a similar proportion favoured soft , floppy ears . almost half said their ideal dog would be ` standard-sized ' like a collie , compared with 36 per cent who preferred smaller lap dogs such as chihuahuas .
ukip 's education spokesman appeared in party 's manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses holding a book called ` british rebels and reformers ' . the vintage hardback is listed on amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book from 1942 . the mep joked that the photoshop allegations were not true .
madison small , from ashburn , left school early on mondayand , after she woke up in the night with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital . by tuesday afternoon , her father , tim small , had contacted the broad run high school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . on friday , the loudoun county health department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis , which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell .
in 1982 , hollywood-born chanteuse charlene had a surprise worldwide hit with i 've never been to me . she sang , ` and showed 'em what i got ... ' -lrb- actually , when the song became a hit she was in straitened financial circumstances and working in a sweetshop in ilford , essex . do n't take this the wrong way , america , but is there anybody in your country with a geography o-level to their name
oliver pareece jones , 37 , was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the four points sheraton hotel on april 5 at 6.26 am . he then withdrew $ 800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a walmart in rancho cucamonga , teresa mcmahon , spokeswoman for the san bernardino county sheriff 's department told daily mail online . after he left the store , he withdrew another $ 100 in cash
iona costello , 51 , and her 14-year-old daughter emily were going into the city when they were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan . relatives have filed a missing person report after emily did not return to her east hampton school from spring break .
kelli jo bauer , 45 , was arrested at her kansas city home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes . she is accused of showing officers clothes , many with tags still on them -- hanging on a rack and folded on a bed in an upstairs bedroom , according to documents filed in johnson county district court .
 chlorine gas carried by favourable winds over flanders fields from german positions . it was april 22 , 1915 . the chlorine seeped into body fluids and ate away at eyes , throat and lungs . some 1,200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack .
karen buckley vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend . about 300 people - including the 24-year-old 's mother and father marian and john , attended a memorial at glasgow 's george square today . a man has been arrested in connection with miss buckley 's death .
phil haste , 60 , was told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car . the businessman is now refusing to pay the fine that was issued in a torbay council car park . mr haste , who lives in torquay , said it was a ` diabolical ' decision to fine him .
secretary of state john kerry said washington would not accept foreign interference in the country in a direct criticism of tehran 's backing of shiite houthi fighters . comes as a saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in yemen at the start of a third week of bombing .
hengshui no. 2 middle school is an ` exemplary school ' in hebei province . with nearly 10,000 pupils and more than 500 teachers , the boarding school is well-known for its outstanding academic achievement . a large number of the school 's pupils are admitted by top universities every year .
council inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at steer inn in wilberfoss . owner david crossfield admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations . inspectors found food in kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption . raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items posing a serious risk of cross contamination .
geoff johnson and his younger sister jennifer mcshea have returned to the home in omaha , nebraska - and nothing has changed . when their mother passed away following a 12-year battle with breast cancer in 2013 , the house was handed to them . geoff , 37 , had visited his mother but only stood outside before picking her up to spend time elsewhere .
the poncho originated as a rather humble garment worn by south american tribes and later featured on the back of clint eastwood in the spaghetti westerns . but sales of a designer-label version carrying a personal monogram and costing more than # 1,000 have been central to a sales boom .
the new policy allows for an american traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the u.s. transportation security administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list . in some cases , the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns .
from bargain bath mats and kitchen utensils to fun knick-knacks like silly straws and children 's stick-on jewellery , hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals , plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases . a recent study of four major discount retailers in the united states by the ecology centre found 133 out of 164 products tested .
the motorway officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the m5 . they then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open . the vehicle narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway and the two officers got into their patrol car to give chase .
the 58-year-old actress , who took a leave of absence from broadway play ` fish in the dark ' earlier this month , shared the news through a statement published by people magazine . following her announcement , famous friends passed on their best wishes to the actress as katie couric wrote : ` sending the wonderful rita wilson my love and best wishes for a speedy recovery and good health ' .
arthur baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30 am on friday on a residential street in south-eastern d.c. he has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property . baldwin 's arrest comes two days after a high-ranking supervisor was also put on leave after he was accused of misconduct .
margaret penny was murdered in a hair salon in portland , victoria on may 3 , 1991 . she also brutally murdered at old london coiffure hairdressers . the 83-year-old has spoken out since he briefly appeared at melbourne magistrates court on monday .
mary murphy , 66 , is thought to have tried to grab hold of john wood , 67 . he stumbled at the top of the stairs , but slipped herself and the pair fell . their bodies were found by paramedics on wednesday in hallway . police initially thought deaths may be suspicious , but after investigating they believe it was a ` bizarre and tragic ' accident .
the mummy , thought to date back to 1100 ad , was found wrapped in rope and dumped inside the box in front of an archaeological dig in the city of trujillo . it is thought to have been stolen from the archaeological site known as chan chan which was the capital of the chimu empire .
blunder believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break . instead they continued past unmanned marshall point and had to run for three kilometres . other 900 runners followed correct route while other 900 competitors followed route . organisers appealed for those affected by mix-up to contact them for gesture of goodwill .
the jenny packham chiffon gown with jewelled-detailing on the arms has split opinion , with some on twitter raving about the garment . over the last few years , wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps - short , boho , quirky traditional and more .
steve smith , 52 , grew up helping his father run a stall at bilston market . opened his first poundland shop in burton-upon-trent at the age of 18 in 1990 . the venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire . when he sold the company 10 years later for a staggering # 50million . he said he wanted to repay his father 's initial loan of # 50,000 which helped him start the company at just 18 . today
joan ashton has been a resident of aneurin bevan court in duffryn , newport for eight months . the elderly woman 's son visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals . but after finding the ` terrible ' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in his mother 's room , mr ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards for the elderly in care
the duke and duchess of cambridge are about to make her debut in puppet form . the show , which has been likened to 1980s behemoth spitting image , starts later this month . sketches set to feature in the opening show include one that sees david cameron slug it out with nick clegg on a puppet version of the jeremy kyle show .
house prices across the uk will rise at a fraction of last year 's frenetic pace . property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent . london will fare the worst , with prices actually dropping by 3.6 per cent over the next year , it is claimed .
the 22-year-old 19 kids & counting star announced on tuesday she 's pregnant with her first child with husband ben seewald , 19 . the announcement does not come as too much of a surprise to fans as in late march an image of the two was uploaded to facebook that suggested they could be expecting .
andrew barr , principal of the geelong college , south-west of melbourne , was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office . the school council launched an investigation , which included a search of mr barr 's computer , after the photograph appeared on the social media site snapchat .
one ship - hms ocean - even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency ` medevacs ' during the last nine years . at least one woman was airlifted from hms illustrious , which was nicknamed ` hms lusty ' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year . eighteen other ships - including hms dragon , hms enterprise and hms richmond - had emergency evacuations , data obtained by the sun showed .
sporty pippa middleton is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from london to brighton in june . the 31-year-old is currently preparing to raise money for the british heart foundation . she looks good on the red carpet , at wimbledon and out shopping .
dental kits are intended to provide temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps and crowns . more and more people are said to be buying the kits to carry out their own dental work as the price of receiving filling by a nhs dentist in england is as much as # 52 . there is no research on how they are used .
frank abagnale , 66 , has said the public is underestimating the extent that their details have been stolen by digital fraudsters . he was played by leonardo di caprio in the film about his misspent youth as a conman . but he changed his ways and has spent the rest of his career working with the fbi on fraud detection and prevention .
jamyra gallmon of washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 . she stole just $ 40 and the victim 's metro smartrip card , while dominique johnson , 19 , has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery .
kfc 's questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from ` strongly agree ' to ` strongly disagree ' . when daily mail australia selected only negative answers , they received an email notifying them that their application had been unsuccessful less than 10 hours later . the questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations .
a climate specialist don white from weatherwatch australia confirmed that severe weather warnings were issued by the bureau of meteorology on sunday . the storm was forecast to form between port macquarie and newcastle - that 's as about as accurate as they could have predicted . it then covered 150km south from newcastle to wollongongong where a third of australian population live . a large gum tree and power lines lie across a major road in raymond terrace , 50
former scottish first minister hopes to make a return to the commons . urged supporters of rival parties to help stop alex salmond in his tracks . polls suggest lib dems face near-wipeout in scotland , with senior figures including treasury minister danny alexander under threat from surge in support for snp .
dallas architects matt mooney and michael gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern 3,700-square-foot home . the home also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people , a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of white rock lake .
raymond allen opened the first franchise in preston , lancashire , in 1965 . he had become a personal friend of harland ` the colonel ' sanders . mr allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices .
the xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the puglia region and contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region 's olive oil production last year . its spread has so alarmed the eu that france announced a boycott of puglian fruit and vegetables , while its effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil .
bones were found fused to the walls of a cave in lamalunga , near altamura , italy . using analysis of dna extracted from the bones sticking out from the limestone rock , researchers have found he was a neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole around 150,000 years ago .
remains of friedrich branft , 22 , make first complete skeleton to be recovered . the 200-year-old skeleton of a soldier killed at the battle of waterloo 200 years ago . it took three years of research and a little luck to pin-point brandt 's identity .
millions of barrel jellyfish spotted off the coast of devon and cornwall . jellyfish , which can grow up to six feet , have been attracted by warmer waters . experts say stings are not powerful enough to do any serious harm , but warn swimmers that it is best not to touch them .
scientists analysed 57 species in the region and found that the majority of populations had diminished as a result of the nuclear accident . they found that one breed in particular had plummeted from several hundred before the 2011 disaster to just a few dozen today . this is despite radiation levels starting to fall . and comparing it to chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .
jessica howard , 23 , denounced ` night stalker ' clive howard for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years . she told him that catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life . miss howard was jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months after admitting seven rapes , one attempted rape and three kidnappings .
the online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since the duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits . among the most popular royal choices was a # 195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons . it instantly became such a hit with women -- many of whom were n't even pregnant -- that it sold out in most sizes .
thousands of animals have died overnight at a commercial fish farm in china 's guangdong province . more than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near huizhou city on friday morning by devastated farmer mr zhang . workers rushed to clear the lake using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out , creating a huge mountain of rotting fish on the shore .
labour leader insists snp mps would not be able to dictate policy , even if he fails to win a majority and is reliant on them to stay in number 10 . comes after scottish first minister nicola sturgeon said labour could only govern with the support of the snp .
single-engine piper pa-32 crashed shortly after take-off at 8.15 am today . all seven passengers were tourists from spain and two were from britain . pilot apparently attempting to make emergency landing after taking off from punta cana . plane was en route to the samana peninsula off the north coast .
the red , worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at dearborn 's henry ford museum and displayed in an open plaza on april 15 . two days earlier , it will be onstage when renowned historian and lincoln expert doris kearns goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture . the chair has a dark stain on the back , which many visitors believe to be blood from the shooting .
passengers coming towards end of 15 night cruise became unwitting pawns in legal wrangle between a former crew member and the owners of the mv azores . ship had been set to leave lisbon at 7pm on tuesday night with its 489 passengers heading back to bristol avonmouth after a round-trip tour that took in la coruna in spain . but lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an ` unresolved ' and ` historic ' financial wrangle .
claim was made by the commander of russian space command . oleg maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk . but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse . he was speaking on a film called ` space special forces ' during a tour of russia 's main centre for aerospace intelligence in krasnoznamensk , near moscow .
thaddeus mccarroll , 23 , was killed outside his jennings home on friday night after he ` refused to listen to them and charged at them with a knife ' . police say they shot him with an ' less lethal impact weapon ' because they felt they had to act . the rubber bullet to the leg failed to deter the suspect .
luke harris and daryl lee , from surrey , had their first child three months ago and are now preparing to welcome their third baby into the world . the gay couple , who met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012 , celebrated the birth of their first baby , son phoenix blue . willow-star was born naturally after a 16-hour induced labour , weighing 7lb 15oz .
the first tentative steps towards summer brings impending misery as a dreaded cloud of invisible pollen descends . experts told mailonline that five million people are expected to fall victim to the symptoms - which include streaming eyes , incessant sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat . by 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers .
the yougov poll of more than 2,000 britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week . those aged 55 and over typically enjoying 21 cups of . tea a week compared with 18 to 24-year-olds , who only drink eight cups a week . nearly a quarter of 18 to 25s said they put the kettle on when they are feeling down .
susan farmer , from eddy , texas , weighs 43st -lrb- 605lbs -rrb- and was told she would die unless she dropped more than half her body weight by concerned doctors . while the 37-year-old was determined to shed the weight , her mother continued to buy her daughter fatty foods . at her heaviest , susan weighed 43st and was unable to walk for longer than 30 seconds at a time . speaking on the tlc show my 600
marilyn zuniga allowed her students to write ` get well soon ' letters to convicted police killer mumia abu-jamal . the 60-year-old collapsed in the bathroom of the state correctional institution at mahanoy after he shot philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in cold blood in 1981 . she has apologised for publicising the efforts of her pupils online .
bill dudley , europe 's oldest mcdonald 's employee , celebrated his 90th birthday at the outlet in mold , flintshire . he joined the team nine years ago after growing ` bored ' pottering around the house . wife margaret , 71 , has nicknamed her hubby old mcdonald .
the method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner 's body to die from lack of oxygen . it has been touted as ` foolproof ' by supporters in the wake of the embarrassingly botched lethal injections . executions in the state are currently on hold while the supreme court ponders whether the three-drug mix now favored by oklahoma is constitutional .
carlos manuel perez jr , 28 , was allegedly pitted against andrew jay arevalo , 24 , inside high desert state prison in indian springs on november 12 of last year . after the two were left to duke it out , a lawsuit filed in state court claims , a trainee corrections officer waded in and fired off his shotgun four times in a row .
in a book stphane charbonnier , known as charb , finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen he argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons were ` ridiculous demagogues ' . in the short book , extracts of which are to be published today in weekly magazine l'obs , he writes : ` the suggestion that you can laugh at everything , except certain aspects of islam , because muslims are much more susceptible than the rest of the population
the song ca n't be identified and does n't fit the pattern of noise generated by the few known species of beaked whale . while beaked whales make up the second largest family of cetaceans , relatively little is known about them , mainly because they spend very little time on the water 's surface . experts are sure the noise is n't made by arnoux 's beaked . whale sounds are used by whales for different kinds of communication .
a shocking ` resurrection ceremony ' for a two-year-old dead boy at a texas church has been caught on camera . in the clip capturing the attempted resurrection , the boy identified by a witness as benjamin , is being held in the arms of texas pastor 's wife aracely meza . the witness , who said she knew benjamin 's mother since she was pregnant with him , said the child was possessed by demons , according to pastors .
inebriated sergio barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station , where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer . the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air .
the 22c -lrb- 72f -rrb- predicted in the south east on friday is also better than the 18c forecast in marbella , 16c in rhodes , 10c in istanbul and 16c . mason griffiths , nine , feeds the swans yesterday in the river thames by eton bridge in windsor , berkshire .
the liberal arts college in clinton sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place , lock doors , draw curtains and stay away from windows . campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated kirner-johnson building were received by phone at 9.45 am .
louis tussaud 's waxwork museum in ontario canada was bought to the world 's attention in january after tv presenter jonathan ross posted pictures of the works online . but the statue of lucille ball is n't the only offensive artwork that has missed the mark .
munira khalif from minnesota , stefan stoykov from indiana , victor agbafe from north carolina , and harold ekeh from new york , say they have their parents ' hard work to thank . now they hope to use the opportunities for good .
hilary border , 54 , from newark , nottinghamshire , had power of attorney . mother-of-three was required to pay # 300-a-week for 83-year-old 's care . when it doubled to # 600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all . care home staff tried to contact border over outstanding # 16,000 debt over two years before reporting her to police .
around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit , which has most recently served in iraq and afghanistan , marched through the town of dereham . they were supported by more than 4,000 well-wishers , many waving flags , who lined the streets to mark the conclusion of the regiments 15 year tenure in the county . they are set to leave robertson barracks in swanton morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in catterick , north
dell ` super dell ' schanze , 45 , was sentenced to one year of probation on friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts . he knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird , according to the salt lake tribune . his admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil , horrible person .
michael brelo , 31 , made his first appearance in court in cleveland , ohio , on monday charged with voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell , 43 , and malissa williams , 30 . he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting .
researchers at iowa state university recorded 300 hunts by chimps in fongoli , sngal , and found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations . this female chimp has stripped a stick of leaves and uses it to flush out a bush baby from a hollow tree trunk . this suggests early female humans were perhaps the first to begin fashioning simple tools to help them catch prey .
robin wright , who won the best actress award for her role in house of cards , wore a slinky dress from reem acra 's fall 2013 collection . the golden globes kicked off the seemingly never ending round of red carpet events that will keep us entertained for the next two months .
the 120-pound mother-of-four set a new world record this weekend and earned $ 6,000 in prize money after downing three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes . schuyler is such a champ that the four teams of two that competed against her did n't even come close to winning .
mcdonald 's advert claims italian children prefer happy meals to pizza . it appears to show a waiter asking a small boy who is peering at a menu . he replies he wants ' a happy meal ' , and the camera pans to a shot of the family . restaurant is largest chain of burger restaurants in the world .
kfc allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across australia and roam from freezer to fryer on saturday . the fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients and processes we use , it 's not something that 's made in a factory offsite somewhere and it gets delivered here and we reheat it . ` they 'll see exactly what happens , we have n't airbrushed anything , ' nikki lawson
the woman in her mid - to late 30s , was at melbourne 's greatest ever easter egg hunt . she was escorted out of the racecourse when she became ` irate ' . the aim of the hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation . more than 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $ 5 to fill up their bucket .
police exhumed the boy 's body from his grave in norfolk last year . a dna sample eventually led them to his mother . the woman , who has not been named , was arrested on suspicion of infanticide . she explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she concealed pregnancy from her family and friends .
the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon . abedin and clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and a salad in an iowa chipotle this week but came under fire after staff complained abedin did not put any change in the tip jar .
robert durst , 72 , was arrested at the jw marriott hotel in new orleans on a los angeles county warrant that accused him of killing his friend susan berman in 2000 to keep her from talking to investigators about the disappearance of his first wife in 1982 . his lawyers have asked for the return of $ 161,000 taken during his arrest in march .
jake castner , 19 , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest . on his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site : ` we do n't talk to police ! ' . on monday morning victoria police say they arrested and interviewed castner ` in relation to burglary and theft related offences allegedly committed in the bacchus marsh and ballarat area ' . he was arrested in the mount helen area just after 11.30 am
the 19th century castle toward , near dunoon , was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as hms brontosaurus in 1942 . overlooking the clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline , the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of british troops .
christopher furniss-roe was found in his bedroom by his father just 15 minutes after the ` childish ' argument with his younger sister . his father jason desperately tried to save his son 's life but he died the next day in hospital . a coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying the eight-year-old was probably looking for ` sympathy and forgiveness ' after the row .
muhammadu buhari , who won the presidential election two weeks ago , said his administration would do everything in their power to bring the students home . announcement came as a march was held through the nigerian capital of abuja to mark the first anniversary since the girls were abducted from a secondary school in chibok .
tommy thompson , 62 , led an excursion to the vessel , known as the ship of gold , which sank off the carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold . around 400 people drowned in the 19th-century shipwreck . he was accused of cheating his 161 investors , who paid $ 12.7 million to find the ship , out of the proceeds .
people who have breathing problems while asleep are more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions . us researchers ' results also suggested that the onset of alzheimer 's might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems . at least half a million britons suffer from sleep apnoea , which is most often found in middle-aged , overweight men .
susan monica , a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern oregon , went on trial on tuesday . she has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small jackson county community and dismembering the bodies . both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart .
kyle hargreaves found kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance . ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property . the teenager then punched mr newman three times as the patient was being carried out to the vehicle .
carwyn scott-howell 's death was a tragic accident , according to state prosecutor pierre yves michau . the family , from talybont-on-usk , wales , were expected to bring his body home this weekend as an investigation into his death ruled out negligence as a factor .
the crowd source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by arthur syer , a 27-year-old man living in sydney who took advantage of the very first hand held camera . ` it was the first time people really had the opportunity to take a photograph without their subjects knowing , ' said museum curator and historian margot riley .
game of thrones fans who did not want to wait and legally watch hbo 's hit series premiere its fifth season tonight have leaked the first four episodes online . online pirates have unveiled nearly half of the show 's next season , which is scheduled to debut its first episode tonight . the episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on saturday night .
the boeing 787-8 departed from london gatwick at around 9.40 am yesterday . was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to cancun when it landed at lf wade international airport in bermuda . the plane was met by six police cars on landing , with officers seen entering the aircraft and removing the passengers .
the 29-year-old woman , named by local media as samantha or amanda , was chased by police through the pattaya region for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car . after the smashed-up car came to a halt , officers broke the front passenger window of the white toyota innova to arrest her when she refused to open the door .
jade wimsey , 24 , from goole , east yorkshire , would down up to seven cans a day at more than # 1.50 a pop and totalling more than 1,540 calories . she is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months by kicking the energy fuel for good .
ren dee watched as his wife eileen , 68 , slipped away just days after catching the infection . the 69-year-old said : ` it was such a shock , one minute everyone was telling her how well she was doing and the next moment i am watching her struggling to breathe ' .
more than squabbling over the arm rest , shrinking space on planes putting our health and safety in danger ? this week , a u.s consumer advisory group set up by the department of transportation said at a public hearing that while the government is happy to set standards for animals flying on planes , it does n't stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans .
lord neuberger said britain 's privileged judges must be aware of their ` subconscious bias ' when dealing with poorer members of society . he said judges should be ` sensitive ' to fact that they usually came from ` more privileged sector of society ' than many of those facing them and they should have an understanding of the ` different cultural and social habits ' .
muhammad naviede , 60 , was jailed for nine years for a # 45million fraud . piper tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near padbury in buckinghamshire . he sent a text saying : ` i 'm in a plane out of control and it 's going down ' .
since its construction in 1895 , its high walls housed some of the country 's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury . haunting images published in 2011 proved that government doctors used the jail to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled american citizens . nearly two decades after its closure in 1995 , all that remains of one of the most notorious and violent prisons in american history is cracked paint , crumbling hallways and empty cells which once housed its human guinea pigs .
actress , known as the glacially beautiful half of itv 's 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace , will be collecting her bus pass . from where i 'm sitting , she looks barely a day over 40 . it is impossible , frankly , not to wonder whether mother nature has been given a , shall we say , little helping hand .
abedin had last surfaced on monday at an ohio chipotle restaurant when she and clinton popped in , both wearing sunglasses , for lunch . on tuesday she was photographed leaving a norwalk , iowa fruit processing company and walking toward ` scooby ' . the now-famous customized black van that secret service agents have driven more than 1,000 miles since sunday .
labour leader admitted in the past his party had been ` too timid ' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language . but tories said there was nothing in mr miliband 's plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to britain after net migration hit 298,000 in a year .
the transport workers ' union 's national secretary tony sheldon condemned the requested change to the fair work act and accused aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom . mr sheldon argued that the chain had tried to ` strip workers of their right to refuse to work unreasonably long hours ' .
in august 2013 mcconlogue offered grand , the homeless man he saw every day on his walk to work in new york city , a deal : he would either give him $ 100 , or he would teach him how to code . grand realized he could go through ' $ 100 in a few days ' and instead jumped at the opportunity to learn something new that he could then ` turn into something more ' .
ian gibson , 60 , joined plane refueller in 2007 , three decades after he was medically discharged from the army 's parachute regiment . in 2010 he underwent a knee replacement and had further surgery on his other knee two years later . mr gibson claims bosses failed to make his job easier after the pain in his knee became too excruciating .
a commission designed to review evidence about the world-changing bombings has not delved into an fbi agent 's claims . a saudi family had ties to the hijackers after the agency said the report was ` unsubstantiated ' . relatives of homeowner esam ghazzawi lived in the plush sarasota dwelling until they fled and left cars , furniture and food in their refrigerator behind right before the 9/11 .
chris rowe visited doctors five times in two months , despite reporting on one visit he was coughing up blood . but after noticing a dull ache in his ribs , he was taken to a&e . x-ray revealed a devastating diagnosis - mr rowe was suffering an aggressive lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones . he was sent home each time , reassured he was most likely suffering a virus .
the nantucket wooden chair was salvaged by a search team from the atlantic ocean after the titanic sank in 1912 . dubbed ` one of the rarest types of titanic collectable ' , the chair is too fragile to sit on , but has been carefully preserved , having been owned by a british collector for the past 15 years .
london mayor was given a big kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter yesterday . as he got in his car later , he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek . mr johnson recieves an ethusiastic kiss - as female support for the tory mayor shows no sign of abating .
mary , 43 , treated her three youngest children , princess isabella , seven , and twins princess josephine and prince vincent , four , to a day out at a farm in kirke hyllinge , a village in zealand . despite the potential for getting dirty , mary was as fashionable as ever .
a new , fitter , stronger generation of women will be walking down the runway at this year 's mercedes-benz fashion week australia . we are handsome will debut their first active swim range on tuesday night in sydney and break all the rules by featuring real-life fitness and social media stars . the models will include sjana earp , kate kendall , amanda bisk , juliet burnett , and lindy klim .
carwyn scott-howell was skiing with his family when he fell over a 164ft drop . the schoolboy was separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland . he was on holiday with his mother ceri , nine , in the alps . footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body .
a baby girl was found in the ladies ' toilet of a burger bar in chengdu . staff at the restaurant said they saw the woman going into the toilet . after she came out , she went back to her seat , sitting there without speaking a word . she was arrested after receiving medical attention and faces charges of neglect .
ukip leader was expected at a farm in staffordshire as he prepared to attack the government over defence spending . organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car . mr farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the m4 after he missed an event charging supporters # 25-a-head to meet him .
the carlton tavern pub was the only building in its road that was not destroyed by hitler 's bombs during the blitz . landlady patsy lord was told by the owners on easter monday to close for an ` inventory ' but returned two days later to find the pub .
a virtually cloud-free satellite image from the european space agency 's metop-b satellite has been released as the country continues to bask in bright sunshine and above average temperatures . parts of scotland and wales experienced the warmest temperatures today , with highs of 16.6 c in achnagart , north of fort william and 16.4 c in pembrey sands , carmarthenshire . thousands flocked to the beaches in brighton which to enjoy the
fenerbahce beat black sea side caykur rizespor 5-1 in the super lig . the bus was going over a viaduct on its way from the city of trabzon . the driver suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem .
turkey has blocked access to twitter and youtube after they refused a request to remove pictures of prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz . the 46-year-old prosecutor died in hospital when members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage . the dhkp-c is considered a terrorist group by turkey , the european union and us .
fbi chief james coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness . new recruits to the fbi have to take a physical test but for the last 16 years have not had to undergo any other fitness exam . some agents have complained about the five minute break between the exercises as they struggle to catch their breath .
the fbi and nypd announced on wednesday that a reward of up to $ 115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the march 2008 bombing at the times square military recruitment station . no one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past .
katie cope , 17 , feared being assaulted by the agitated woman after police repeatedly refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival . she had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter after the thief became abusive towards other customers . when police finally got to the vintage clothing store , they said the stolen knickers , which had been reduced to # 1 , were not worth enough to prosecute .
as darkness fell on the beach in hokota , around 60 miles northeast of tokyo . coastguards and officials called off the rescue operation after only managing to save three of the 149 melon-headed dolphins that had beenached . the rest of the animals had either died or were dying , they said .
tyler grant , a junior at the university of texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as ` they ' , or ` their ' instead of ` he , ' or ` she , ' and sometimes wears women 's clothing . video footage posted to twitter from early on sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because grant was dressed in ` inappropriate attire ' .
lord stevens is to be investigated over hotly disputed allegations of a cover-up of police corruption in the bungled step-hen lawrence murder probe . last night the independent police complaints commission said it will investigate claims that the former met chief failed to hand over key information to the macpherson inquiry .
the celebrity chef , who last appeared on the channel with nigellissima in 2012 , will present simply nigella on bbc 2 , a series which focus on ' a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating ' . the show will mark nigella 's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to mr saatchi and the subsequent court case .
 wigry national park , in north-east poland , is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes -lrb- poland 's lake district -rrb- . our base is an unassuming but pristine hotel right on the wigry lakeshore . the area is unspoiled , but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits .
kent sprouse was convicted of the death of ferris police officer marty steinfeldt iii , 28 , at a gas station outside of dallas . sprouse shot and killed a customer , pedro moreno , 38 , in 2002 . he would be the fifth inmate executed this year in texas .
leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end . the honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants . after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside . they tied up
officers from police scotland 's edinburgh division posted pictures of lego models on their facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime . last night victims branded the move as ` insensitive ' and ` a joke ' . but the publicity stunt was met with criticism from politicians and victims who said officers should concentrate on solving real crimes .
paul bakewell , 35 , arranged for partner tara barber , 32 , to be driven past the billboard by her boss who pretended they were going to a business meeting on friday morning . the billboard featured pictures of the couple and the words : ` tara you 've changed my life . will you marry me ? ' .
francis pusok , 30 , was believed to have stolen horse on thursday afternoon . he fell off the horse , and they stun him with a taser . the footage shows two deputies catch up with pusok on foot . they continue to beat him with their fists and stun guns . thirty seconds in , another deputy runs to join , followed quickly by three more .
sherri tenpenny was due to speak at a number of events in brisbane , sydney , adelaide , melbourne and gold coast . she had to cancel her remaining talks due to threats of violence from ` anti-free-speech terrorists ' . the organization had 60 days to lodge an appeal after a review into its operations and activities .
the gas giant was detected by the spitzer space telescope and the ogle warsaw telescope in chile . the planet is half as massive as jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the milky way . the discovery demonstrates that spitzer can be used to solve the puzzle of how planets are spread out in our galaxy .
candidatesise davis-bowens , 42 , attended bethune-cookman university in daytona beach , florida , for their ` transformative leadership ' program at the age of 37 . she claims she was discriminated against because of her weight and missed out on part of the academic experience .
doctors are putting the health of women and their babies at risk by performing caesarean sections too readily , un officials warn . they say the procedure should only be carried out when ` medically necessary ' because it can lead to infections and even death . last night experts from the world health organisation said this figure should ideally be between 10 per cent and 15 per cent , due to the dangers and costs involved .
josiah duggar , 18 , has revealed that he has entered a courtship with 17-year-old marjorie jackson , who he met while the pair were taking spanish lessons together . and just like several of his siblings before him , as the two embark on the path towards a potential marriage , josiah and his new love interest will have to follow his family 's incredibly strict courting rules .
tristram hunt , the shadow education secretary , was visiting primary school . he was filmed asking the year six pupil who he would vote for in next month 's election if he could . video of the conversation shows the schoolboy had been ` drinking in propaganda ' from the party 's rivals . mother of 10-year-old has said she has now sat down her son and explained ` it is n't about being foreign ' .
the bull shark took a bite out of his back , torso and head , according to witnesses in palm beach , florida . blood covered the boat which was anchored off the jupiter inlet , a hot spot for fishing . the victim , who has not been identified , was airlifted to st mary 's medical center 's trauma unit .
jack black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved in penryn , cornwall . the page has more than 450 members who share their pictures , videos and stories about jack and keep up to date with his daily activities . he taps on windows to signal he has arrived and even pops into supermarkets and perches on trolleys as residents shop .
four-bedroom property in central london 's farm street has all the trappings of modern luxury with an indoor swimming pool , gym , lift , cinema room and roof terrace . originally used as a milking parlour , it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th century .
the 24-year-old , better known as simply stephen james , is now becoming one of the most in-demand models in the industry . he has lucrative contracts with calvin klein and diesel under his belt , has starred in numerous men 's magazine shoots , and graced the runway at fashion weeks .
the falklands islands are defended by a squadron of raf typhoon aircraft operating from mount pleasant aerodrome on west falkland . the airstrip also operates as a search and rescue location with sea king helicopters . it could have been downloaded by argentine intelligence agents to help prepare a mission to recapture the islands .
the indiana pacers ' chris copeland , 31 , and his wife , katrine saltare , 28 , were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man , shezoy bleary , interrupted them . when copeland told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete 's abdomen and elbow . pero antic , who plays for the atlanta hawks , was arrested for failing to
a tv cameraman has been banned from the aaron hernandez murder trial . superior court judge susan garsh punished robert cusanelli of whdh-tv after two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on wednesday . ` he can not come into this building or be driving a whdh vehicle for the purpose of doing reporting work on this case , ' he said .
footage shows best friends carmarie and kanya sat buckled into the device at the indy speedway park on panama city beach , florida , over the weekend . at the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match . both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force , with their eyes glazing over and rolling back .
xiao gao , from fujian province in south east china , has not spoken a word in five days after a classmate he ` does not get on with ' gave him the water . but medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say that the combination of water , perfume and dust should not have caused that type of damage .
ashley dodds , 29 , visited the red hot world buffet with her daughter , dennon , and her daughter 's friend . after ordering a non-alcoholic sweet kiss ` mocktail ' for the girls . restaurant bosses admitted to making the mistake but blamed the incident on ms doddons for leaving her daughter alone while she went for a cigarette .
the couples queenscliff neighbour claimed her ` small but charming view ' would be obstructed if mr pengilly and ms beachley 's addition was built . the couple 's three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $ 2.6 million . warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in august 2013 .
the last plantagenet king of england was described by william shakespeare as a ` poisonous bunch-back 'd toad ' in his play depicting the monarch . but research on the king 's skeleton discovered under a council car park in leicester revealed that this may have been an exaggeration of a spine deformity known as scoliosis .
amelia-jane harris , 20 , developed crohn 's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six . she regularly vomits up her food and suffers excruciating bowel pain . at her largest , when she weighed 27st 10lbs -lrb- 388lbs -rrb- and was a size 32 , she dreamed of pulling off skimpy outfits . but now , weighing just 8st 9lbs and wearing size 6 clothes , she says she would give anything
a series of earthquakes that rattled a small texan community have been linked to nearby oil and gas operations . in 84 days from november 2013 to january 2014 , the area around azle , texas , shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes . scientists determined this based on where and when the earthquakes happened , computer models that track pressure changes .
justice diana bryant spoke at the university of queensland in brisbane on friday night . she said she believes commercial surrogacy is banned in australia , hopeful parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas . her statement is backed up by a recent bout of child abandonment cases , where parents have refused to carry through with overseas surrogacy deals .
the unique experiment tracked stolen data from california as it travelled the globe , and found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within just two weeks . overall , the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times ; some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia .
both pilots have been derostered after the captain of flight ai611 complained that the co-pilot had misbehaved and struck him . an inquiry has been ordered into the incident . the airline insists the altercation was limited to a verbal argument . instead of immediately reporting the incident in delhi , the captain flew the plane to jaipur and then informed air india staff .
tonya stack , whose husband mike stack holds the state 's second-highest office , reportedly dumped cola on state representative kevin boyle in an unseemly row at a fundraiser in honor of a slain afghanistan veteran . boyle , stack ` flipped me the bird ' as soon as she spotted him at the event in philadelphia .
a new poll by yougov ahead of charles and camilla 's 10th wedding anniversary reveals that 49 per cent think camilla should take the traditional title of the wife of a reigning king . 35 per cent believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to diana , princess of wales and 16 per cent were undecided .
kyle iveson burst into a convenience store and demanded cash from shop assistant karen brown , the mother of his ex-girlfriend and grandmother of his daughter . he tried to disguise his identity by lowering his voice , but she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to the police straight away .
former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign , which was launched last week , in iowa and will move on to new hampshire on monday . in his first public comments on his wife 's 2016 presidential bid , bill clinton said ` i 'm proud of her ' while on a visit to oklahoma city .
the former child star turned real housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with dr. phil . among topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism . about her april 16 arrest , richards reveals , ' i was angry and frightened and i was scared . i knew what i had done . none of this would have happened if i did n't drink ' .
betty johnson , 86 , was a chiefs season ticket holder since 1986 . she visited chiefs hall of famer nick lowery , and johnson passed away shortly after , just as he was leaving , her family said . her presence at the games did not go unnoticed . wide receiver dwayne bowe would kiss her at every game .
sarah stage , a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles , has documented her changing figure via her instagram page throughout her pregnancy . the mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure .
chen yuntao , 38 , has started dressing up a horse and begging people to ride him . the unusual fundraising is part of a desperate bid to raise money for his son . son minghao underwent 20 course of chemotherapy for leukaemia . the family is 160,000 yuan -lrb- # 17,500 -rrb- in debt for treatment he has already received .
john pat cunningham , 27 , was shot by the army in a field in benburb , county armagh . a 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in england for questioning . case was recently re-opened by the police service of northern ireland . mr cunningham had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an army patrol when he was shot .
elad hershkowitz , a zookeeper at the zoological center in tel aviv , filmed animals drinking on a gopro camera . he placed the camera in the animals ' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours . the 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to four minutes .
katie hopkins has written that australia 's approach of having ` balls of steel and tiny hearts ' should be followed as policy by the brits . her tone has won few friends in europe and her timing , even less so , slammed as it coincided with the drowning of up to 900 men , women and children on a sunken fishing boat , off italy .
timothy fradeneck , 38 , was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and children , whose bodies were found monday in their eastpointe , michigan home . he is also charged with child abuse . authorities say he used a usb cord to kill 37-year-old christine and the children , celeste , 2 , and timothy , 8 , who were held by father and 8-year old timothy iii .
the campaign was kicked off by jaime singleton , who saw the baby elephant , nadia , tied to a pole outside a restaurant at marina phuket resort in december last year . the change.org petition has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago . another holiday resort in thailand has come under fire after it posted a picture online of drunken guests riding an elephant around its swimming pool .
top of the list is ` death ' for anyone who insults god or his messenger or blasphemes against islam . adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death , while couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes .
dr vivek murthy and the sesame street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated and explaining to children -lrb- and parents -rrb- why it is so important . in what appears to be a direct response to anti-vaccination campaigners , elmo and dr murthy questions why everybody does not get a shot .
st peter and st paul church filed in for easter sunday service . but little did they know it would be put into action by the entire choir . letter handed out to the stunned churchgoers revealed 13 choristers were quitting en masse in ` solidarity ' over sacking of music director stephen hogger .
chancellor has avoided calls to rule out further help for the country 's top earners . instead he says conservatives are committed to raising the tax-free personal allowance bracket from # 10,000 to # 12,500 . but labour politicians are calling for the amount to be raised to 50 per cent for those in the highest bracket .
raffaele sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie two weeks after he was cleared of killing british student meredith kercher . the 31-year-old was spotted out and about with a blonde companion this week looking through the lingerie section of a shop in rome , italy . he was seen looking at a # 105,000 bmw at a car dealership in the city . the pair are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison
the 4wd , containing four children and an adult , crashed into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne 's outer west , just before 4pm . police believe that all children are under the age of six . the first child who was pronounced dead at the scene was aged under seven . the relation between the female driver and the four children are not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital .
islamists waging campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping . the images were posted on social media , including the shomoukh al-islam jihadi forum . the group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration .
gale force winds have reached up to 135km/h battering the east coast . many have learned the hard way that their trusty shelters ca n't withstand cyclone strength conditions . workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon .
richard sherman and the seattle seahawks lost the super bowl to the new england patriots on february 5 . sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend ashley moss with their son rayden on instagram . in the most recent photo , sherman congratulates patriots quarterback tom brady above .
sharon edwards ' car was left parked in her driveway and clothes she had been wearing on march 14 were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom . her son , eli edwards , told daily mail australia his family was struggling to come to terms with his mother 's disappearance . there was no sign of forced entry at her grafton home on the nsw north coast and it has left her family with many unanswered questions .
 asylum seeker jafar adeli , 32 , arranged to meet someone he believed to be a young teenage girl after engaging in sexual conversations online and sending an indecent image of himself . he agreed to pay for ` amy 's ' bus fare to make the 13-mile journey from hinckley , leicestershire , to leicester . when he arrived , he had three condoms in his pocket . but instead of being greeted by a schoolgirl , adeli was confronted by police who arrested
the mothers have to deal with the never-ending conveyor belt of friends and family who are desperate to see the new addition . well-meaning visitors arrive at the house armed with gifts for the baby and plenty of compliments . but while they might be well-intentioned , there are a number of pitfalls to be avoided when cooing over a newborn .
melbourne-based jon czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents ' farm near wangaratta , northeast victoria , over the easter long weekend . when he checked the nine hours of footage , he stumbled upon the upsetting spectacle , which shows the canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back .
joanne bolton told how she thought she was going to die at the hands of steven young during the ` brutal and merciless ' seven hour long ordeal . the 35-year-old was stabbed over 14 times before being knocked out with a mental bar after being held captive in her own home . but this did not end the nightmare , instead young chose a bigger weapon and continued his violent onslaught .
dawn bainbridge , 47 , led a ` family business ' that saw her and her daughters steal thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores across the north . their company ` designer goods north east ' took more than # 7,000 in online payments in just four months . one daughter boasted of making # 100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone .
the unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west london high street to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory . clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include imogen thomas and made in chelsea stars sophie hermann and stephanie pratt .
the tiny copper coin , which is smaller than a penny , dates from the iron age almost 2,300 years ago and suggests there were links between the south west of england and the mediterranean . on one side there is a horse 's head , while the other bears the image of the goddess tanit , the chief deity of carthage . experts have dated the coin to between 300 bc and 264 bc and say it came from the western mediterranean - probably sardinia or ancient car
the 18-year-old daughter of actor stephen baldwin , is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star kendall jenner . she let slip very discreetly in an interview with elle magazine that she often spent nights with ` one of her friends ' . kate also recalls how , the first time she met hailey , she was struck by the star 's social media influence .
just two cups of coffee a day can halve the risk of breast cancer returning . tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause . most breast cancer tumours rely on the hormone oestrogen to grow . this means the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether .
cancer that has spread and is incurable , known as secondary breast cancer , kills 1,000 women in britain every month . researchers from manchester university have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem . they are testing the drug sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer .
nuts are a source of useful nutrients and have other health benefits . peanuts can increase levels of friendly bacteria in the gut and ward off food poisoning . almonds are high in fibre , too eat them with the skin on as this contains antioxidants that help protect body cells from inflammatory damage . iron from cashews is not as easily absorbed as iron from meat .
survey of 757 parents carried out by mumsnet , uk 's largest internet community for parents . 53 per cent of parents had not told children how to dial 999 . but 46 per cent insisted that their children did not know the difference between 999 and america 's 911 . more than 60 per cent admitted they were not confident their child would know what to do if someone collapsed , would n't wake up or if there was a fire .
the adverts were created for the biggest airlines of the day , including twa and canadian pacific . british overseas airways corp led to the creation of the concorde in the 1970s . many of the adverts in the book featured beautiful women in an effort to glamorise destinations and encourage people to travel .
jason warnock , 29 , was driving wednesday morning in lewiston , idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff . he then parked his car , ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver matthew sitko , 23 , out to safety . warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the amazing rescue went viral online online . since he did n't stop
labour leader said second poll ` ai n't going to happen ' even if he becomes prime minister with the support of snp mps next month . mr miliband 's intervention came as john major warned snp was ` merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda ' .
kate , who was ordered to rehab by michael last year , is said to have had an alcohol relapse before getting physical with the father of lindsay lohan . tmz report that michael made a 911 call around 7:02 pm on thursday claiming his wife had struck him after coming home inebriated . kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking , claimed michael grabbed her by the throat and that the argument was caused by him accusing her of cheating .
christianne boudreau thought her son damien clairmont was going to egypt to study arabic in 2013 , but canadian authorities later told the calgary mother that her son had instead gone to turkey where he crossed the border into syria . damien was severely bullied , and even considered suicide during this painful period .
wylie brys was digging with his dad , tim brys , back in september at a construction site near a mansfield , texas , grocery store . when wylie came back with the bone , brys asked him to take him to where he found it , according to ksax . scientists from southern methodist university have helped a dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil .
airbus is set to introduce an extra seat to each row of its airbus a380 model . from 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed . the addition of the centre seat will change the current configuration from 3-4-3 to become a 3-5-3 set up .
eve addison , now 24 , developed a strange swelling in her collarbone . she assumed she must have develoepd an allergy . but when switching brands failed to help , and she developed night sweats and a rash . tests revealed the 24-year-old was suffering hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system . most common symptom is one or more painless swellings in the neck , armpit or groin .
betty willis died in her overton , nevada , home on sunday . the 91-year-old artist 's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of las vegas boulevard south of the strip . in 2009 , the sign was added to the national register of historic places .
tykeran hamilton , 25 , borrowed the rented black bmw 3 series and drove it around gloucester after spending a night drinking and taking drugs . he spotted a friend waiting for a bus , leaned out of the window and shouted ` watch this ' before accelerating up to 70mph on a residential road at 7am . moments later , he crashed into cyclist alan knight , 64 , who was crossing the road while on his morning paper round , then drove away at high speed . ham
catherine gerhardt uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online ` flamers ' . she teaches the children to follow ice : ignore , communicate and exit in order to deter bullies . ` when dealing with a ` flamer ' or troll , all you want to do is respond to justify yourself , ' she said .
the building that houses it is built on the site of england 's first hospital for the mentally ill - the bethlehem royal hospital . fast forward a few centuries and in its place is a swanky , celebrity-baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms - four of which have been decorated by trendy artists .
tony john , 15 , died after jumping into river great ouse in hartford , cambridgeshire . inquest heard that swimming is compulsory during primary school . but it is not enforced for those aged 11 or over , coroner belinda cheney said . rony 's friends desperately tried to rescue the teenager to safety .
 lidia quilligana was arrested in danbury , connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl . she was also caught allegedly burning the legs , arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain . this after the girl 's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl .
photographer arwed messmer found the pictures in a box at the stasi archive in berlin , where mile upon mile of yellowing . the pictures were found in the archives of east germany 's secret police , presumably the clothing of someone who had tried to flee the communist regime .
more than one in 10 families now live in ` blended ' families as more people with children divorce , remarry other parents and their households merge . over a third said their family 's happiness was their top priority , compared to just 6 % who cited money as most important . more than a fifth of all children have participated in their own parents ' wedding .
kezzia french , 46 , thought she had laid six-month-old andrea to rest in 1999 . but only found out more than a decade later that police had in fact removed virtually all her vital organs . the little girl died after being flung at a wall by her father , meyrick fowler , then 24 , who flew into a rage when his lottery number 's did n't come up at their home in ipswich , suffolk . he was convicted of her manslaughter
sienna miller 's ` low hip ' measurement should be 36 1/2 in waist . those afflicted with bingo wings will wince at her ` top arm ' circumference . the 33-year-old 's head and wrist circumferences . the successful stand-in must also be an expert in yoga .
many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands . ignorant that they must fork out for a new digital one -- even if the existing paper disc is months from expiry -- rising numbers of drivers are falling prey to clampers . critics allege the dvla has been operating a ` money-making scam ' .
former missouri auditor tom schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself . police in the st. louis suburb of clayton said they have found nothing to suggest the death of him , who was running as a republican candidate for governor in 2016 , was anything other than a suicide .
workers in china have been pictured building a mountain side in pingjiang county , hunan province . with no ropes or safety harnesses , and only hard hats to protect them if they fall , these men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of cement over a rickety wooden walkway .
the images were released by french defence audio-visual communication and production unit . taken during an airborne operation at the ` salvador pass ' at the border between libya and niger , the shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the sahel . france began setting up a command base in northern niger at the end of last year in efforts to combat a number of international jihadist groups .
arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide . they hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change . the process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the general electric labs in schenectady , new york . two decades later , the central arizona project and the salt river project invested in research to make it a reality
the all-gender restroom has opened in the eisenhower executive office building . the facility is the first of its kind at the white house and according to spokesman jeff tiller it 's something that fits in with the administration 's stance on lgbt issues . on wednesday president obama 's executive order on the issue went into effect .
the story was that the girls had been taken from their abusive father back in italy to hide out in australia and now they were being sent back to the ` monster ' against their will . the scenes of the girl 's forced return caused widespread outcry , particularly as the girls ' mother portrayed the cruelty of the dad , and the girls - aged nine to 14 years old - frightened and distraught .
scientists at brandeis university in massachusetts have long known that sleep , memory and learning are deeply connected . most animals , from flies to humans , have trouble remembering when they are sleep-deprived . and studies have shown that sleep is critical in converting short-term memories into long-term memory , a process known as memory consolidation .
dale forrest , 26 , of bolton , would sink up to 12 pints a night , but decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself while out with his fitness fanatic friends . in december 2013 , the bank teller decided to ditch the booze , give up his favourite fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym .
hotel industry insider turned author jacob tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in new orleans and new york city . despite common misconceptions , you actually can get away with stealing that coveted hotel room robe , take a fresh robe and pack it away in your suitcase .
robert tomanovich first hung a noose from a tree and a confederate flag , printed with the slogan ' i ai n't coming down , ' on a fence at his home . when neighbours complained , a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street .
the pain can severely impact on quality of life , as eating and drinking are significantly affected . as many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer . these small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment . multiple ongoing mouth ulcers are quite a different issue and certainly warrant further investigation .
fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors . in both cases , baxter followed the state 's recommendations : he gave a former teacher a 7 p.m. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail . they 'll also serve five years on probation .
tavon watson , 24 , was doing 100mph at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in orlando when he slammed the $ 220,000 lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail , killing 35-year-old race track employee gary terry . watson uploaded this picture to facebook in celebration of his birthday with this message : ` but really . i thankyou lord for keeping in your presence long enough to endure another day that just so happens
support for farage 's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others . comes after leaked poll revealed mr farage is on course to lose his own parliamentary election battle in ukip 's heartland in kent . he is now sitting in second place in the kent constituency , 1 % below his conservative rival craig mackinlay .
michelle heale of tom 's river , new jersey claims she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce . when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards , killing the boy . the mother of twins , who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old , was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child .
the video , complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and obligatory key change , is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration . the song , change the tune , features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called coalition .
love food hate waste will store details of all the foods you have at home . femail has picked the ten every foodie should have . where chefs eat , # 10.99 ios . with more than 3,000 chef recommendations from some of the world 's leading professionals including rene redzepi of noma and david chang of momofuku .
iranian officials made the decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at jeddah airport in march . comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers , particularly over saudi-led airstrikes in yemen . muslims undertaking the umrah in mecca - the pilgrimage which is not obligatory in islam can be taken at any time during the year .
margaret gretton , 46 , has been banned from classrooms for labelling asian job applicant ` taliban ' . she referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of ` bombs and blowing up the school ' in an asian accent . disciplinary panel said she showed no remorse for ` deliberate ' and ` repeated ' actions while head of burton joyce primary school in nottingham .
annegret raunigk , 65 , was plunged into vortex of travel and trials . says she is not bothered about what people say about her decision to have more children so late in life . scheduled births for the schoolteacher from spandau , berlin , is just weeks away . there are major fears that the health risks for her unborn quads will spike massively if they are induced early .
james and hope ben canaan last month declared they were living in a ` false system ' and left the gloriavale christian community , located at lake haupiri on new zealand 's west coast . the ben canaans fled 300km south to timaru , where supporters from the marchwiel reformed baptist church community have helped them adapt to a world where christmas and birthdays are celebrated and money is used to purchase goods and services .
secretary of state john kerry ` is delusional ' if he expected to claim the iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they did n't and get away with it , says the chairman of the senate armed services committee . mccain responding to the supreme leader of iran 's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is ` instant ' .
hannah moore , 20 , from broxburn in west lothian , posted images of her tummy within minutes of posting them . the mother-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate nudity and violence . she gave birth to twin girls lily and grace in june last year .
andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression . the minister for investment and trade , who battled depression for 43 years , appeared on abc 's q&a program . he said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach .
rebecca calder , 24 , went out drinking on the same night she used her victims ' bank card to withdraw large amounts of cash . at her peak she was draining up to # 300 a day from her disabled victims ' accounts , spending it on nights out and items such as shoes . calder was jailed for 12 months after she pleaded guilty to nine counts of theft .
rajul patel , 35 , stole a man 's platinum wedding ring , first-year anniversary ring , and a 40th birthday bracelet , isleworth crown court was told . he was stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers just five minutes after beginning his workout . patel tried to escape arrest by running from the gym into a nearby shop but was discovered hiding behind a clothes rack .
liam marshall-ascough is standing to be an mp in stoke-on-trent central . the candidate , who is gay , is pictured on the open profile of his facebook page appearing to lick a female friend 's breasts . under the picture a friend commented ` drunko ' . but he insists the photos show him enjoying himself like any normal person .
trevor vale took to his social media account on tuesday while on a long-haul trip from darwin to melbourne to appeal to his fellow countrymen . in the video , which has been viewed over 800,000 times , mr vale calls on australians to make it their business to attend anzac day service . while listening to the radio , he heard a podcast questioning australian on their plans for the public holiday . while a small number of people admitted
ronnie lungu was singled out as ' a marked man ' by wiltshire police solely due to his race . it found the 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues after his internal assessments were secretly downgraded . it also heard evidence that derogatory comments were made about mr lungu based on his colour violating his dignity .
tavon watson was taking racing advice from instructor gary terry on sunday when he lost control of the italian supercar at walt disney world in florida . father-of-one terry died at the scene while he was rushed to hospital near lake buene vista for treatment where he was later declared stable .
the ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the december 7 , 1941 surprise attack from japanese forces . altogether , 429 sailors and marines onboard were killed . only 35 were identified in the years immediately after . hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in hawaii .
max muggeridge , 19 , from coomera in qld was camping at tweed heads just across the nsw border with his girlfriend when the pair decided to go for an early morning fish . the huge four metre tiger shark took a bite of his line , and he spent the next three hours trying to bring it to shore . the fisherman said it was a constant battle .
aaron hernandez , 25 , has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of odin lloyd , a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiance 's sister . prosecutors say the former tight end and two friends , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , picked up lloyd at his boston home before dawn on june 17 , 2013 , and drove him to an industrial park . surveillance video at hernand
yaphet kotto , who starred as dr kananga in the 1973 bond installment live and let die , said the role was created by ian fleming for a white actor . his comments come in response to months of speculation that black british actor idris elba is in the running to be named as daniel craig 's successor .
labour said the ` marie antoinette ' moment by the work and pensions secretary showed ` just how out of touch the tories are ' about the lives of working people . future of zero-hours deals has become of the key issues of the election battle over jobs , with labour pledging to ban exploitative deals .
the 67-year-old was asked : ` have you seen kelly clarkson ? holy cow , did she blow up ' . in reply , he said the ` american idol ' winner has ' a lovely voice ' . within minutes , wallace 's response had sparked outrage online . now , the veteran news man has apologized for his ` offensive ' remarks .
the tenth edition of the annual course , ` exorcism and prayer of liberation , ' sponsored by the vatican congregation for the clergy , the department responsible for overseeing matters regarding priests . in 2013 francis appeared to perform an exorcism on a young man in a wheelchair who shook violently when the pope laid his hands on him .
the families of two slain new york city police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the mets ' home opener at citi field . new england patriots quarterback tom brady also threw a first pitch , at fenway park in boston . the nypd families were joined by mayor bill de blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again coming under scrutiny .
between the tears , eulogies and final farewells , funerals are typically a sombre affair . so mourners at a taiwanese man 's memorial were shocked after they were treated to a sexy performance by two scantily-clad strippers . dressed in little more than underwear and thigh-high boots , the exotic dancers showed off their moves in a scene more fitting to a strip club than a funeral home .
the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act ac/dc was scheduled to take the stage . this year 's lineup includes rapper drake , florence and the machine , fka twigs , david guetta , the weeknd , kasabian , alt-j and toro y moi among others .
the mother of a two-year-old boy who fell 10 feet into a cheetah enclosure could face child endangerment charges . visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on saturday . his parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury . though the felines appeared to avoid the child , dr christopher kuhar , executive director at the zoo ,
the baby , a boy named prince irfan , was born in the swiss city of geneva last saturday and both mother and child are doing well . news of the birth has been greeted with joy by the followers of the aga khan , who spoke of his family 's ` great happiness ' .
whitney fetters , 28 , turned herself into cops in february after students told teachers about the pictures but she was released after posting $ 10,000 bail . on wednesday , oklahoma county prosecutors charged her with one count of soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana .
the 22-year-old 's kode with karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year . ` code is only going to continue to play a major role in defining our future , ' she says .
becky cooper and bridget yorston unveiled their new swimwear line on the catwalk at mercedes-benz fashion week australia . the pair were treated to a parade of models in skimpy bikinis and one-piece suits . animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection .
health experts in the us have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic because a growing number of people are not getting vaccinated . the virus has swept several states in america and california and officials have warned there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago . they are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died .
leeds-based direct line is running a competition called #everydayfix . they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems . these include forgetting to lock the door , which one company hopes to solve with their forget me lock prototype , shown . the products were designed as part of the direct line everyday fix design makeathon .
deputy prime minister was met by protesters in surbiton , south-west london . he ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message that only lib dems can be trusted to balance the budget without hitting the poor . lib dem leader launched furious attack on ` ideological ' cuts planned by tories .
christina mejia , 20 , first outlined her accusations in a lawsuit filed against the cook county sheriff 's office in illinois in 2010 and the trial is scheduled to begin next week . her daughter , jessica , was killed in the early hours of december 31 , 2009 when her ex-boyfriend , nicholas sord , lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole . when deputies arrived on the scene , they improperly removed clothing from mej
the indian rhino looks as if it 's been riveted together from pieces of boiler-plate . surely they ca n't be real . you feel as if you 've slipped back into the jurassic era and were looking at some great horned dinosaur , for they could n't possibly be part of the 21st century .
moira gemmill , 55 , was cycling to work at st james 's palace . she collided with a lorry near lambeth bridge in westminster yesterday . leading art and design figure , who had recently been chosen to oversee renovations at windsor castle , was the fifth cyclist killed on london 's road this year .
dustin irons flashed a judge despite being in handcuffs . the outraged judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court . after the shocking incident sheriffs from the umatilla sheriff 's office quickly covered him up and.bundled him back to his cell . captain stewart harp admitted a certain admiration to the east oregonian newspaper .
heartbroken owner tony tancock believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs . he has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies and has shown them off at events around the country . but he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in crediton , devon , to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind .
police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son . the body was discovered at the west colonial drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check . an initial investigation determined there was foul play .
former white house aide kristina schake , 45 , is reportedly behind the drive to get another first lady - ex-secretary of state , hillary clinton - elected president . she will attempt to turn 67-year-old politician - who is expected to announce her run for white house this month - from a strong and knowledgeable figure into a softer , more accessible one .
the woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her white honda as the teenage carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from the fast track car wash in smyrna , georgia . but the incident came to a climactic end when a man passing by produced a gun and fired a shot . police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman 's life .
as orthodox easter sunday was held , thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the aegean island of chios . dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of aghios markos and panaghia erithiani . fortunately , severe injuries are rare in vrontados during the fiery celebrations .
 pianist laurie holloway was invited to buckingham palace by princess margaret to accompany herself and the queen for the performance . the queen was 64 at the time and margaret 59 . mr holloway told the mirror that he arrived at the palace and was shown into a room containing a piano and two microphones .
matthew kenney , 34 , was high on a designer drug called flakka stripped and ran naked through traffic in fort lauderdale , florida . he told police he would ` rather die than be caught by these unknown people ' . after he was arrested , he said ` if i got hit by a car they would stop chasing me ' .
book of the week . naturalists in paradise : wallace , bates and spruce in the amazon . by john hemming . back in 1961 three young oxford graduates set off to explore the iriri river . one of them , richard mason , became the last englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe .
the game will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band . instead of playing along with computer-generated characters , wannabe rockers will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors . during its prime in 2009 the guitar hero series topped $ 2 billion -lrb- # 1.3 billion -rrb- in sales but activision abandoned the franchise in 2011 after sales dipped .
anne-louise van den nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer , called ewing 's sarcoma , aged just five , and her parents were informed she only had three months to live . incredibly , she tragically died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl elizabeth kelly , near her home in rossland , british columbia in canada , six days after giving birth on march 10 . a fundraising page
the vietnamese woman was waiting to board at tan son nhat international airport in ho chi minh city , vietnam . the traveller had checked in and was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed by a worker . the woman , who has been named locally as nguyen thi hang , was stopped by a vietjet air employee who believed her two pieces of hand luggage weighed more than the 7kg permitted .
jiaro mendez and elias acevedo were found to be ` highly intoxicated ' by tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on april 14 around 1am . the men were arguing over which phone was better , police said . the pair , covered in blood , were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body .
four koalas given a quick taste of qantas ' business class services . paddle , pellita , chan and idalia have been sent from australia . the furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves . the move will then be made permanent after their enclosure is completed .
dan price , ceo of gravity payments , is slashing his own salary by 93percent . he 's also taking up to 80percent of the company 's $ 2.2 million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries . over the next three years , gravity payments will offer at least $ 70,000 salary to all of its 120 employees .
sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year , according to the french national union of bookshops . comes as a special magazine supplement focused in the koran also saw a spike in sales following the attacks on the french satirical magazine and a jewish supermarket .
stephanie hannon , director of product management , civic innovation and social impact , will serve as her presidential campaign 's chief technology officer . in that role she will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites , mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state 's brand through the 2016 elections .
park crescent 's facade will look near-on identical to current design . residents furious at proposals , claiming years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives . development would be made up of 73 homes , ranging from studios and mews houses to five-bed flats worth # 15million . developer has now submitted fresh plans to demolish grade i listed crescent .
nsw ses have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on monday , with flash flooding , trees down and power outages across the sydney , newcastle and hunter regions . people have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money , condemning those responsible for trying to benefit from a crisis .
artist megumi igarashi said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3d printer . she told judges at tokyo district court she could face up to two years in jail if convicted of obscenity . in a case that has sparked accusations of heavy-handed censorship .
the annual water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year . locals dress up in traditional costumes , while boat races , drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of jia xing . the traditional local folklore carnival pays homage to liu chengzhong , a figure who led people in annihilating locusts in the yuan dynasty .
shoppers taking advantage of cheaper milk , vegetables and clothes as result of price wars and falling price of oil . prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade as supermarkets continue to slash the cost of milk and vegetables as they compete with each other . on the high street clothes and footwear have become even more affordable .
audrey bolte , who also finished runner-up in miss usa , told prosecutors she was looking forward to seeing poston , 29 , at a bar to play pool and drink on october 12 , 2012 , but he failed to arrive . that was because shayna hubers had shot him six times at home - during which she allegedly ` cackled ' with glee claimed a cellmate of the accused , who claims the 24-year-old confessed to her while behind bars
claudio giardiello , 46 , is said to have first killed his lawyer lorenzo alberto claris appiani , 37 , and his co-defendant before shooting dead judge fernando ciampi . prosecutors said the attack was carried out with ` cold premeditation ' .
katie hopkins said migrants in north africa should be ` burned ' to cut immigration . the 40-year-old former celebrity big brother contestant said the boats ` need pushing back ' and asked listeners to a radio show : ` why do we take on everyone else 's problem ? ' .
jimmy anderson took the wicket of denesh ramdin to claim his 384th scalp and overtake sir ian botham . the fast bowler made cricket history in the caribbean on friday . anderson had a partnership of 105 with jason holder had frustrated england .
the collector 's paradise in horfield , bristol , has gone untouched for more than 80 years . it comes complete with the original bathroom , kitchen , stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating . the semi-detached property has a guide price of between # 200,000 and # 250,000 .
samantha and david cameron 's home has been put into the spotlight recently but do his belongings live up to etiquette expert william hanson 's expectations ? use my short household audit to see how many of the below items you own and discover how posh your pile really is . score one point for each - the more points you get , the more upmarket your house must be .
maria lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on the current 's website on wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal . the alleged stalker , patrick henry kelly , from eden prairie , has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week .
the episode of an hour with ruta aired on independent tv channel lnk . claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with norwegian parents . argued that norway 's child protection service deliberately targeting lithuanian children seen as a ` sought-after commodity ' . an expert said the country needed fresh blood to combat its rates of inbreeding which she said had led to high rates of babies being born with birth defects .
george davon kennedy of dekalb , georgia , was taken in tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in panama city . a third suspect has been arrested by police as a suspect in a brutal sexual assault that occurred on a florida beach .
two women , believed to be off-duty ryanair members of staff , were passengers on the plane and were not wearing their uniform . the irish aviation authority has decided to probe the incident , which took place on good friday , after fellow passengers on board expressed their concerns about the behaviour .
andrea lindsay , 43 , from prescot , merseyside , shed more than three stone . dropped from a size 18 to a size 10 to 12 in half a year . her husband 's colleagues thought robbie had traded his wife in for a younger , slimmer model at a christmas party .
uk oil & gas investments has backtracked on its claims the uk could be sitting on an oil reserve larger than what has been extracted from the north sea and kuwait . sceptics immediately queried the bold claims - but ukog 's millionaire chairman david lenigas insisted at the time that the oil would create thousands of jobs .
david nicholson , 48 , sent explicit messages saying he was ` keen ' on her dressing up like a pupil . married father-of-four has not returned to costello school in basingstoke , hampshire , since correspondence came to light last month , and has now left the school .
lauren york , 15 , ran away from her home in north ridgeville , ohio on sunday morning . her parents believe she left their home on her bike around 4am , and first noticed she was missing when they woke up to have easter breakfast and she was gone . police have allegedly contacted the person connected to the number lauren dialed .
gitte denteneer asked staff to warm up milk for her two-month old son lucca . but when she came to pay , she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill . she tweeted a photo of the bill , which went viral and triggered outrage on twitter .
danielle and alexander meitiv , both scientists in maryland , made headlines just before christmas when police found rafi , 10 and dvora , six , wandering the sidewalk on their own . on sunday , a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home . meanwhile , mrs.meitiv tells fox 5 dc that cps workers left her and her husband to panic for
celebrations at the arts and music extravaganza in the californian desert are known for their ` out there ' outfit choices . yet even among the acres of exposed flesh , lame pieces , mesh maxi dresses , skintight patterned leggings and leotards .
dr habeeb latheef , 48 , told the women he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge their level of feeling . instead the family gp allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip . the patients had booked appointments with the indian-born doctor to deal with back pain and pins and needles .
californian joshua corbett , 50 , allegedly broke into sandra bullock 's home last summer . terrified sandra was forced to make a desperate call to the police having locked herself in a cupboard . she is heard telling the police that she is hiding in her closet . corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him .
a two-year-old girl from gardena , california was found naked sitting by herself in a parking lot two hours after disappearing from her mother at a car wash . the toddler reportedly shouted ` mommy ' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on thursday . her girl was found injured outside of jim 's burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster .
ajee narinesingh was one of the victims of ` toxic tush ' doctor oneal ron morris . she performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as fix-a-flat , super glue and mineral oil . she ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon .
jeremy scott 's spring/summer 2015 collection for moschino caused an insta-stampede . the creative head , who is famed for making kitsch cool , sent his models down the runway in milan in barbie doll inspired dresses to the sound of aqua 's iconic 90s hit .
the five-day-old hippopotamus was seen being hurled into the air after it strayed into the firing line of an adult male . the calf 's mother watched in horror as the hippo was flung along the surface of the water in the isimangaliso wetland park , in eastern south africa .
the picture was taken by a person who claims to be a student at geelong college , south-west of melbourne . in the picture taken through a window , the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen . mr barr resigned from his position after an investigation , which included a search of his computer .
a plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff during a flight from reykjavik , iceland , to denver , colorado on tuesday . it was n't until after landing that the passengers and crew found out the lightning strike caused a gaping hole at the nose of the plane . the plane landed safely in denver and no one was injured .
the 32-year-old , known only by the initials saka , admitted his father was in charge of 65 taliban troops , but claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety . he also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governor 's son .
danila kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate stray dogs from the streets . 31-year-old would travel around the south-eastern russian city using poisoned sausages and setting traps to kill strays and occasionally even people 's pets . he was arrested as part of a campaign by animal-rights activists who had spent two years monitoring him .
christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . he finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s .
a kink in the agreement with us studio lionsgate allows foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well . pedestrian.tv website reports that the one lingering issue that adversely affects netflix 's operations in australia is pre-existing distribution deals cut for its original shows .
red squirrels return to one of britain 's most stunning beauty spots after 16-year absence . native reds have been almost wiped out in the country , except for a few pockets in the north of england , the isle of wight and scotland . experts say lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area .
the pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3 million social tenants was the centrepiece of tuesday 's manifesto launch . housing associations responded furiously with one board member lambasting the proposal as the ` right to steal ' . there were even threats of a legal challenge , potentially under european human rights laws .
eli and silas keslar of yuma died after falling into arizona canal . authorities have not yet identified the victims , a go fund me page set up this weekend . the boys ' grandmother set up the page after learning about their deaths on local media . the fund to cover memorial and medical costs has already raised over $ 10,000 .
london-born emily ratajkowski swears by hiking , yoga and occasional indulgence when it comes to maintaining her enviable figure . the american model , who saw her star rocket since being cast in the video for the controversial song featuring t.i. and pharrell in 2013 , has revealed exactly how she achieves and maintains the enviable body .
the dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when scarlett o'hara encounters rhett butler , played by clark gable . it has suffered a little with age and has faded to light gray from original slate blue-gray color .
the spacious five bedroom home , based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and hollywood icon ava gardner spent her final years . entered through a long entrance hall , it has a grand double-sized reception room , private study and kitchen/dining room with a lift servicing each floor of the building . the gleaming white modern kitchen at the property which is based in ennismore gardens , london where gardner , who famously starred in the killers , the barefoot
secret service-provided ` scooby ' van motored from concord to boston logan international airport , escorted by troopers from both new hampshire and massachusetts . she arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. us airways shuttle to washington , d.c. on the way , her motorcade passed exits to the manchester , n.h. airport , which was 55 miles closer . the boston flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane with
sarah stage , 30 , came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs . but her son james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last tuesday . just days after welcoming her son into the world , sarah donned black bikini briefs and a patterned bra for her latest snaphsot .
joanna goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds . bosses noticed the high level of refunds and cctv showed goodall taking money from the till . the 30-year-old mother , who is pregnant , admitted the thefts between march 2013 and february 2014 at newcastle crown court .
a utah national guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with hot shots 2015 . military vehicles became props for the group 's risque calendar and ` behind-the-scenes ' video . the army times saw emails where members of the 19th special forces talked about removing references to their involvement .
specialised 77 brigade launched with great fanfare in january . it was widely reported that the brigade would be made up of 2,000 social media . but the mail on sunday can reveal that even when fully operational . in a letter to his troops , the brigade 's commander says he has failed to recruit enough ` talent ' to challenge is 's ascendency online .
jaclyn methuen nearly left husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive . the 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride . ray-ban original wayfarer classic . get ashlee 's pair at zappos ! visit site .
michele leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job . she has faced mounting pressure from congress , where some questioned her competence in the wake of a scathing government watchdog report detailing allegations that agents attended sex parties with prostitutes .
dr sameer patel , clinical director at the elleven practice in london 's harley street , has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the ` desk diet ' . the calcium , phosphates and vitamin d in milk provides important minerals which can help improve the health of your teeth by strengthening and de-mineralising their structure .
eddie raymond tipton , 51 , of norwalk , iowa , was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in january for illegally playing the lottery . now prosecutors say he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the random number generator selected his number in december 2010 . he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program .
abc2 's new show , tattoo tales , follows the journey of some customers of bondi ink , a busy tattoo parlour on sydney 's eastern beaches . jan bearman , who was prompted by the death of her beloved daughter , has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter . jan 's daughter shelley died of complications from diabetes in 2011 at the age of 56 from complications of the diabetes she had lived with for nearly all
the manager of the deli in brooklyn said detective ian cyrus , who has been suspended without pay , was caught on camera stealing cash . his supervisor has been placed on desk duty . on viewing the cctv security cameras , the store manager said he saw one of the detectives finding the rent money box under the counter .
andy murray 's mother judy has revealed that she ca n't wait for her son to have children with his new wife kim sears . she said that following her stint on strictly come dancing last year she taught her tennis champion son some basic dance moves . the 55-year-old tennis coach married this weekend at a service in dunblane cathedral .
the first farmers came to europe 8,000 years ago and spread early agricultural practices , starting in greece . but northern europeans during the neolithic period initially rejected the practice of farming . their findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming , which enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means for survival .
peter kelly , 19 , was fatally stabbed on tuesday night at the st croix river.about swearing took a deadly turn . one of the teenagers , levi acre-kendall , was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on friday . he is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision .
andrew hennells posted details of his plan to the social networking site . he threatened staff in tesco 15 minutes before threatening staff . a quarter of an hour later , norfolk police were alerted by a member of the public to a man brandishing a knife demanding cash from staff working at the supermarket giant 's king 's lynn branch .
warning : graphic content . the images were taken by animal rights charity humane society international -lrb- hsi -rrb- who say the baby animals ` are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody is buying ' . the animals are then skinned for their fur - being shot and wounded on the thin ice before being dragged onto ships .
charlotte watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body is an indicator you are stressed . she recommends best foods to get rid of each one . she says periods of stress use up nutrients more quickly . this is because our whole system - including energy , brain responses , hormones and immunity - is working at a higher and faster rate .
thomas lamadieu takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings . the space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed ` sky art ' . he travels the world to photograph the space between buildings in various cities .
darren goddard , 27 , spotted son lewis helget 's timeline when he logged into social networking site with intention of deleting his account . a quarter of a century earlier , 48-year-old had made heartbreaking decision to leave behind his 18-month-old son , who he thought he would never see again .
the woman , identified as 24-year-old krista dotzenrod from minnesota by the chicago sun times , said it was ` pure luck ' . ' i was sitting there , and all of a sudden there is a ball in my cup . it fell straight in there ' .
the chevrolet-fnr car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week . it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' . it was developed by gm 's pan asia technical automotive centre -lrb- patac -rrb- joint venture . the car is self-driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round . and using iris recognition software you can start it using only your
victoria mckennon is one class short of fulfilling the necessary requirements to graduate from plano senior high school in texas . the 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits as she struggles with her life-threatening condition . the school has since set out a way in which victoria could make up the missing credit and graduate in time for the main summer ceremony .
david priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance to reach his wife diane , who was struggling to breathe and whose tongue and lips had turned blue . an investigation has found that an ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes to reach the 57-year-old at her home in shildon , county durham . instead , a longer 30 minute response time was assigned - which north east ambulance service still failed to meet - and the grandmother-
pietro boselli , 26 , originally from brescia , italy , says he tried to keep his modelling a secret from his colleagues at the university college london . in an interview with the times , he said when he was trying to establish himself as a teacher , he did n't want to include his work for fashion companies such as abercrombie and fitch on his cv .
the couple , who have not been named , were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of south kirkwood road , south west houston . her husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle , slipped and he ran her over . police say that they questioned the husband extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges against him .
the legal brothel , which was the subject of hbo 's cathouse series , has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement . according to their website , they 're supporting the former secretary of state because of her work on health care reform , foreign relation experience , tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues .
smoke poured over westhampton beach on wednesday as a fire spread through 90 condos before the building collapsed . it is not known what started the blaze , which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings . the complex is used as a holiday home by residents between may and november .
the bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across north korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying their dictator . the manual contains now mention of the country 's history , instead devoting its chapters to minor -- and questionable -- details about kim jong-un 's childhood .
the 2013 birth of prince george did nothing to diminish the global fascination surrounding royal babies . americans instead favour distinctively prominent royal names , with charlotte scooping the lead with 13 per cent , and elizabeth and victoria tying at 12 per cent in terms of popularity . the survey has conducted a poll asking the uk and the us their opinions on the second child .
officers forced to accept four-day inspection from experts from moscow . they are attending exercise joint warrior , designed to send signal to president . britain and 11 other nato countries are set to contribute to naval exercise . visit began on monday at lossiemouth and involves experts from russian national nuclear threat reduction centre .
ronald peijenburg , owner of the de zwann restaurant in etten-leur , has previously used a formula 1 racing car , hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable . but the drone , which had a metal can attached containing several asparagus stalks , crashed and exploded mid-journey in the netherlands .
geraldine jones , 36 , of gary , indiana , was charged with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of samantha fleming , 23 , of anderson . police believe she was lured from her home by jones and the new mother brought serenity with her . authorities in texas have taken precautions to make sure jones ca n't leave the hospital and indiana police are hoping to begin extradition proceedings .
judge michael maggio has avoided a disciplinary hearing over the conviction , for which he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine when he is sentenced in july . maggio sparked controversy last march when he admitted posting a series of comments that were racist , sexist and offensive towards the lgbt community .
mandy greenwood , 39 , from rochdale , greater manchester , was abused by her own father throughout her childhood . she confided in her husband , dave , that she felt strong enough to seek help . she has waived her right to anonymity in hope other victims of abuse will come forward too .
master patissier eric lanlard is on-stage recalling how he once refused to bake a ` very rude ' cake for naomi campbell . she has picked up from eric 's atrium-based market caf , where the centrepiece is a beautiful , mouth-watering display .
amol gupta , from manhattan , is suing zogsports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall , breaking his nose and elbow . he is a popular american schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats .
the video taken from a patrol car dashcam captures the ` end of days ' band brawling with cops in cottonwood , arizona , on march 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight . enoch gaver , 21 , was shot in the stomach and taken into custody . during the video , you can hear one of the officers saying they needed to ` separate these folks ' and talk to them .
frances clarkson showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini . the 53-year-old revealed results of a week sunbathing over easter in the skimpy swimsuit . she accessorised with help for heroes wristband and swept her hair up into a butterfly clip .
kaitlyn granado , 24 , a math teacher at macarthur high school in irving , texas , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student . now she has been arrested again after another pupil , also aged 15 , also accused granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year .
photo stylist nathalie croquet , from paris , has recreated a series of glossy ads for her project spoof . the exhibition includes parodies of ads from givenchy , lancome , lanvin and acne . in the images , she said the project helped her to understand her job on a deeper level .
malaga , spain , airport codes make sense , such as jfk for john f. kennedy international airport in new york , of lhr for london heathrow . from unfortunate codes such as omg and sux to the funny lol , there are seemingly random three-letter combinations around the world .
` her bill was $ 20 and some change , and they paid with $ 21 and left , ' charles wright , manager of the maumee , ohio , restaurant , told bloomberg . to be fair , multimillionaire ` clinton did n't pay ' for the meal , according to wright . ` the other lady paid the bill , ' he said , referring to abedin , the vice chairwoman of clinton 's campaign .
jay rutland , 34 , married tamara ecclestone , 30 , last year . the training consultant 's firm brigante business developments is listed in company records as providing ` management consultancy activities ' . their latest accounts for the year to july 2014 were filed to companies house a fortnight ago .
ex-pm said he wanted to create a ` cadre ' of former leaders to advise governments . he said : ` why not use their talents and their experience ? ' . also praised authoritarian military regime in egypt , which has been accused of human rights abuses . mr blair said his ideas of leadership were ` close to a benevolent dictatorship ' .
an intentionally mysterious app called none * gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses . examples of ` questions ' are pictured above left and right . available for ios , android and windows phone devices , the description of the game in stores reads : ` no one really knows what none * game is about ' .
james gregoire was killed following a late-night ` altercation ' in clacton , essex . the 54-year-old victim , known as ` pongo ' , was killed in what essex police are describing as ` an altercation ' . a third man suffered minor injuries .
the other boldface name in the group is google , which comes in at no. 13 and pays an median of $ 143,000 a year . but to make it on to the payrolls of these top companies , workers needs to be highly educated , highly skilled or highly connected . they fall into three categories - tech companies , law firms and consulting firms .
police officer michael slager will be refused the right to hold the baby . he is only granted video access to his eight and a half month 's pregnant wife . they are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the charleston county jail . but the baby will not be able to enter the south carolina prison .
lorryers from bulgaria , poland and romania offered # 100 for each driver . they manage to lure into britain from their home country to work in uk . company did try recruitment drive to attract lorry drivers from cornwall . but they say they were forced to look further afield when scheme failed .
cecilily hamilton , 16 , and her friend taylor swing , 18 , died on march 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in white county and into the water below . shannon hamilton was arrested by deputies on gene nix road on sunday . his 18-year-old son , kale , captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property on his cell phone .
wei guiyi , 76 , has guided her blind hubby huang funeng , 80 , around with a bamboo pole in their small village in southern china for 30 years . despite her own hunchback condition caused by osteoporosis , the pensioner never complains about their plights and says she looks forward to every new day .
eritrean refugees haben and brother samuel made perilous journey across mediterranean to escape beheading from islamic state fanatics . they were forced to deny their faith or face death at the hands of islamist gunmen who patrol the towns and beaches of the north african state searching for ` infidels ' . tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing libya as extremists take advantage of the political chaos engulfing the country .
the aluminium battery was created at stanford university , california . it is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is ` fast-charging , long-lasting and inexpensive ' . the new battery has ` unprecedented charging times ' of down to one minute . unlike other prototypes , the battery can withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity .
the 26-year-old 's burned body was found around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park , north of griffith , nsw , on friday afternoon . the adored teacher from leeton went missing on easter sunday while preparing to marry her fianc aaron leeson-woolley . on monday , ms scott 's devastated father opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter
vera baird donated # 500,000 to victims first northumbria 's top table . the charity supports crime victims in her area and of which she is a director . the pair now face a ministry of justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting ' a soap opera ' within the force .
the 56-page document , believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript in existence , was written in 1942 at the government code and cypher school at bletchley park , in buckinghamshire . the notebook , in which he details his work on the foundations of mathematical assemblies and computer science , was sold for $ 1,025,000 . the handwritten notebook in which britain 's enigma machine genius alan turing admits he is baffled by an equation could fetch up to
former destrehan high school teacher shelley dufresne was arrested in september after the teen started bragging to friends at the st charles parish , louisiana school that he had slept with two teachers . an investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had sex with both his current english teacher from the prior year , 24-year-old rachel respess . respess taught the same student english the year prior .
a mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of far north queensland is on the market for $ 15 million . it was designed by architect charles wright and won the australian institute of architects house of the year for queensland in 2014 . the property has six bedrooms , six bathrooms , five balconies and three garage spots .
experts blame increasingly sedentary lifestyles and obsession with mobile phones for a sharp rise in the number of young people with back and neck problems . 45 per cent of the under-30s surveyed for the british chiropractic association said they had a painful back or neck -- up from 28 per cent last year .
apple is thought to have sold more than one million of its smartwatches in the first 24 hours it was available for pre-order . but uk buyers who are prepared to wait to get their hands on the eagerly anticipated wearable may want to snap up an apple watch on holiday . the most expensive edition model costs up to # 2,500 more in the uk compared to elsewhere in the world . the cheapest model is the 38mm sport version and costs # 299 in the us , the same
a bmw driver rammed a shirtless man in the street after a furious road rage row in east london . the 25-year-old driver briefly reversed before ramming into a white mercedes and white prius , appearing to trap the other man . he was taken to hospital as a precaution and then arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm .
maya angelou , the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings and on the pulse of morning , was issued a forever stamp in honor of her achievements and contributions . first lady michelle obama and oprah winfrey were just two of the big names in attendance for the unveiling which gave the public a first look at the stamp , which features a picture of angelou 's face and one of her many memorable quotes .
the legend of the seas was carrying 1,763 passengers and 747 crew on 15-night cruise from fort lauderdale , florida . the celebrity infinity , which docked monday , reported 106 people who had fallen ill with norovirus . crews immediately got to work scrubbing down and sanitizing both ships .
ella henderson has joined forces with dry shampoo brand batiste . the 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of the batiste 's 2015 ` ready for it ' campaign . this will mark the star 's first brand collaboration . she wears a plain black blouse with a black fringed leather jacket thrown on top .
eloise parry , known as ella , ` burned up from the inside ' after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol , or dnp . after accidentally taking the lethal dose on april 12 , she began feeling unwell at around lunchtime and drove herself to the royal shrewsbury hospital . her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat . despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her , she died just three hours later .
 handwritten notebook in which britain 's enigma machine genius alan turing admits he is baffled by equation could fetch up to $ 1million -lrb- # 690,000 -rrb- . it was written at the bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science . it is believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript known to exist .
marc carn , 29 , was drinking in an irish bar with ten friends near to las ramblas . he failed to turn up for his flight back home , mr carn 's worried family contacted the foreign office in a bid to track him down . but the phoneless , who runs his own building company , was dropped ` miles away ' from his accommodation by the spanish driver . he then set off to try and find his friends - and only arrived at the british consulate
peter endean , who is standing for nigel farage 's party in council elections , re-tweeted image with caption saying : ` labour 's new floating voters . coming to a country near you soon ' . around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from libya .
former chancellor says party has become ` too right-wing ' to win election outright . he also warned against offering ` blank cheques ' to the nhs and foreign aid budgets . mr clarke also said the tory leadership for making personal attacks on ed miliband . but critics warn move will place pressure on other departments like defence and policing .
pm embarked on a tour of alnwick to drum up support for re-election . but he was reprimanded by one local woman for ` name-calling ' in campaign . he was greeted by a man with a ukulele singing : ` f *** off back to eton ' .
rachel lynn lehnardt , 35 , had been a life-long follower of the mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her split from her husband james . after their divorce last year , she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church , where she had once been a sunday school teacher . her alcohol abuse culminated in the startling incident in which she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their evans
the coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers . it also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers . they will be in circulation from monday , but an artist 's impression of the coin clearly shows the craftsmanship involved .
zakiur rehman lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindi late on thursday . his release was slammed with indians calling it an ` insult ' to the victims of the three-day onslaught , which was blamed on the banned pakistani militant group lashkar-e-taiba .
the gesture lets users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network 's mobile app . it 's currently only available to selected people for testing . the gesture can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user 's most messaged friends .
a complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a louisiana branch of burger king quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the unhappy customer with a slap . cell phone footage , recorded by the unnamed customer , starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager . the angry employee comes out to the front of the restaurant to confront the customer .
thousands of holidaymakers face up to three days of chaos and cancelled flights due to strike by french air traffic controllers . easyjet and ba are among a host of major airlines expected to scrap hundreds of flights . experts fear up to half of all flights between the uk and france could be axed .
court records show he was $ 7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments . his family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee during the deadly traffic stop . but there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge , despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012 .
horry county police said the mother , who will be identified once she is formally charged , turned herself in on thursday night . the baby girl was found struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by austin detray . inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta , according to wmbf . the 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition , and the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is
one in five american women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look . nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look - even it proved hazardous to their health . seven per cent , meanwhile , have actually had allergic reactions . survey conducted by beauty research organization lqs and associates .
drew hollinshead , 21 , stopped in the first space available when he saw the pensioner collapse on the pavement . but as he helped her for less than a minute , a traffic warden put a # 70 ticket on his car . he initially tore it up and threw it in the bin before going back to pick it up . after discovering she was right and helping her to her feet , he returned to the car only to find the warden printing the ticket .
eight guards at nauru detention centre have been suspended after they posted anti-islamic messages on social media . they were pictured with pauline hanson at a recent reclaim australia rally in brisbane earlier this month . the guards were found to contravening a company policy that they display ` cultural sensitivity ' . one guard , harley levanic , posted a picture to facebook in february of a new neck tattoo bearing the word ` infidel ' and tagged
the force awakens panel held at california 's anaheim convention center on thursday . carrie fisher , 58 , who is reprising her role as princess leia , and mark hamill , 63 , were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the december film was rolled out .
maria kukucova , 25 , was arrested in april last year after former partner andy bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the costa del sol in southern spain . the blonde model had gone on the run but was tracked down to her family 's home 2,000 miles away in the small western slovakian town of nova basoca . now her parents lubomir kukuca , 50 , and danka kuk
a new metro line extension opened this week in the czech capital . passengers transfer from trains to buses does n't have a moving staircase . the project was supposed to transform nadrazi veleslavin station into a transport hub for the airport , with passengers transferring to trains , not buses .
the actor and former california governor has a different take on the controversy . he wrote an op-ed for the washington post : ` as an american , i 'm incredibly concerned about what happened in indiana this week and the threat of similar laws being passed in other states ' .
marcus and his nine-year-old sister aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in clinton . the boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke . he told the dispatcher that his older brother , mother and step-father were also in the home .
klaus-dieter scheurle , head of the deutsche flugsicherung authority , urged aviation industry to develop the system which could help prevent a repeat of the germanwings crash last month . investigators believe co-pilot andreas lubitz locked his captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed the plane into a french mountainside on march 24 .
may wong 's four-year-old cockapoo darcy has travelled 11 countries and 23 destinations including new york , berlin , stockholm , milan and paris . she has covered nearly 25,000 miles since 2011 - making her a real-life phileas dog .
linden adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at kent state university in ohio on wednesday . the 56-year-old , who works in the college of applied engineering , can be heard shouting : ` what kind of moron are you ? ' .
ss sergeant oskar groening , known as ` the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' , is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp . they spoke of their pain , pride and duty in confronting this ` cog ' in the machinery of genocide .
star turned up hours late to his own ` intimate gig ' and only performed two songs . music lovers paid nearly # 40 to see singer perform in canterbury last night . he then spent just a few minutes on stage , playing two of his songs . fans are believed to have paid more than # 100 to meet tinie , 26 .
hoda muthana , 20 , spoke out about her decision to ditch her life as a college student in hoover , alabama , after being persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a muslim . now the radicalized former student has called for drive-by shootings in america on memorial day and for blood to be spilled .
 rappers quavious marshall , 24 , kirschnick ball , 20 , and kiari cephus , 23 , were escorted off the georgia southern university campus mid-performance on saturday night and taken into custody . all of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not fulfill their upcoming tour dates .
the national union of teachers has called for a ` positive portrayal of same sex relationships ' in lessons to be made ` compulsory ' under the next government . critics accused the nut of ` thought control ' and said the ` intolerant ' proposals risked ` oversexualising ' children at a young age . meanwhile , christian groups warned it would compel teachers at faith schools to act against their beliefs .
audio has surfaced of michael slager , 33 , laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the deadly shooting in south carolina . the conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer 's patrol car following the incident in north charleston on april 5 . the footage continued to record for another hour and a recording of the audio feed , including the conversation between slager and a senior officer .
chris keates likened the caffeinated refreshments to ` readily available legal highs ' . some children drink ` excessive ' amounts of red bull , monster and relentless . of the 3,500 teachers it surveyed , 13 per cent cited ` use of caffeine and energy drinks ... as a driver of poor pupil behaviour ' .
cellphone footage appears to show a minneapolis police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling . the march 18 video recorded by faysal mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends .
the 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of ona beach in lincoln county at about 9.30 am on thursday . biologists with the oregon coast aquarium and oregon state university 's hatfield marine science center inspected the boat remains and found ` several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of japan ' .
britons are treating themselves to furniture , clothing and meals out again . spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months . entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit theatre , cinema and amusement parks . spending on women 's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year .
tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009 . since then , legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions . in 2013 and 2014 , the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup .
the unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20 am sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on utica ave. near prospect place in crown heights . one passer-by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a ` halloween prank ' .
grant shapps was last night at the centre of extraordinary claims . he is accused of deleting embarrassing references to his past from his own page . david cameron defended mr shapps saying party chairman is doing ' a great job ' . he has suspended anonymous user of site , known only as ` contribsx ' .
jessica silva visits the home of james polkinghorne 's father to explain why she had to kill her abusive husband . michael usher , the veteran journalist who conducted the interview , has revealed her walked away from the experience ` totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people ' . he also admitted that despite all the revelations about his son 's abusive ways , mr polkedhorne could still not understand why his son was dead .
the department of twin research conducted a poll of voting preferences . the aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences so we can draw broader conclusions about people 's voting habits . in non-identical twins the dna will not be the same and so differences can occur .
an unusual tomb dating to between the 5th and 6th century seems to hold the remains of two lovers , one of whom may have been killed so the pair could lie together for eternity . the bones of the two people can be seen on top of one another , leading some experts to suggest the set-up was designed to imitate sex .
rev. sharpton preached at the charity missionary baptist church and addressed the scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation . elected officials and police from north charleston were in attendance and south carolina senator marlon kimpson was also there to hear sharpton speak . sharpton wrote on facebook : ` joining us this morning is mayor keith summey , police chief eddie driggers , and assistant police chief reggie burgess ' .
a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating . one in five had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes . a careless one in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes and eight in 100 had fallen off a ladder .
 insurgent actress shailene woodley colours her lips with roasted beetroot rather than lipstick . the 23-year-old star is n't the only celebrity who favours natural beauty products . blake lively says her mother taught her to slather mayonnaise on the bottom half of her hair before showering to avoid it drying out .
joseph o'riordan , 76 , left his wife mandy , 47 , with life-threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity . but today it can be revealed that her married postman lover , nick gunn , 41 , had previous affairs with women on his rounds .
prosecutor nafir afzal said hundreds of british teenagers see isis as ` pop idols ' like one direction and justin bieber . he warned that ` another 7/7 ' could happen unless britain makes sweeping changes to the way it tackles terrorism . he said the propaganda terrorists put out is akin to marketing .
london mayor , who has been largely invisible at a national level , will make a joint appearance with david cameron . there have been growing calls from conservative mps for mr johnson to be ` weaponised ' as the party seeks to break away from labour . the conservatives were on 34 per cent , with labour down two on 33 per cent .
holly barber , from manchester , woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains - but chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before . when the 25-year-old started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious . she rushed to hospital , where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms , blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs , killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly . she was treated with medication but incredibly , a year later was dealt
london-based designer crispin sinclair claims to have made the world 's safest bike . called the babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage . the bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor . crispin is seeking # 50,000 of funding on site indiegogo .
spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration . until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain . but then the climate warmed to 13 c -lrb- 55 f -rrb- and became more humid . this enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions .
ashley madison , an online dating agency , is betting on europe 's relaxed attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in london later this year . it 's founder noel biderman , 43 , who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney .
president barack obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands on friday at a meeting in panama . the white house has set expectations for a ` substantive ' exchange between castro , brother of revolutionary leader fidel , and obama today . the pair will have a more robust exchange on saturday .
sandra mathis , 52 , surrendered to police just after 4.45 pm in the 1800 block of commercial street after police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her husband 's upper torso . the 48-year-old victim was discovered lying unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck . he was taken to ucsd medical center where he was pronounced dead from his injuries two hours later .
john brynarsky 's son chris was shot and killed in october 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in union county , north carolina . when he was shot , he fell over the bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it . his friend mark cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car , but not before writing a message on the inside .
police have released cctv images of peter fox leaving liverpool lime street . the 26-year-old was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away . the body of sarah fox , 27 , was found by police on thursday night . merseyside police said mrs fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed .
yvonne camargo , 39 , of victorville , california , was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on april 3 . the video was filmed april 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as edward moneyhanz on youtube saw the woman ` pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store ' .
jamal kiyemba , 36 , was detained in kampala in connection with the death of joan kagezi , who was killed in front of her children days before a major trial against islamist terror network al-shabaab . he is one of 16 former guantanamo prisoners awarded a # 20million payout from the british taxpayer over claims of false imprisonment and human rights abuse .
the searing california heat was excuse enough for countless festival revellers to ditch most of their clothes , and the scraps that remained left much to be desired . one woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips , two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug .
the southern spanish port is having a moment thanks to a multi-million pound regeneration project , and several new galleries and museums . this once down-at-heel city has become one of europe 's hippest destinations . along with a thriving cultural scene , there are good restaurants , great shopping and exciting nightlife .
hayley grimes , 42 , was just a teenager when she found the body of baby peter wrapped in a blanket and sainsbury 's bag in weasenham st peter , norfolk . yesterday , it emerged that the boy 's mother had been arrested nearly three decades on , after police used dna profiling techniques to trace back to his family .
marla mccants , 43 , from nashville , tennessee , was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage . after a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery , the 43-year-old still refused to let medical professionals help her stand up . if she did n't get up , she would spend the rest of her very short life bedridden .
around 3,200 malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps . their plight emerged as south africa 's influential zulu king goodwill zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country . two zimbabwean nationals sleep inside a tent at the international organisation for migration reception and support centre in beitbridge .
survey of 15,560 family doctors found one in six considering quitting altogether . senior gps say they are facing ` incredible ' pressures brought on by ageing population . their morale is low despite fact they benefited from pay deal ten years ago . health secretary jeremy hunt has pledged to alter targets and invest more in surgeries .
olivier rousteing has revealed why he snapped kim kardashian and kanye west up to front his balmain campaign . the french designer , who recruited the loved-up couple for his army of lovers campaign , says they are ` among the most talked-about people ' .
rescue workers tasked with freeing almost 100 dogs that had been kept locked up in a blacked-out barn in tennessee this week say they were met with fear when approaching the animals , but not their own . the dogs , who had been living in complete darkness , were found last saturday in the barn in manchester ; many emaciated , ` living in several inches of their own waste ' and close to death .
baroness hale of richmond said she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes . around 120,000 couples divorce in england and wales each year . those who want to divorce quickly are encouraged to cite unfaithfulness . lady hale also wants arrangements for children and money .
julius caesar famously collapsed at the battle of thapsus in 46bc . doctors at imperial college london came to the conclusion after taking a new look at caesar 's symptoms described in greek and roman documents . they found mini-strokes affected both his mental and physical state .
gang planned to put cash in briefcase and show it to jeweller at pre-arranged meeting . then , while a price was agreed , the man in the cabinet would switch the case for one containing counterfeit notes . gang posed as wealthy italians , would then walk off with their money and the stolen jewellery .
jarret stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , a former espn employee who now works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports . on monday tmz sports added that the athlete was trying to smuggle over three grams of cocaine and over eight grams of mdma by hiding them in his board shorts . stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital
tania rahman , 27 , was asked by salisbury city council if she wanted to run a stand at the celebration later this month . but when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall , chit chaat chai , would not be allowed because it is not ` english-themed ' . she was one of many food stall-holders who applied to take part in the event planned for sunday , april 26 .
laura jordan , 24 , was told her now husband jack , 23 , had just weeks to live on saturday april 11 , having battled leukaemia since 2013 . the couple , from brixham , devon , got engaged at jack 's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news .
the florida senator said he was n't against gay marriage , but believes the ` definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman ' . he also said that as a catholic , he would n't stop loving someone if they were involved in a same-sex union he would ` of course attend ' .
kelly parsons , 35 , from morden , south west london , has donated 50 of her eggs to help childless couples conceive . in the space of 11 months , the 35-year-old 's eggs have become twin girls , twin boys and a baby boy . after eight years of trying and three heartbreaking miscarriages , kelly gave birth to daughter emily in january 2011 .
french coach forced to perform u-turn on river slipway in dartmouth , devon . he was carrying a bus full of french tourists and under the watchful stare . eyewitnesses feared one wrong move from the driver and the bus would slid into the estuary . terrified gallic customers were said to have clung onto their seats .
the unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on sunday afternoon . ` child was fine and was safely reunited with parents ' following the incident , secret service spokesman brian leary said . the incident is the second lockdown in washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on saturday .
the tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the river mersey in stockport in the 1930s and were originally intended to provide car parking spaces . but following the outbreak of the second world war , the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter where residents of lancashire and cheshire could hide from nazi bombs .
 waheed ahmed , 21 , is the son of rochdale politician shakil ahmed . he was arrested with eight relatives in a remote turkish border town . but it is understood he is now returning to the uk and will fly from dalaman . majority of the family flew to turkey on march 27 from manchester airport .
william ziegler , now 39 , was initially convicted of capital murder in 2001 . but in 2012 his conviction was overturned by judge sarah stewart . he pointed out that his lawyers were substandard , a key witness later recounted her testimony . today he is a free man again after he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder .
candice bergen , now 68 , admitted she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit cbs sitcom , murphy brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988 . after the first year of the hit tv show , when she won the golden globe and emmy for best actress , her salary headed skyward for over ten years .
marc gasol of the memphis grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the new orleans pelicans 110-74 on wednesday night . that 's when he stopped to quickly chat with a young fan on the sidelines , who animatedly talked and pointed to gasol before they exchanged a high five .
niamh geaney , a 26-year-old student and tv presenter , found her doppleganger after she teamed up with two friends to launch a project called twin strangers . the aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days .
terry cooper , 79 , was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog sam . the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs in curry rivel , somerset . mr cooper said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there .
authorities have closed a total of six chinese restaurants in the local area since police raided the lo yen city restaurant in southern tijuana . the customer called in the cops after witnessing kitchen staff killing the dog , later intended to be served up masquerading as pork in the next chow mein .
le manoir aux quat ` saisons had been on my wish list for a while . mum is such a huge fan of raymond blanc she once confessed he could be her mastermind subject ... nestled in the green rolling hills of the chilterns , le manoir is a striking building .
a group called community technology alliance is giving away free google handsets which come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters , soup kitchens , and warn of severe weather . the phones are designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing , as companies often require people to visit their websites . holly leonard , a homeless woman from san francisco who has spent time in jail and in a women 's refuge , has used her free handset to find herself a new home in san jose
the female seal , who was called sponge bobby by rescue workers suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after the high-speed impact . the force of the collision broke her jaw causing her a painful death off the dorset coast . wildlife photographer and environmental campaigner steve trewhella said : ` you have to assume that under the circumstance is struck by a boat or jet ski ' .
munroe , 27 , from east london , has modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including illamasqua and boy london . but now she 's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens .
shona banda , 37 , has a custody hearing monday in garden city , kansas . her boy was taken by authorities on march 24 after officials reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services . she did not give authorities consent to search her home , but they returned several hours later with a warrant and discovered marijuana in plant , oil , joint , gel and capsule form .
marion ` suge ' knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a california courtroom on wednesday . during his appearance in the los angeles courtroom , the death row records co-founder complained to judge ronald coen and said he could walk . knight , a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot , fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing . his lawyer , matt fletcher , said authorities put knight in the chair and chained him down
laura everley , 36 , had experienced bloating , lower back pain and constipation over a three-month period . had previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis , she put the symptoms down to those conditions . tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread .
the westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in syria and iraq . this would partly explain why so many western extremists are eager to take part in the terror group 's sickening propaganda releases . british militants have previously been known to complain on social media about being ordered to clean toilets or wash the plates of senior terrorists .
the illicit drugs , worth more than $ 1.3 million -lrb- # 950,000 -rrb- in street value , were discovered in a suitcase that arrived at the airport in nice on a flight from the dominican republic . officials said the drugs were found after a flight arrived from the caribbean . officials questioned the tourist whose name was on the bag and are satisfied he did not smuggle the cocaine .
jihadi brides have escaped from islamic state 's female police force . doaa and umm were smuggled from raqqa , in syria , to southern turkey . they said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others . the pair , who are living in turkey illegally , are scared they will be discovered .
guernsey police sent ten officers to the island last thursday to raid dr rory lyon 's surgery and a private address . yvonne deegan , 77 , described the investigation as ` absolutely diabolical ' and said she was ` perfectly happy ' with the care provided by dr lyons .
labour leader will hand scottish mps the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments in a desperate attempt to reverse exodus of voters . he will unveil radical proposals in his manifesto , due to be published tomorrow , as he attempts to fight back in scotland .
a jury in placerville , california , took less than two hours on wednesday to return a guilty verdict for first-degree murder against colleen ann harris . mrs harris wept in court and covered her face as the verdict came back . she could get 50 years to life when she is sentenced on june 5 .
the centers for disease control and prevention said there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members . the ship was on its journey from march 29 to april 13 , federal health officials said . the cdc said staff on the infinity stepped up cleaning and disinfection in response to the outbreak . symptoms of norovirus include vomiting , diarrhea , fever and body aches .
gavin thorman , 36 , of caernarfon , operated his drug empire from hmp altcourse . he boasted in welsh that he would make ` millions ' when he got out of jail . drugs worth # 200,000 , luxury cars , guns and even a boat were seized . thorman organised supply of cocaine and cannabis from liverpool and manchester in one of the largest conspiracies of its kind in north wales .
libertarian icon rand paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional swag , including the ` rand on a stick ' item feature above . for $ 75 paul fans can own a throw rug featuring the kentucky senator who made a name for himself by championing issues not typically associated with the gop .
police officer luke watson has dyed his hair hot pink in order to protest against homophobia , discrimination and any acts of bullying towards lgbt people . the day of pink was born in nova scotia after two high school students intervened when a gay classmate , who was wearing a pink shirt , was being bullied .
the 34-year-old reality tv star shared her beauty essentials on instagram . it protects her skin with a # 65 -lrb- $ 96 -rrb- creme de la mer spf 30 uv protecting fluid . kim uses a nars face wash and black clarisonic mia sonic skin cleansing system .
blake cronkhite , 5 , and jayden secrest , 3 , were riding this kid-size atv , with blake at the wheel and the atv plunged into a pond in northern california . the boys , ages 5 and 3 , died sunday afternoon despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore . investigators say the 5-year-old , identified as blake , was driving the 50cc atv ,
julia louis-dreyfus has revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of hbo 's political comedy veep was inspired by none other than presidential candidate hillary clinton . speaking in the latest issue of marie claire 's career-oriented supplement @work , the 54-year-old , who stars as fictional us president selina meyer in the hit comedy show , was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary
the couple , whose second child is due on saturday , returned to their london base just a few minutes ' drive from the private lindo wing at st mary 's , paddington . the news came as kensington palace revealed william will enjoy what amounts to six weeks ' paternity leave around the arrival of the new little prince or princess . until today the second in line to the throne , who is a trainee pilot with the east anglia air ambulance in norfolk ,
the defaced statue of british colonialist cecil rhodes is tied by straps to a crane before its removal at the university of cape town . the government has backed the move , and sandile memela , said they are working to see if the country can take an ` official position ' on statues and other colonial symbols .
sir richard branson 's private game reserve is in south africa 's sabi sands . she was with her mate james and we laughed awkwardly as we climbed back into the vehicle . the luxurious ulusaba game reserve in southern africa is a popular destination . with 1,000 rhinos killed by poachers last year alone , they are increasingly difficult to view .
alan rogers , 73 , smashed the skull of 76-year-old grandfather fred hatch . mr hatch 's worried wife enid then went looking for her husband . she then found rogers standing over bloodied body of her husband before fleeing . rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is due to be sentenced later today .
israeli team of developers built a ` thermal protection ' case that not only warns you when your phone is getting too hot . called amited , the case uses micro-fans to blow heat away from the device . if it gets too hot , optimal engages its anti-freeze protection mode to gently heat the phone using resistance coils . the recommended storage temperature for most batteries is 15 c -lrb- 59 f -rrb- , while the ` extreme optimal ' temperature is
police in hagerstown , maryland , are promising a thorough investigation into the death of a man in custody after officers shocked him with a stun gun outside a home he allegedly had broken into . chief mark holtzman says the man died either inside an ambulance , accompanied by two officers , or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead shortly early friday morning . the man was not carrying identification but police were later able to identify him as darrell lawrence brown , 31 , of upper mar
charlene mess , 48 , was arrested on monday after her husband of 30 years , 52-year-old douglas mess , was found dead at their farm in attica , new york . state troopers went to the home at 1229 exchange street road after the couple 's son reported that his father was missing . an air and ground search was carried out by the wyoming county sheriff 's office , local volunteer fire companies , friends and family members .
bridget klecker , 42 , was killed and another injured when they were struck by a car fleeing the police in san francisco . police tried to stop the suspects ' stolen car around 10pm on friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns . but the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk , killing her .
police in ragusa , a sicilian port town , arrested three syrian men who were at the helm of the turkish-flagged yacht attempting to reach the italian coast . it is thought the smugglers had charged each person $ 8,500 -lrb- # 5,700 -rrb- to make the crossing , with police saying the total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of # 536,000 . this is far more than the usual cost of between 1
victoria wasteney , 38 , says she was branded a ` religious nutcase ' when she was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist . her lawyers have now submitted a challenge to an employment tribunal . they broke the law by restricting her freedom of conscience and religion - enshrined in article nine of the european convention of human rights .
richard lapointe , 69 , from connecticut celebrated walking free from jail today after spending more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife 's grandmother . last month a court ruled he was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on friday , a judge ordered him to be freed on $ 25,000 cash bail . the former inmate was photographed walking out of the hearing alongside his attorney and another supporter with his arms weakly raised in the air.in
gold and silver bars had been loaded in murmansk onto a former irish sea ferry , converted into a battle cruiser with her superstructure stripped to take part in a dangerous arctic convoy . the bullion was to pay the americans for arms shipped to russia during one of the most crucial stages of the second world war .
the channel 4 programme , hosted by actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead , celebrates the pair 's love affair with classic cars . each episode looks at the history of various types of cars , as the pair give old-bangers a new lease of life by restoring them to their former glory .
tim tebow will sign with the philadelphia eagles on monday , just in time for the off-season program , espn 's adam schefter reports . the agreement with tebow , 27 , stemming from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month . tebow 's last regular-season nfl game appearance was in december 2012 with the new york jets , from which he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just
david cameron has urged ukip supporters to ` come home ' to conservatives . but has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on eurosceptic party . mr farage sparked controversy last week when he used televised leaders ' debate to target people with hiv coming to britain .
matthew halliday , the owner of the bradford brewing company , said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery 's brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row . the row started after the respect party parliamentary candidate for bradsford west seemed to take offence . galloway hit back saying : ` well then , i shall return to this matter after the election . you have been most unwise ' .
dr teresa belton says simple activities such as inviting someone out for a cup of tea , singing in a community choir and practicing good posture can all improve general wellbeing . this is because they are all activities that generate a sense of belonging , and help the person adopt confident habits . author believes simple acts such as straightening posture can increase happiness levels over time .
for me it 's all about watching the parade of stunning women wearing dresses that i would neither be able to fit into nor afford . as a matter of fact i could n't find a single jowl on anyone . these women had expression lines , wrinkles around their eyes and on their forehead when speaking , but chins and jaw lines that were as tight as a girl just sitting her gcse 's .
sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum and his wife princess haya of jordan royal ascot race meeting . the ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff . the car park will be built next to battersea heliport by the river thames .
ben powers played the character of thelma 's husband keith in the show 's sixth and final season between 1978-1979 . he passed away at his new bedford , massachusetts home on april 6 at the age of 64 . his family has not revealed the cause of his death .
tectonica is responsible for websites of more than 200 labour parliamentary candidates . it also designed websites of harriet harman , andy burnham and tristram hunt . it is also designed by the website of charles thatcher win 1979 election . it echoes argentinian president cristina kirchner 's attack on ` senile ' us judge thomas griesa .
the abc have reported that for a few hundred dollars , you can purchase your own kit on the web , and nothing is stopping buyers from using it on their children . online advertisements have promised immediate results , but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear . experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online .
the theory has surfaced in a letter to the respected financial times newspaper from aviation boss matt andersson , president of chicago-based indigo aerospace . the french alps tragedy which occurred on the flight between barcelona to dusseldorf has been widely blamed on co-pilot andreas lubitz , 28 . he is believed to have barricaded himself in the cockpit of the germanwings a320 airbus before flying the packed plane into the mountainside as the captain
the stunt was executed by the ecuadorean airline tame , ecuador 's tourism ministry and ministry of transport and public works . but the stunt sparked outrage from the costa rican tourism institute , the presidential palace and the foreign ministry . as ecuador residents arrived , not in costa .
samantha fleming , 23 , went missing from her home in anderson , indiana , on april 5 . her body was found friday wrapped up in plastic and doused with bleach . police believe the woman posed as a child protective services employee . fleming recently gave birth to a daughter , serenity , and lives with her boyfriend .
google is offering users the option of downloading their entire search archive , as well as deleting part , or all , of the record . to delete your entire search history , click settings , remove items and pick a time frame . the feature exports your searches to google drive in a zip archive , with files divided by year and quarter .
amanda casey , also of north carolina , was married to michael wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced . he went on to marry his third wife , shelby wilkie . he was found guilty of first-degree murder in january for the 2012 killing of his third spouse .
 homaro cantu , 38 , was found dead tuesday in the midst of a bitter lawsuit lodged by a former investor in moto and ing . an autopsy has been scheduled for wednesday , but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father-of-two 's death as a suicide .
abdul hadi arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black volkswagen passat on tuesday morning in wembley , north west london . the 48-year-old syrian national was an outspoken critic of the assad regime and ` actively ' campaigned against extremist , his family have since revealed . on monday morning scotland yard confirmed that a 46-year old had been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .
chernae noonan , who founded eyebrow shaping business the brow bar , has blocked the cosmetic giant 's application to trademark the phrase . benefit is owned by louis vuitton moet hennessy -lrb- lvmh -rrb- , which is run by luxury goods tycoon bernard arnault .
army psychiatrist major nidal hasan opened fire on november 5 , 2009 , killing 13 men and women at the military post in killeen , texas , injuring 30 others before he was shot himself . authorities initially classed the mass murder as ` workplace violence ' but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism . earlier this year , it was ruled that victims will be honored with purple hearts - awarded in the name of the president to those wounded or killed .
prime minister reveals he and his wife were ` falling apart ' with the pressure of trying to care for their son ivan after he was born disabled . ivan was born with ohtahara syndrome , a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair , needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits .
michael kimmel , 40 , was taken into custody by kentucky state police on monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider . trooper j. gabbard 's report says he was ordered to stop , but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat , jeans and boots .
the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17-year-old leelah alcorn . the transgender teen committed suicide in december and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy . in a statement late wednesday , white house senior adviser valerie jarrett said the administration supports banning so-called conversion therapy treatments for minors .
the film , about a female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 nazi troops , is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived . despite the freeze in ties between the former soviet nations that has seen ukraine ban a slew of modern russian films .
jahnae jackson was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour four weeks ago . the 18-year-olds from northern nsw have raised over $ 80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on wednesday by renowned neurosurgeon dr. charlie teo . on monday they reached the target on their gofundme page , and although they still need an additional $ 45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees , they are overwhelmed by
the film , ` child 44 ' , starring tom hardy , vincent cassel and gary oldman , tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in the stalin era . russia 's culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated its victory over nazi germany .
dr adam cobb was taken into custody on friday in portsmouth , new hampshire , for receipt and distribution of child pornography . if convicted he faces 20 years ' jail in the us . cobb took up the position at the us naval war college in rhode island after holding senior military and government roles in australia .
harley renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney , neck , lungs and bones . but his ninja turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy . staff at children 's tv channel nickelodeon sent him a box full of ninja turtle presents for christmas . he will undergo regular check-ups over the coming years to make sure he stays free of the disease .
the paper 's powerful photo series entitled 'till death do us part , ' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why south carolina is among the deadliest states for women . last year , the award went to the washington post and the guardian for their coverage of national security agency documents leaked by edward j. snowden .
genealogists have made an error in compiling the family tree of hillary clinton . as she kicks off her bid to enter the white house , she could claim that her path to the presidency began 160 years ago . for while the us democrat has previously spoken of her british ancestry , a definitive family tree has revealed her links to a poor mining community in the welsh valleys .
gerald whalen visited the fast food outlet with his wife april and their two young children at around 9.30 pm last thursday . the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film , being broadcast on the restaurant 's television . kfc has since apologized for the incident and pledged to ensure certain channels will no longer be accessed .
police began combing woodland in argyll this afternoon following reports of a small plane losing contact with ground control . at around 8pm this evening officers discovered the remains of the two passengers thought to have been on board . comes after a rescue operation was launched in the beinn nan lus area of glen kinglass earlier today .
evansville in comanchea county , kansas , is a shadow of its former self , with its once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair . however , the ghost town is still home to two final residents , who tend to the site 's numerous cattle - rancher larry ` dee ' scherich and his wife , phyllis . instead , they encounter only hired workers in the town , which previously housed the headquarters of the largest cattle
michael thomas slager 's police personnel file suggests that his bosses considered him a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light . residents of the charleston , south carolina , have said the shooting of unarmed black driver walter scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police .
dr george hamilton , the chief apostle of the w.o.r.d. ministries in summerville , south carolina , launched an attack on officer michael slager , who killed scott last week by shooting him five times in the back . hundreds of mourners were crammed inside the small church today , where scott 's casket , draped in an american flag , was led in , accompanied by his distraught mother .
david and victoria beckham want to install air-con in five rooms . but one neighbour was furious with the proposals , claiming it ` will affect the historic character of the victorian house of the streets , my house included ' . they already have homes in california , france and dubai .
alison saunders was forced into a humiliating climbdown after a jury threw out yet another old bailey case . she abandoned the trials of nine journalists accused of illegally paying public officials for information . she finally admitted there was little appetite among the public for journalists who expose matters of public interest to be jailed .
mackenzi sue-rose miller , 21 , allegedly struck and killed trinity backmann on february 28 in apopka , florida . her blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110 , lab tests showed . miller was booked into orange county jail on thursday after turning herself in and is out on a $ 3,500 bond .
martin and jessica castillo , from nuevo laredo , mexico , lost the ring . they were scuba diving during their honeymoon in playa del carmen in february 2013 . they had all but given up hope of finding it when they were told it had been found by massachusetts resident daniel roark . now , in honor of the lucky reunion with their ring , mr and mrs castillo have renewed their vows .
bobby brown admitted ' i du n no what the hell i am going through right now , but i am giving it to god and letting him deal with it ' . in an emotional outburst during a concert bobby appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter 's ongoing battle for her life .
julio acevedo , 46 , was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that instantly killed nachman and raizel glauber . the driver , who was convicted in february , is thought to have been traveling in his bmw at 70mph , twice the speed limit , when the incident occurred just after midnight on march 3 , 2013 .
ukip leader was booed by voters at methodist central hall as he faced claims he blamed all of britain 's problems on migrants . pollster icm hired by the bbc to select the audience members , today defended its process ` using random location selection techniques ' . mr farage said something had gone ` wrong ' with the process .
ronald anderson , 48 , was arrested february 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the washington , d.c. suburb of prince george 's county . he was released the day of his arrest . anderson had previously been convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his ` visibly afraid ' girlfriend .
the account was started by writer kaylin pound and relies on submissions via direct messages . now boasting 148,000 followers , the account is dedicated to finding and posting images of the hottest guys with the cutest pups they can possibly find . highlights include a tiny puppy looking into the camera while wearing its handsome owner 's sunglasses , and another enjoying a float around a pool in a doughnut-print rubber ring .
shamima begum and amira abase , both 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 , crossed over turkish-syrian border last february . they are believed to be living in the syrian city of raqqa . the trio are now training with one of the notorious females arms of isis .
holly , 34 , and davina mccall , 47 , have joined forces in first campaign . they show off glossy locks in shoot with garnier nutrisse , 4.3 . the presenters star has added another string to her bow by designing vintage-inspired clothes for babies .
the 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on tuesday in arapahoe county district court after a selection process that began on january 20 . holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the july 2012 attack at a century movie theater in aurora , colorado .
rosannah gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in december last year . a specialist at sydney 's westmead children 's hospital discovered the football-sized tumour , which weighs more than half her body weight , growing around her vital organs and pressing against her spine . her aunt , jessica searle , said that rosannah 's mother knew something more was wrong when the toddler 's stomach began to swell .
alex salmond has stepped up the pressure on ed miliband . said he wo n't be able to avoid a deal with the snp and was ` foolish ' to rule out a coalition . said all parties would have to face up to the ` electorate 's judgment ' . comes after nicola sturgeon warned miliband he would not be forgiven .
mohammed ali malek , 27 , was arrested when he stepped onto sicilian soil . he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims of the tragedy being carried off the ship for burial on the island of malta . malek was later charged with multiple manslaughter , causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration .
sienna miller started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies . but despite being ` very sporty at school ' , the actress says she 's ` not a gym person ' . she also works with a personal trainer , power-walking and jogging around her local park .
the details of george osborne 's leaked plans are unclear , but it is thought this would mean that those on the minimum wage would be exempt from paying any income tax -- even if its level is raised in future . the tories look set to outflank both labour and the lib dems on the issue of low pay with a firm commitment in their own manifesto .
comres survey shows lib dems are up three points to 12 per cent , equal with ukip . it is the latest bad news for mr farage and undermines his claim . poll will ease tory jitters showing that with less than a month to go to election day , the tories are on 34 per cent and labour on 33 per cent .
the image was taken by brad allan in cape york , far north queensland . he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye . mr allan describes it as ` the sunrise digger who 's been watching over us for 100 years ' . the 50-year-old said the image is quite fitting considering the upcoming centenary of anzac day .
the northern territory 's chief minister adam giles and minister for children and families john elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in alice springs . ` get your kids off the streets . get them back to communities and back into school , ' mr giles said .
frankie ruttledge , from yorkshire , weighed 18 stone 7lbs and struggled with her weight all her life before dieting to a svelte size 10/12 . the 24-year-old , who has been a ` fat bridesmaid ' three times , ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast , pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama . he was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year . he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living . miliband made his crackdown on those do not pay tax on their foreign earnings a key pledge in his manifesto .
dana marie mckinnon , 24 , was taken into custody tuesday on charges of dui manslaughter and vehicular homicide . she is being held at the orange county jail on $ 10,150 bail . the victim was pronounced dead at the scene , despite good samaritans ' desperate efforts to save him .
 yogita rameshbhai nandwana , five , and anisha , three , weigh 5st 5lbs -lrb- 34kg -rrb- and their 18-month-old brother harsh , are among the world 's heaviest young children . the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month . yogita is planning to sell his kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists .
dr vicky jolliffe , a consultant dermatologist at the royal london hospital and a specialist in hair loss , says that in my practice i see lots of girls with low ferritin levels stored iron rather than iron in your blood . eating protein with every meal is vital to strong , healthy hair , as hair consists of protein , experts say .
rob macfarlane was working on stands east of the rogers centre at yonge and the esplanade in downtown toronto . the animal slowly climbed to the ground without being hurt and ` found somewhere else to sleep all day ' . he has n't documented prior appearances by raccoons .
rebecca exton-russell , 37 , was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including marks & spencer , qvc and dove . but the derby-based model was secretly ` repulsed ' by her body , so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months .
sally white , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water . his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days . but sally 's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed .
dr rory lyons ' private health centre and medical officials have suspended 62-year-old from treating patients . cousins karen and colin cosheril were patients of the alderney family doctor when they died . islanders claim the death from pneumonia of karen , 52 , in january prompted the investigation .
abdulkadir zeyat , 45 , his 43-year-old wife antika , and their six children were all discovered at their home in alintepe in the country 's eastern agri province . authorities believe the family , which included siblings as young as three-years-old , died of food poisoning . other theories suggested the tragic deaths may have been down to a possible poisonous gas leak from a cylinder they kept for lighting .
leanna norris , 25 , plied loh grenada with benedryl to make her sleep . body was found in front seat of her car in stetson , maine , on june 24 , 2013 . assistant attorney general deb cashman said norrishad committed the murder to stop her ex-boyfriend , dating other women .
dino maglio , who is on trial in padua , northern italy , was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on tuesday after the girl reported being drugged and raped while staying at his home . prosecutors said maglio spiked a glass of baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill .
larry mcelroy , 54 , fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on sunday night when he saw the vermin in his leesburg backyard . while one bullet hit a fence , traveled through the back door of the mother-in-law 's mobile home and the recliner she was sitting in and struck her in the back .
supermarket was alerted to a possible fault in the packs of little angels 2 newborns . complainant said the teat had detached from the hard casing of one of the dummies . it comes after parents were asked to return packs of the little angels cherry soother . supermarket apologised for any inconvenience caused by the recall .
michelle obama made a special appearance on live ! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday . the first lady jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own .
a new campaign from rape crisis london has captured hundreds of women across london in various outfits to point out that no matter what they choose to wear they are not asking to be raped . the campaign aims to stamp out any suggestion that a woman can be blamed for her attack because of her choice in clothing .
the new collagen-laced brew , created by japanese liquor company suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can . collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure , firmness and texture , making people appear more youthful .
jaclyn methuen , 30 , caresses her new husband ryan ranellone 's chin while lying in bed together on tonight 's episode of married at first sight . after a week of awkward encounters and terse conversations , it looks like things are starting to take a turn for the better for the newlyweds .
pm will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks , worth at least # 2,000 a year . said he is ` really angry ' at labour 's claim that conservatives are ` the party for the few , not the many ' . he will hail the ` jobs miracle ' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day .
natalie bennett said the so-called ` citizens income ' would take longer than five years to bring in . she said another green pledge -- to dismantle the armed forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines -- was also a ` long-term aspiration ' . and the party 's policy of leaving nato and abandoning nuclear weapons was ` many decades into the future ' .
former northern territory politician matthew gardiner has reportedly been detained at darwin airport as he returned from syria . in january the senior nt labor party figure fled the country with plans to join kurdish militants - an action which is penalised with life in prison in australia . the 43-year-old , who has an army background , was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list .
lizzy hawker entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc -lrb- utmb -rrb- on a whim . but now , the reality of the challenge ahead began to sink in . she would be covering almost the same distance as that between her birthplace in the london suburbs and southampton .
the ethical maldives alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott ` high risk ' resorts linked to human rights abuses . it has colour-coded hotels into three categories . those to be avoided are labelled red , those coded as green are considered to be ` low risk ' and orange hued businesses are ` under consideration ' .
gold coast city council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers . there are more than 700 party houses across the city , which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise , nudity , lewd behaviour and violence .
the trophy room at sandringham was a relic of a bygone era . but now the age of political correctness appears to have caught up with the queen 's norfolk estate . for every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display and replaced with what one visitor called ` trinkets and bric-a-brac ' .
mohamed badie , spiritual leader of the muslim brotherhood , and 13 other defendants were ordered to be executed . the defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a sprawling cairo protest camp in the months after a military coup overthrew islamist president mohamed morsi in july 2013 .
five afghan men found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry in gloucestershire . police sniffer dogs used to find the men after officers opened the truck 's back doors on the a40 near churcham . the men were found a week after an illegal camp of migrants was cleared in calais .
william tyrell 's parents made an impassioned plea for the three-year-old to be returned to them just a day after he was abducted . the focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically . william 's mother frantically searched the house , opening cupboards and yelling out , ` you need to talk to mummy and tell me where you are ' .
the 43-year-old entrepreneur bought the three-bedroom property in the park circus area of glasgow for # 780,700 . she spent months renovating the period two-storey townhouse , described as an ` outstanding interior designed luxury home ' . the fully-integrated kitchen has been fitted with modern , top of the range appliances and features a white gloss central island .
the men release a cormorant bird , which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp , returning it to the fisherman 's reed raft . the stunning images were captured on the river li in guilin , china , by a russian photographer called viktoriia rogotneva .
mailonline travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer travel rush begins . in lisse , the netherlands , the famed keukenhof gardens are a must-visit for all people looking to take in beautiful springtime blooms .
around 650 foreign entrants , three times more than last year , joined in today 's event under the constant watch of soldiers . the event was founded in 1981 in the single-party country , which is now led by brutal dictator kim jong un . there were also categories for amateur full and half marathon runners plus north korean entrants .
a white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close . when a star reaches its white dwarf stage , nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star . this means that , for close encounters , the gravitational pull of the star and the associated tides , caused by the difference in gravity 's pull on the near and far side of
sue sharp bought the leg of lamb from asda in midlothian , scotland . she was shocked to find a stamp on the # 11 joint saying it had come from new zealand despite asda 's packaging claiming it was born , reared and slaughtered in the uk . asda says it has carried out an investigation into the error .
more than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off , travel-themed auction at christie 's south kensington . filled with historic artefacts , pricey art and souvenirs acquired during the original owners ' travels , the around the world auction is drawing interest from collectors .
the total number of containers in the recall comes to ` approximately 30,000 ' . only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company 's classic hummus sold nationwide . the company said that ` the potential for contamination was discovered when a routine , random sample collected at a retail location on march 30th , 2015 by the michigan department of agriculture and rural development ' .
heather mack ,19 , smiled and laughed as she cradled her baby stella in a holding cell at the denpasar district court as she announced : ' i should not be sent to prison because i 'm innocent ' . she was also filmed singing the rihanna hit umbrella as she nursed the infant outside of the courtroom . prosecutors have asked judges in the holiday resort to jail mack .
half of hospitals are letting patients jump nhs queues for cataract surgery . some are charging up to a ` shameful ' # 2,700 for one eye , treble what it costs . nhs recently announced it would fund weight-loss surgery for 15,000 obese adults every year at a cost of # 6,000 each .
steve and sarah nick built up the huge arsenal , including a sniper rifle , and 17,000 rounds of ammunition , after it was claimed they stole more than $ 50,000 . many of the 30 weapons were legally owned , but the couple , who are said to have links to the michigan militia , are accused of plundering mrs nick 's 67-year-old mother 's savings to fund the potentially deadly haul .
nicola sturgeon was booed last night as she refused to rule out holding a second independence vote in the next few years . she said she respected last year 's result and said she would not call for another plebiscite in the snp manifesto for the westminster election in may .
ashleigh sokie was asked to wash niall horan 's clothes while he was staying in augusta in georgia for the us masters . then decided to try them on for size herself and posted it on twitter . she also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy .
only 43 per cent believe he should ascend to the throne compared with almost identical number saying he should stand aside in favour of his elder son prince william . william and prince harry are the most popular members of the royal family , closely followed by the queen and the duchess of cambridge . four out of ten people think prince charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to william , according to the daily mail poll .
australia came to a close on thursday night with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation . femail take note of the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we wo n't be trying any time soon .
up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone . demand is putting endangered gibbons , leopards and elephants in south east asia at risk . lead researcher eleanor warren-thomas said ` the impact of this is a loss of tropical biodiversity ' .
william kerr , 53 , is believed to have travelled to london after disappearing from approved premises in hull . he was released on licence in january after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of maureen comfort , who was found dead in 1996 . police are offering a # 5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of kerr .
phalanx upon phalanx of shiny new cars glinting like dinky toys in the sun . they had n't just disembarked from france or germany or japan . they were about to make their own journey overseas -- they were british cars , for goodness sake .
a survey of 1,025 australian parents conducted by officeworks found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance ` more important ' things . the cost , says clinical psychologist and happiness institute wellness expert dr paula watkins , will be our happiness - and potentially that of our children .
co-pilot andreas lubitz , who purposefully crashed germanwings flight 9525 , killed 150 people , had been treated for a psychiatric illness . it has been widely argued that germany 's privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy . the times , for example , ran an article with the headline : ` german obsession with privacy let killer pilot fly ' .
researchers at purdue university in indiana and the national wildlife research centre in ohio found birds responded most to blue lights on planes . they were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes . the faa estimates that bird strikes have resulted in 200 worldwide deaths since 1988 .
ronnie carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election . he was on the statement of nominations as ` the eurovisionary carroll ' . sophy dury and bill dury were listed as nominees for his candidacy .
joe anderson , 56 , claimed # 4,500 per year from chesterfield high school , merseyside . he was paid an # 80,000 salary , despite doing nothing for pupils . he tried to justify the payments by saying he provided the school with ` kudos ' for being linked to him .
university student waheed ahmed , 21 , was held at birmingham airport in early hours of this morning by anti-terrorism police . he was deported by turkish authorities and flown back to britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers last night . ahmed and eight of his relatives were stopped on turkish border with syria on april 1 .
stephen hunt , 38 , lost his life tackling the inferno at paul 's hair world . the girl , who was 15 at the time , is said to have dropped a cigarette to the floor . she was originally charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered . more than 60 firefighters battled the blaze , which erupted on july 13 , 2013 .
kevin russ hopped trains , dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down south . russ said he was initially ` fearful and unsure ' when his friend levi approached him with the idea , but did n't let that stop him from the new adventure .
lee allan bonneau , 6 , died from blunt force trauma to the head in august 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in saskatchewan . a 10-year-old boy , identified in court documents as l.t. , reportedly admitted to killing lee bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying .
kay hafford , 28 , was shot in the back of the head in a texas road-rage accident . the church singer agreed to face her alleged shooter in a police line-up and evans , 22 , has now been charged with aggravated assault . she said the pair had an angry exchange and the driver then began taunting her . a short time later , the motorist pulled up beside her , aimed a gun at the front passenger window of her red dodge avenge and pulled the
the gruesome campaign shows vegan lead guitarist jona weinhofen holding a severed lamb alongside the words , ` here 's the rest of your wool coat ' . peta later admitted the lamb was a prop and made of foam even though they said the advert detailed ` the realities of the australian wool industry ' .
richard engel was kidnapped with turkey reporter aziz akyavas and photographer john kooistra . they were convinced by their captors they had been taken by forces related to president bashar al-assad , but they may have been sunni rebels instead . the group that kidnapped us was a criminal gang with shifting allegiances . instead the captives may just have been handed over .
kai windsor started life as a girl and knew from the age of three . he would shun traditional girls ' toys in favour of kicking a ball around . by four , he refused to wear dresses and at six he wanted his hair cut short . by nine , he had finally broken the truth to his mother rachel , 37 .
hayley sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone american bulldog winston by the end of april or she will also have to leave her house in blackburn , lancashire . royal mail are victimising winston and claims her family are being ` taunted all the time ' by people in the area .
this is according to the national radio astronomy observatory who is objecting to proposals by irobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower . the problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 mhz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on .
lisa skinner , 52 , shot the male home invader , 59 , after he broke into her house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m. police said mr skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife . his injuries are life threatening but she is expected to survive .
a video of a menacing crocodile swimming through a public marina has been viewed more than half a million times online . the clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of puerto vallarta , in mexico . new zealander tim weston was on holiday with his wife when he saw the alarming sight .
video footage captured at the international animal rescue 's orangutan center in indonesia shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit . at one point jemmi nuzzles budi 's side and purses her lips , as if she is blowing him a kiss . he then promptly performs the same gesture back at her . carers at the rescue center say that 15-month-old budi has developed a ` beautiful friendship ' .
the only child of kim kardashian and kanye west giggled as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the airport . the family of three had arrived in paris after nori was baptised in jerusalem and they had finished a tour of the old city .
islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet . the set of rules for how muslims should relieve themselves , called the qadaa al-haajah , was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented . use of the left hand or three stones was also permissible .
sue southern , head of west midlands counter terrorism police unit , arrested two 17-year-old boys on suspicion of preparing to travel to syria to join terrorists . also detaining a ` terror fundraiser ' during a 6am raid by the region 's counter terrorism unit today . the arrests were part of two separate investigations while officers say enquiries into both are continuing .
the curtain fell on mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 on thursday night . the glamorous collection , ` sirens ' call , featured mirrored embellishments , fringing , and feathers , while the hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the great gatsby .
cate mcgregor publicly backed tony abbott by introducing her on abc 's australian story . she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her during her address to the national press club on wednesday . the senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to mr abbott 's stance on same-sex marriage .
hafeez bhatti , 33 , and his wife , khalida , are a ` hardworking , honest and kind ' parents of a little baby boy who moved from pakistan several years ago seeking a better life in australia . the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train on wednesday afternoon . stacey eden , 23 , overheard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as ` isis
dr. nikita levy was fired from john hopkins health system in february 2013 after it was discovered he had surreptitiously videotaped and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams . the settlement is one of the largest settlements on record in the u.s. involving sexual misconduct by a physician .
scientists announced measurements made by the european space probe philae , which landed on comet 67p in november , show the comet 's core is n't magnetised . some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders .
` transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison , and yet they continue to face horrific injustices , ' according to a joint statement . last week , the us justice department said prison officials must treat an inmate 's gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition .
sebastian thrun , who founded the google x laboratory where the internet search giant has developed google glass and driverless cars , said it was difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition . but he said that , much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers , the same may soon be true for full personalities .
a post-mortem determined the man died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors including that the poison used to kill him was undetectable . the mystery of a dead man 's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in dna testing . the persian phrase ` ended ' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret code and a woman 's telephone number in the
jerry grayson , 59 , set himself the task of tracking down every aircraft he flew during the 1970s . he was once the youngest pilot to join the navy and was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen during the doomed fastnet yacht race in 1979 . after travelling 23,000 miles , including from his home in melbourne , mr grayson found that one chopper had been turned into a glamping unit - a popular style of camping for posh campers . during his mission
yia parler , 41 , has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in maryland ever since her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in cobb creek park in philadelphia last friday . police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals .
scientists have developed a device that clips onto the smartphone and could even be used at home . their device uses the powerful cameras available now on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells . when added to a tissue or blood sample , these microbeads produce distinctive diffraction patterns when they clump around a diseased cell -lrb- top right -rrb- . when clumped around a cell , the beads alter the way the light is scattered by the sample
the box truck collided with a car on interstate 93 southbound in the city 's dorchester neighborhood at about 6am . both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries . as officials did n't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck , replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long queues forming .
venessa harris was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer on january 5 . the 12-year-old was the international winner in the tamblyn young model discovery contest . she gained self-confidence from the competition after struggling with low self-esteem . her family have been a constant support for venessa who is currently undergoing chemotherapy in brisbane .
prime minister made the blunder on a campaign visit to devon this morning . he chatted with staff and customers of tea by the taw on strand in barnstaple . but his hopes of courting support in the county were given a knock with his food faux pas . he said : ` when you are in devon you do the jam and the cream in a different order to cornwall , is that right ? ' .
liberty baker , 14 , was walking to school when robert blackwell , 19 , lost control of his car and ploughed into her . he had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash . family say they are ` devastated ' by the sentence handed to him .
the humongous attraction on staten island promises stunning panoramic views of the manhattan skyline . located next to the hudson river the 630ft new york wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time . the $ 500million observation wheel was designed by perkins eastman and eek architects .
martin alvarado jr , 23 , appeared in court on monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of edwin eli o'reilly . he was watching edwin at their home in cicero last thursday when the toddler urinated on him during a diaper change . the child suffered from multiple blunt force trauma and his death was ruled a homicide .
deanna rudison , 55 , was captured on a surveillance camera at quick stop gas station in new orleans this morning splashing a liquid believed to be bleach at an 18-year-old girl . just hours after the incident , the woman turned herself in and was arrested on two counts of aggravated battery .
teenager from mossley , greater manchester , ordered the deadly poison off the ` dark web ' . he was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack . the 16-year-old pleaded guilty to trying to buy the poison at manchester youth court earlier this month .
micha stunz , 45 , has a 9 inch-long , 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 lbs , between 3 and 4.3 kg , he says . he uses his satchel to cover up his groin area when he is in public . but the silicone implants provide no physical pleasure and make sex much more difficult for him - although it is not impossible .
a man called alex posted a video on youtube in which he asked the programme on his ipad a series of questions about gay marriage . purporting to be filming in london , he tells the camera : ' i was quite excited to learn that siri has become available in russian . ' .
kelsey higley , who studies art media at the university of oklahoma in norman , created a fascinating self-portrait of her body . the 22-year-old 's work , which is part of a project and has been published on video-sharing site vimeo , shows just how different her frame might look if she had , for example , an hour-glass figure , or larger boobs .
ipsos mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from major parties . 35 % of tories mentioned deficit , 5 % of lib dems and 9 % mentioned the deficit . ipsosmori asked 98 candidates to list what they thought were biggest issues . the top issue for all parties was the economy , mentioned by 85 % .
pm said london mayor had ` suddenly realised ' after years of mischief . he said johnson now understood pair were no longer in ` competition ' . comes just weeks after mr cameron revealed he would stand down as prime minister before 2020 if he wins re-election next month . he named three of his senior colleagues - home secretary theresa may , chancellor george osborne and liverpool mayor boris johnson .
the anantara is part of the palm project and is like nowhere else . it has over-the-water bungalows there were times when it felt like we were in the maldives , but when we went to the australian themed restaurant , i imagined i was back in the jungle on i 'm a celebrity .
ciara campbell is accused of prying on stuart swarbrick 200 times . the 43-year-old was an officer at lancaster cid in lancashire . the dc denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material under the computer misuse act 1990 .
the supermarket giant published a list of tips on how its 314,000 workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes in a post on its staff website . industry insiders have said the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up tesco stores in the eyes of consumers .
angela linton wrote the vile message after a row about a school outing . the 47-year-old told to carry out unpaid work and fined # 185 for harassing the victim . linton 's son started at perry beeches secondary school in september last year . she was told that the school could come to an alternative arrangement .
the federal court ruled on tuesday that australian internet companies , including iinet and other isps , should hand over the names and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film . but legals experts say even if you are hit with a legal threat there are several ways to defend the accusations .
duke of york has personally changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in calcutta . rescued from brothels and domestic servitude , child labour and human trafficking , the girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called key to freedom . his kimonos , duster coats , pyjamas , scarves and make-up bags are sold online and on the british high street .
the men , named locally as michael owen and kyle careford , were killed in the road accident in crowborough , east sussex . mr owen , 21 , had just received news of a job offer and was preparing for his daughter 's fifth birthday when he was killed .
dr zoe waller , 31 , is a university lecturer and uses her own skin to teach her students about new drugs and molecules . this is a type of urticaria , or hives - where a raised , itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure . it is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction .
tony orrell , 56 , from feltham , middlesex , vowed to shed the pounds alongside his wife debbie , also 56 , after he hit 38 stone . at size xxxxxxxxl , tony had to buy his clothes from specialist retailers online and was scared to sit on normal chairs .
michael rapiejko was accused of approaching luis colon as he got out of his car in october 2005 , pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him in front of his wife and four children . the plaintiff also claimed that rapie jko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car . colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration , resisting arrest and disorderly conduct , all charges that were dropped in april 2006 .
britain was 111th out of 133 countries on that specific measure . overall , the uk came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity , health and tolerance . despite national earnings that make us the world 's fifth richest country , living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness .
the ring connecting orion to the top propulsion stage of the sls will be 11 self-contained small satellites , each about the size of a large shoebox . the concept image of the near-earth asteroid scout mission , one of 11 missions that will be secondary payloads to the first test flight of nasa 's space launch system .
nikki thomas , 27 , says she wants to turn back the clock and tell jenna that she did n't have to ` put up ' with her ex 's obsessive behaviour , including bombarding her with hundreds of calls and texts a day . but jenna , who was strangled to death by philip packer in a jealous rage in 2008 , never reported his behaviour to police . as part of stalking awareness week , nikki is warning others to learn from her sister 's
business called edward 's snowden has appeared in the us president 's headquarters . it is thought he 's actually set up shop in the middle of the white house . at least , that 's where the whistleblower is according to google maps . it follows claims that at least three terror groups plotting attacks .
 woolworths launched ` fresh in our memories ' last week , inviting australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country . the supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded ` disrespectful ' and ` disgusting ' . customers took to facebook and twitter to vent their anger .
south yarra apartments set to go under the hammer later this month . listing agents claim the lavish apartments are worth between $ 1.3 million and $1.5 million . thousands of fans will finally get the opportunity to see the four darling street apartments for themselves when channel nine opens the doors to the public .
the ` tight-knit ' gang members are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in . they are working on their own clothing label , putting on fashion shows and working stints as models . the documentary , also named check it , explains how many of the youths have been stabbed or shot at , while others have served time in juvenile prisons .
president barack obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since harry s. truman left office 62 years ago . in his first six years , obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year : for the leaders of japan , on april 28 , and china , later in the year .
jasmine dinjar was arrested at sydney town hall for smoking weed at 4.20 pm on monday as part of the 420 campaign . dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on instagram . she has also lit up a pipe in one of the confronting images and suggestively posies with a bong .
australian professional freediver kazzie mahina created the flippers in the shape of a mermaid tail to allow kids and adults alike to streak through the ocean like an underwater creature . the novelty swimming product has taken off around the world and can be used by kids and grown-ups alike .
the binmen in farnham , surrey , said the bag of walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules - even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug . homeowners have been told to remove non-recyclable material from the wheelie bin lids .
andy murray will marry long-term girlfriend kim sears at dunblane cathedral next week . murray was presented with a cake to mark his 500th atp tour victory cake in miami this week . he has admitted he ` could n't care less ' about the finer details of the day .
the unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at canberra hospital for treatment on friday with doctors and nurses wearing full protective clothing . she did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an ebola treatment clinic in liberia before she arrived in australia on april 5 . health officials say it 's most unlikely she has ebola and her symptoms - a fever and stomach upset - are consistent with many other conditions .
researchers at the university of auckland and a founding director of the max planck institute for history and the sciences in jena , germany . they found that communities that believe in a high , controlling god or gods who enforce a moral code , tend to live in politically complex groups .
katrina maddox , 23 , pulled off the double against all the odds after having baby edward on the way to hospital in the early hours of last thursday . her second little boy came along on the a47 in norfolk two years ago . reuben , of north pickenham , near swaffham , had her first child reuben in exactly the same way .
last saturday 's inept capitulation to aston villa was the most recent occasion . a soft goal down after 45 minutes and an expensively assembled team looked as if it had been recruited from the local jobcentre half an hour before the kick-off . they are especially vigilant when it comes to anyone blocking gangways or stairwells .
shelbie brooke richards , 21 , of pearl to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime . in a separate hearing earlier thursday , wingate also sentenced sarah adelia graves , 22 , of crystal springs to five years in jail . graves and richards were in the car when a group of white teens drove from their suburban town after a party with the specific intent of assaulting black men .
jon hamm , 44 , was in his sophomore year at ut-austin when a prospective 21-year-old pledge was called to the sigma nu house at 2.30 am . the golden globe winner allegedly set fire to one pledge after viciously beating him and using a claw hammer to drag him by his genitals during a hazing ritual gone wrong . the alleged victim told police hamm and other members hit him with a paddle 30 times and then lifted the pledge off the floor by his underwear
yaan hirsi ali , 45 , emigrated to america in 2006 after facing death threats in the netherlands , where she had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists . she has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the u.s.
ben cousins , 36 , has been on bail and was due to face fremantle magistrates court on wednesday morning but he did not appear . his lawyer claimed the former west coast eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments . the magistrate had ordered cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm wst or an arrest warrant would be issued . the 2005 brownlow medallist was arrested on march 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from bicton to mosman park
britain was sixth from last in a list of the world 's most religious countries . 94 per cent of people in thailand deem themselves religious , with armenia , bangladesh , georgia and morocco completing the top five on 93 per cent each . globally two-thirds of people still consider themselves religious .
debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions which fail to excite shoppers , replacing them with shorter events that have more impact . experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced . figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion .
the mindfulness for travel series was developed for launch of the airline 's new airbus a380 service between london and san francisco , known for its laid-back california vibes . providing fliers with meditation techniques , as well as additional healthy flying tips , the programme hopes to inspire a relaxed , positive state of mind for all travellers .
sam reese , a male model who recently appeared on channel 4 's first dates show , has received death threats over his behaviour on the programme . the 22-year-old 's crime was to ask his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself - an action which sparked a slew of furious responses on twitter .
a train heading from queens into manhattan was stalled underneath the east river around 8.30 am monday morning and its conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track 's third rail . the train 's 542 passengers were taken by a rescue train to grand central station in manhattan , an mta spokesman said daily mail online . the last of the passengers was taken on to the new train around 10am .
sajid javid declared some values prevalent in certain asian communities were ` totally unacceptable in british society ' . comments come after inquiries into sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by asian men in rochdale , rotherham and oxford found that the authorities had failed to protect them .
duchess of cambridge has unveiled the ` new born baby collection ' . the range includes boy 's t-shirts and romper suits , complete with bearskin hat-wearing soldiers , and pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls . it was reported that prince george wore a bodysuit from trotters at a plunket play group event at government house in wellington , new zealand in 2014 .
mikaeel kular , 3 , was killed by his mother rosdeep adekoya , who beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days before hiding his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods . she then told police the boy had wandered off sparking a huge manhunt before leading officers to the body near kirkcaldy in january last year . up to 25 staff were alleged to have accessed confidential social work files belonging to the youngster .
the manager of the rex cinema in berkhamsted , hertfordshire , cancelled the regular tuesday baby matinees due to a combination of ` whingeing , bitching , snitching and the law ' . mr hannaway said the screening was to allow parents to enjoy adult films with their children .
the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - hillary 's bearing the clinton foundation logo . mrs. clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in new hampshire , where she 'll hold a round table at a family-owned business .
 status quo , katherine jenkins and west end star elaine paige will perform at the event . it is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the second world war , running from friday , may 8 to sunday , may 10 . other stars include boy band blue , r&b singer jamelia , pop star pixie lott , jazz vocalist gregory porter and tenor alfie boe .
the experimental espresso machine is intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy . it is the first coffee machine able to work in micro gravity on the iss . it uses a ` capsule system ' to fill plastic pouches with espresso and other hot drinks such as tea .
mark allen sanders was beaten with a paddle , dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire . golden globe winner hamm was one of seven sigma nu brothers who tormented and humiliated sanders when he was a young pledge at the university of texas at austin .
dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif are back to taking on some of the world 's most shocking plastic surgeries gone wrong on the second season of the e! reality show botched . the pair spoke to cosmopolitan.com about the ` jaw-dropping ' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season .
jeff dubois of kiro struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around interstate 5 . ` ay yiy ! they 're flying all over the place , ' a panicked dubois says . during the unexpectedly dangerous report , cameraman damien glitch was stung more than 20 times .
the queen has spent a second day enjoying the spring sunshine in windsor great park this week . her majesty , who is approaching her 89th birthday , was spotted riding her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma . she was well prepared for any spring showers in a lightweight waterproof .
sir bradley wiggins ' last for team sky competitors approached a crossing over a train track . but as the barriers came down to signal a train was passing through , the racers can be seen swerving to avoid them in a desperate attempt to gain seconds on their rivals . the one-day road race , which runs from compigne , 50 miles outside paris , could yet be disqualified from the race .
report says deputies responded to a call about a fight between scott and another man . when deputies told the two to break it up , the report states . scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail . the disposition of the case was not immediately known .
matilda kahl has worn the same ensemble to work every day for three years . she has got everyone talking about her everyday work ` uniform ' . in an article for harper 's bazaar , matilda explained that the unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning when .
more than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded between february and april this year . the top country for illegal downloads of game of thrones episodes was brazil , which accounted for almost one million of them , followed by france in second , the us , canada and the uk .
melbourne-born , paris-based designer martin grant will refresh the uniforms worn by qantas ' domestic and international pilots . a key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform , with ceo alan joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks of qants pilots .
the banking industry watchdog found it ` relied on untested assumptions , stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age ' in the case . the couple , who do not wish to be named , applied for the joint interest-only mortgage over 18 years on their home , in which they held substantial equity . the husband , however , does not plan to retire at 65 and his final salary pension would be large enough to cover the monthly repayments .
the front row at mercedes-benz fashion week australia was given an eyeful during the st george new generation show . models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by marriam seddiq . one model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination .
the mother , who has dementia , lives in a care home in stoke mandeville , buckinghamshire . she owns a # 600,000 house , has savings and shares worth # 100,000 . judge denzil lush said elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document .
sister gertrud tiefenbacher 's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed over a face , say local police . her body was found by other nuns at the sacred heart missionary in ixopo , a small town 85 miles south-west of durban .
django greenblatt-seay , 33 , made a craigslist ad for his 2002 ford taurus stand out by filming a commercial for the car he is selling for $ 3,000 . the video begins from far overhead , showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at hummel park in omaha , nebraska .
the 31-year-old was pretty in tailored cream blazer , denim jeans and a heart-print top . miss middleton walked hand-in-hand with her boyfriend of two years before leaning in for a brief kiss . she 's been spotted previously wearing at least four different variations on their signature pointed flat design .
jacob hall invented the ruse that the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away under for his seven-year-old son , evan , when he was late paying up the last time around . father-of-three jeff pyrotek , from seymour in victoria , answered mr hall 's call for help and uploaded his finished product on soundcloud .
xana doyle , 19 , was a passenger in the toyota avensis , which flipped and landed on its roof in an accident in the early hours of the morning . driver sakhawat ali , 23 , was more than twice the drink-drive limit and had been taking class a and b drugs before getting behind the wheel .
scientists at the memorial sloan-kettering cancer center in new york have conducted a trial , treating patients diagnosed with advanced melanoma with a new type of treatment . they combined a standard drug already used , ipilimumab , with another , nivolumab . they hope the new therapy could save thousands of lives in future .
melvin the giraffe was attacked by an eland antelope walking in the same enclosure at kristiansand zoo , around 200 miles south of oslo . around 30 people , many of them children , witnessed melvin , who was born at the zoo in 2010 and named in a local newspaper competition .
the journalist and lifestyle guru behind the ` i quit sugar ' book and website complained to mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa . wilson 's face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger belle gibson , who has been accused of faking terminal cancer , and paleo diet preacher pete evans .
vitamin and mineral supplements are becoming more popular as health conscious shoppers focus on good nutrition , but do we really need pills to optimise our diet ? nutritionist and author sarah flower , who says that cooking with the right ingredients should give you all the goodness you need . ` the cleaner your diet - using fresh ingredients and cooking at home - the less likely you are to need to rely on supplements to boost your health ' .
james freedman removes harry mount 's timepiece without him noticing in his pickpocketing lesson . for years he 's been giving pickpocket demonstrations to teach people how not to become victims of street crime . he has also advised the metropolitan police and taught the ` art ' to actors .
the hot pursuit star 's lawyer fred silberberg told people late friday that the 42-year-old ` has never wanted to destroy her embryos ' . however , she 's not planning on using them either , the attorney said in the statement , adding that vergara ` is content to leave the embryos frozen indefinitely as she has no desire to have children with her ex ' .
natalie prescott , 26 , was not expected to survive after leaping off appley bridge quarry , near wigan , back in 2012 . her family was warned she would almost certainly lose her legs . but after learning that a teenage boy tragically drowned in the same quarry on friday , natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public .
epa regional administrator judith enck said agency and puerto rico 's department of agriculture are investigating where and when the pesticide was used . the epa banned the chemical for residential use in 1984 , primarily for health concerns . two teenage boys went into comas after being exposed at the sirenusa condominium resort in cruz bay , st. john .
iain mackay , 40 , is believed to have argued with nilobon patty in a separate venue in hua hin , a resort some 125miles southwest of bangkok . ms patty , 35 , also known as patty patrick , has been accused of ` indirectly causing his death ' as seeing her with another man had angered him .
one nation leader pauline hanson said imposing halal certification on australians was wrong . she said the protests on saturday were about ` criticism , not racism ' . the one nation leader also said that the public were being ` hoodwinked ' over the issue . on sunday morning 's today show she was asked for her views on businesses ` going to the wall ' if the certification of food products was scrapped .
tittygram and titisign have popped up in russia offering eyebrow raising service and are by all accounts . but the use of a woman 's cleavage as advertising space has not been universally popular . both offer a similar service , asking people to send a picture of her with ' i love burger king ' .
the suspect , described as hispanic , medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time , apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11,000 block of wagner street in del rey . according to the victim 's father , the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation . the boy was rushed to ronald reagan ucla medical center where he underwent surgery for a head wound . as of m
alissa sizemore , from vernal , utah , was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it . she had to have her right leg amputated below the knee , she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible .
mitya was found abandoned outside a circus in vladivostok , east russia . he was taken to sadgorod zoo where he joined two young cubs . one-month-old twins who were found all alone in the wild have been orphaned . four time zones to the west , in omsk , three bears have been taken in .
the female , named varvara , swam 14,000 miles -lrb- 22,500 km -rrb- from the east coast of russia to breeding grounds off the coast of mexico , and back , reportedly without stopping for a snack . her return journey across the north pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature 's conservation status .
flight vs44 should have left mccarran airport at 4.30 pm local time on easter monday . but a series of delays meant 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to gatwick until early on wednesday . the long delays were too much for some passengers who took to the airport floor to rest . some passengers are considering legal action against virgin .
scott kelley , now 50 , and stepdaughter mary nunes , now 19 , gave surrendered at the u.s. embassy on monday and were flown back to hartsfield-jackson atlanta airport . the pair fled new hampshire in 2004 along with genevieve 's former husband and daughter , who had not been seen for a decade until this week .
australian woman jade ruthven was lambasted on her social media account by her friends , who were so sick of her constant updates about her baby daughter . the shocking letter , littered with expletives and exclamation marks told the mother that they were ` so over ' the running commentary on her daughter 's life .
bali nine ringleaders myuran sukumaran and andrew chan will today find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed . the unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair 's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 bali nine heroin smuggling bid .
chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old . the app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews .
police made grisly discovery as they combed rural land on outskirts of milngavie . but formal identification is yet to take place , a police spokesman said . a number of plastic barrels were examined during the search , as well as a large metal container . police then cordoned off land to north of glasgow , near bearsden .
federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names , numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies . along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be ` nwo stooges , ' the group , or possibly individual , released the info of employees of the cia , fbi and dhs on the site pastebin.com , which allows anonymous posts . the post also claimed to contain highly sensitive information , such as p.o. boxes used by
the lib dem leader listed a range of reasons why different groups left . he said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions he made including on tuition fees . he blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it after it entered coalition because they did n't want to take any ` responsibility ' .
hollie tillbrook , 17 , was out with her boyfriend when she suddenly collapsed . doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level . but luckily , two officers , believed to be from the met police , rushed to her side and gave hollie life-saving cpr until an ambulance arrived . she is now recovering at her home in leigh , essex , despite her mother denise bennett being told to expect the worst .
david bulman , 55 , and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing . his wife threw all his shirts outside , but he followed her and shouted at her before he pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face .
the screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development . by looking for distinctive ` breath prints ' , researchers were also able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease . discovery comes as scientists in the us made a breakthrough that could lead a test to flag up the most aggressive forms of prostate cancer .
a-listers from michelle obama to angelina jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved . but unicef have revealed that a year later , more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing since .
the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars , vintage pinups , tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair . around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the orleans hotel and casino .
johnny , 51 , and amber , 28 , were wearing wedding bands in brisbane , australia , on tuesday morning . the couple , who were both wearing their wedding bands , had n't been photographed together in public since their february 3 nuptials . amber ripped up the rule book by wearing these distressed jeans by levi 's , the iconic american brand that has been dictating denim trends since 1853 .
pierre collins , the father of a 10-year-old boy whose body was found in the mississippi river over the weekend was arrested monday . he appeared at a vigil tearfully pleading for his safe return . he was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of barway collins .
a new reddit thread asks users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours . femail has compiled the worst examples , including the names ` orgasm ' , submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories .
hillary clinton 's presidential advisers have brought pre-screened partisans to some events promoted as an opportunity for the former secretary of state to meet with ` everyday americans ' . just steps away in a keene , new hampshire bakery , a few run-of-the-mill people decided they did n't want to be seen with her .
sir john major said snp would use any power they wield in westminster . he mocked ms sturgeon over her demand to play a role in propping up a labour government , when she is ` not even bothering ' to stand as an mp herself . sir john said he had repeatedly warned in the 1990s that devolution to scotland would make independence more , not less , likely .
jaclyn pfeiffer , 29 , worked at the aloma methodist early childhood learning center in orange county full-time for the last 18 months . her partner , kelly bardier , 33 , was recently employed as a part-time teacher . however they were both terminated after the director , barbara twachtman , heard rumors about the two .
natasha willard , 17 , fell ill while studying for her a-levels in wales . she was diagnosed with encephalitis , an inflammation of the brain . doctors are still trying to find out what the future holds for her . family are unsure how the teenager became ill so suddenly , just four days after she returned her feeling unwell .
an official at the international monetary fund reportedly admitted that he can not envisage a successful conclusion to the country 's bailout . greece repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if europe refuses to release more funds . thomsen 's prediction was made as the greek government repeated previous threats that unless more bail out money was made available then it would stop paying back creditors .
chloe valentine , 4 , died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in the backyard of her adelaide home in january 2012 . her mother , ashlee polkinghorne , and her partner are in jail after pleading guilty to chloe 's manslaughter through criminal neglect .
sir paul and heather mills separated in 2006 and went through a bitter divorce in 2008 . the couple , daughters of sir paul 's first wife linda , were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father 's choice of partner . image is the first to emerge of the former beatle and ms mills from their wedding reception .
martyn uzzell , 51 , died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car . just a month before the tragedy , council sent workers to inspect the hole . but it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary . coroner rob turnbull said there was ` no doubt whatsoever ' condition of road .
lib dem leader has boarded yellow ` fun bus ' for series of bizarre and unlikely photo opportunities . aides say it is part of deliberate strategy to get deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives . he was introduced to humpty , a hedgehog with a head injury which means he keeps walking round in circles .
scott stephenson was due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man he found collapsed in the street in south shields , tyne and wear . he unleashed an extraordinary expletive-filled rant outside court this week after he was re-bailed for sentence following his failure to turn up to a previous hearing . the 19-year-old rifled through his victim 's pockets and made off with the iphone 4 .
the 34-year-old star of the only way is essex has gone from selling cards in romford to being the face and force behind a successful clothing brand . she told femail : ' i heard a saying once , `` i 'm an hourglass just with more sand , and i love that ! ' .
the four spiderbots were powered by curie , a computer the size of a button developed by intel . at the chip giant 's developers forum in china , intel ceo brian krzanich revealed the demonstration . he was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape , and control their movement from the bans .
mathew sitko , 23 , of lewiston , idaho , was driving erratically and swerved to miss another motorist when the crash occurred . sitko was taken to hospital and is recovering from minor injuries . police are investigating the incident and say he appeared to suffer a ` mental episode ' .
us researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims . results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them . others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere .
 lipscomb police chief warren carey was trying to arrest mayor lance mcdade when the fight broke out . he was later spotted ` hobbling ' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital . city hall was shut down for the rest of the day and crews were changing the locks on the building , fox6 news reporter melanie posey tweeted .
thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm , and the los angeles dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season . earlier in the day , the unusually cold spring storm brought heavy rain and hail to parts of northern california and coated the mountains in snow .
great british bake off host sue perkins is favourite to replace jeremy clarkson . bets placed on perkins have propelled her to the top spot for now-vacant position . it has made her evens for the role , ahead of former x-factor presenter dermot o'leary .
sophie thomas wore the black shirt in march when she was having her picture taken at clermont northeastern middle school in batavia . when the students got their class photos this week , she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with photoshop . principal kendra young said the word was removed to ` prevent any unintended controversies ' .
iain duncan smith called on fellow tories to ` bang the drum ' in the next fortnight to champion the government 's achievements . the former conservative leader set out a powerful moral case for the party 's policies , which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work . he said : ` labour does n't understand the importance of work in a cultural , social and health sense ' .
the form asks a further 19 questions ranging from the mundane , such as ` what is your age ? ' , to the overtly sinister -- ` do you believe in white supremacy ? ' . at the top is an introduction implying that it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits .
prime minister tony abbott promised there would be a strong police presence across australia to keep the public safe on april 25 . two teenagers remain in custody following raids in melbourne 's south-east after police were tipped off about an imminent attack on anzac day ceremonies . sevdet besim , 18 , has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts .
the huge rise will be due to a baby boom among pakistani , bangladeshi , and african immigrants who usually come to this country during their young , child bearing years . campaigners fear that this sudden increase will put pressure on housing , schools and the nhs , and worsen the quality of life in britain as a whole .
the gilded age will be set among the high society families of new york in the late 19th century . there may also be a place for robert , the earl of grantham , and his wife cora , who is american-born . lord fellowes said plans for the series had yet to be finalised .
oleg kalashnikov was a former ally of deposed ukrainian president viktor yanukovych . it said he had died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide . at least six former ukraine officials have died over the past two months .
the maglev train completed a test run on a track in yamanashi , japan . it beat the previous record of 361mph -lrb- 580km/h -rrb- set in 2003 . another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow , and engineers predict it could reach 373mph ,lrbb- 600km/hr . this eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction , providing a faster and quieter service .
rachel lynn lehnardt , 35 , from evans , georgia , was spotted outside her house wearing a hooded jacket and workout clothes just days after being arrested . she was arrested on saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor .
new figures show 238m passengers passed through british airports in 2014 . just three million less than pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007 and 10m more . most passengers -lrb- 144m -rrb- fly to europe which enjoyed a 5.4 % rise year on year in visitors from the uk .
the canines , which appeared to have been killed with blows to the head , were used for the fillings of ` pastels ' , a traditional brazilian stuffed pastry which is deep-fried and normally made with ground beef . police found a cage in the back of the establishment where workers were incarcerated , and made to work 18 hours a day without pay .
the 40-year-old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of belize into an eco-resort and conservation area . he recently teamed up with paul scialla , the chief executive of new york development firm delos , to create the eco-conscious resort , with plans to open in 2018 .
the tennis star will wed kim sears in his hometown of dunblane , north of stirling , on april 11 . visitscotland promotes country as the ideal wedding destination . in fact , a quarter -lrb- 24 per cent -rrb- of all marriages in scotland involved couples from outside of the country .
islamic state militants seen storming yarmouk camp in damascus last week . they have seized control of up to 90 per cent of the camp in south damascus . the group has declared israel its sworn enemy , but its presence in the camp has until now been to defend the camp 's 18,000 residents .
the meeting next wednesday would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants . representatives from comcast and time warner cable plan to meet with us department of justice officials on wednesday . there are also concerns the merged company and would have unfair competitive leverage against tv channel owners and businesses offering online video programming .
survey shows 83 per cent of australian women think they 're worthy of the glowing epithet . in a new video , dove asked women to rate themselves as ` beautiful ' or ` average ' . 84 per cent regularly have negative thoughts about their appearance . a staggering 96 per cent said they consider themselves as average .
jared mccarroll head chef at m restaurant and grill , the first step to a perfect steak starts when you are shopping . he advises in checking the temperature of the meat before you start preparing your meal . the shape and thickness of the steak is also important ; the best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry quicker .
billy mitchell , now seven , was born with apert syndrome , a rare condition which causes malformations of the skull , face , hands and feet . he endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities - which included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull and another to rebuild his features . he also had a titanium frame drilled into his head , which was left there for nine weeks .
mahendra bavishi , who lives in sudan , said detectives have asked to put ` sensitive ' questions to his british-based son who runs the business . he said the robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know that several cctv cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working when they broke in .
social services minister scott morrison has announced on sunday that parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits simply by signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on ` personal , philosophical or religious ' reasons . families who do vaccinate their kids are eligible for the $ 7,500-a-week childcare benefit and $ 726 family tax benefit part a end of year supplement .
local councils should draw up maps of places where pensioners and others are most likely to suffer from social isolation . two county councils , essex and gloucestershire have already implemented the maps , which allow them to target ` danger zones ' of loneliness . campaign to end loneliness recommends the maps as a way of treating the problem across the country .
the 47-year-old man from warwick , 150km south-west of brisbane , has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states . police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them . so far 28 victims have been identified from queensland , nsw and victoria , but police believe there may be others as far away as western australia . the
the 38-year-old liana barrientos pleaded not guilty on friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her ` services ' . the judge told her to stay out of trouble but that she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card along with her 19-year old niece .
durmouth college judicial committee has ` derecognized ' alpha delta . it found alpha delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations . the fraternity has until next monday to appeal the decision . alpha delta president ryan maguire said members are disappointed and exploring options .
the mozzie is known for its black and white stripes , can spread crippling diseases like dengue and chikunguya . the blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on february 17 , march 30 and again on march 31 . authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes had n't been detected they could have become a serious threat to the health of those living around the airport .
catherine lynn smith , 50 , was arrested tuesday after the bodies of 10 cats and three dogs were found decaying in her home . police came across a sickening scene in macon , georgia this week when they searched the home of a former animal shelter worker . smith claimed she quit the job , according to a man who knew smith from the local bar scene .
malcolm turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the gq australia . he posed in a suave blue suit with a pinstriped shirt and a contrasting red tie . in an eight page interview , the minister from sydney 's exclusive suburb of point piper confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for prime minister if tony abbott had been successfully toppled in february 's leadership spill .
 nationwide building society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan , meaning some pensioners are being offered mortgages that will only be paid off when they are 105 . the offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they like .
 waheed ahmed , 21 , is said to be a member of the extremist group hizb ut-tahrir , which advocates a global muslim caliphate , similar to the one established by islamic state in syria and iraq . he was one of a group of nine detained , all from rochdale , including four children aged from one to 11 .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , aaron leeson-woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in new south wales this saturday . but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding . police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements .
ronald and miriam pearson married in 1943 and settled in broughton near chester . after almost 72 years together , mrs pearson , 95 , died last month . her husband followed two days later aged 94 . mr and her a driver for the auxiliary territorial service . described as ` the greatest true love story ' at joint funeral .
the professional didgeridoo maker plays a tune while unsuspecting cows graze in the background . suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and with its ears lifted begins walking towards the river , which separates it from andrea . as the first cow reaches a tree , the whole herd begin picking up speed and collectively run to the source of the sound .
the german woman , who has not been named , was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at charles de gaulle airport on wednesday afternoon . three thieves are said to have ` appeared from nowhere ' and smashed a rear window of the car , making off with the bag .
ukip leader risked alienating those watching at westminster 's central hall . outburst came less than half an hour into the event after some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters from those watching . labour leader ed miliband gave the ukip leader the advice : ` it 's never a great idea to attack the audience , nigel , in my opinion ' .
labour leader refused to say that his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to number 10 . comes just three days after miss harman made clear that she intended to take the role were labour to make it back into power . today mr miliband also refused to guarantee her the role .
university student says cost of trying to study in london left her with no other choice than to turn to prostitution . as renting in the capital soared to an average of more than # 1,100 per month , the second year history and politics student who attends a london university told how she took up sex work .
the houston texans defensive tackle released the video as part of his announcement that he has signed the nfl star to a shoe endorsement deal with reebok . after completing the jump , watt leaned down after his jump and declared : ` must have been the shoes , baby ! ' . the video was posted to youtube and pushed the lime-green $ 110 zpump fusion shoes that watt wears for the stunt .
the golden state is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year . californian farmers have been allowed to hog dwindling supplies of water , digging ever-deeper bore holes to keep the rest of us stocked up with all-yearround peaches , sweet peppers and pistachios .
lillian bustle , from new jersey , revealed that she also calls herself ` short ' , because she is 5 ' 3 '' , and ` wife ' . the word does n't have to be used as a synonym for ` ugly ' . during her ted talk , lillian said that ` fat ' should n't mean the same thing as ugly . unfortunately , she pointed to a statistic that shows that size discrimination in the workplace has risen 66 per cent in the past 30 years .
patrick and marianne charles , 78 , were without heating during a blackout . couple , who had been married for 53 years , sat down in their conservatory in eastbourne , with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room . the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes .
perth glory were fined $ 269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years . fans set off flares , unimpressed by attempts by officials to placate them . the club failed to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players .
more than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of jesus christ between now and june 24 . ` whether you believe or do n't believe , there is no doubt it is something special , ' said archbishop cesare nosiglia .
louise smith , 38 , secretly plucked girl 's hair and put it in her food . she was eating dinner with the child and a man in the crown and thistle pub near carlisle , cumbria , last may when she planted the hairs and complained to staff . but when baffled staff probed their cctv , they found her standing over the girl and plucked two hairs from her head . chef stephen foster said that once he was made aware of the
the error was spotted during a training course in hamble near southampton . two officers have decided to proudly continue wearing the tops with the mistake . one member of staff decided to return the faulty garment . chairman of the hampshire police federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform and posted a photograph of it online .
 migrant workers producing vegetables exported to britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities . they are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands , while some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern spain . they claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them to produce salads and vegetables that end up on supermarket shelves . revelations will horrify millions of customers of british supermarkets , all of which tell consumers their food is produced ethically
the 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at colorado springs - but then languished for another six hours . passengers told how the short-haul flight 's meager supplies of crackers and water dwindled , while the single bathroom became ` foul ' .
elizabeth warren says she 's relieved dzhokhar tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the boston marathon bombings . in an interview with cbs this morning on thursday , warren reacted to wednesday 's jury verdict which found the 21-year-old guilty on all 30 charges related to the bombings which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line . ` nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it 's been a terrible thing but this
tate ricks , nine , was reportedly fishing with his grandmother 's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore . authorities are searching a florida river for a nine-year-old boy who went missing after a boat carrying him and a family friend was hit with a wake causing the boat to capsize .
the marshall county board voted last week to send a bill for $ 76,000 to the peoria republican who resigned last month after questions about his extravagant government-funded spending . the letter seeks a check or a promise from schock that he will pay for this summer 's special and general election costs .
jack welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused higher education to become cripplingly expensive . he warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education , which is now failing to give students value for the amount of money they are forced to shell out .
the former secretary of state played by kate mckinnon and one of her advisers , played by vanessa bayer , discuss how she will declare her intentions at noon on sunday . the pair decide to record a cellphone video of the democrat for her campaign launch in a bid to make her come across as soft and approachable . during the scene , which includes a cameo from her husband bill , they insist her second run at the white house will be about the people and not centered around her .
the family had left a waterfront restaurant thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the port of los angeles . the boy 's parents swam to the surface , but the children were stuck in vehicle . the eight-year-old boy died at the hospital several hours later .
the mail has this week exposed companies that have secretly sold private financial and medical information without proper checks . the revelations have prompted probes by the information commissioner 's office and the direct marketing commission . a third investigation has been launched by the general pharmaceutical council into pharmacy2u , the uk 's biggest online pharmacy .
pryce , 62 , spent two months at her majesty 's pleasure after being convicted of perverting the course of justice for taking huhne 's speeding fines . she has been speaking about life post prison and how she 's handled a stellar , if not tumultuous , career - all while bringing up her brood .
australian couple who abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in india were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless . documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind . the foi documents reportedly show staff at the australian high commission in new delhi and government officials in canberra detail how the couple travelled to india in late 2012 and seeked citizenship for a baby girl
kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it 's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography . to take vacation cruises or gamble on dog or horse races . swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time .
driss diaeddinn , 50 , bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers , 38-year-old dodi fayed , and their mother , 76 , kenza benzakour , on the ground floor of their phoenix , arizona home at 2pm on thursday . police believe the shooting occurred after a family dispute and believe one of the dead family members had shot their relatives before taking their own life .
cn tower in toronto offers sweeping views of canada 's largest city and lake ontario . the cn tower is one of the seven wonders of the modern world by the american society of civil engineers . the cliff has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982 ft .
leah rogers and ryan flanaghan spotted purple teddy at seller 's stall . as a former collector , he recognised the bear as a limited edition princess diana di beanie baby - one of the most sought after in the collection which can be worth thousands of pounds . they are now selling it on ebay with a starting bid of # 20,000 .
stephanie decided that long-distance phone calls were n't enough and she wanted to give her father a visual note of how much she missed him while he was away . the next time the nasa employee was up in space , she decided to create a huge art project in the desert that he would be able to see from the international space station .
` washington 's horribly broken , ' kentucky republican sen. rand paul said tuesday , but it came in the midst of a tv interview broken up by prickly moments and interruptions . ` why do n't we let me explain instead of talking over me , ok ? ' he griped .
raymond charles laing has spent the past three years behind bars . he has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving , and a further 31 times for driving while disqualified . he was due to appear before the parole board last month . despite his comments , laing will walk free on may 15 .
the boardroom retreat is a way for executives and their staff to learn a set of skills that will help them every day . they teach skills and strategies which can be implemented into people 's every day lives . shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell have been more than three decades of life coaching experience .
john koepke , in wittmann , arizona , was found nursing a set of three young chihuahua puppies in a box . footage showed the animals clambering across the furniture as officers from maricopa county sheriff 's office making their way across the excrement laden , urine-stained carpet to rescue the pets .
taylor alesana , 16 , of fallbrook , california took her own life on april 2 after being bullied because she was transgender . the north county lgbtq resource center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults , and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy -lrb- above in photo from 2 years ago -rrb- .
louisa steckenreuter , 35 , a mother to two young children , darcy , 13 , and tilda , 2 , was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , a rare form of cancer last year . now to have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment the woman from dulwich hill , in sydney 's inner-west , needs to raise $ 100,000 . the mother-of-two has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy ,
the italian-inspired mansion , which has incredible 360-degree views across the mountains , has gone on the market for a tidy $ 29.5 million . homeowner dick rothkopf , a former toy company chief , chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills .
michael easy , 29 , sparked a nationwide police manhunt after going on the run . he posted photos of himself posing in a platinum wig and pink dame edna . image showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police . but officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months .
kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america . the miami-based latina , who has already been dubbed the ` cuban kim ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches .
restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield , 79 , claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life . he moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help tasmanians take advantage of its grand heritage . he decided to relocate back to new south wales after the government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent .
the former obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the state department . in a terse interview with npr last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic , she repeated that position . now a presidential candidate , clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the supreme court on the matter .
shah jahah khan , 62 , and ibrahim anderson , 38 , deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation . anderson appeared at westminster magistrates court wearing dark grey islamic dress with a grey cardigan , while elderly-looking khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue isis dress .
house homeland security panel chairman michael mccaul revealed that capitol authorities had doug hughes , 61 , in their sights and were prepared to open fire . ` had it gotten any closer to the speaker 's balcony they have long guns to take it down , but it did n't . it landed right in front , ' he said .
the eight-year-old girl was in the car with her mother , chantelle boddy , and two brothers when it is believed their holden astra aqua-planed spun out of control . piper 's grandmother , helen , was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on wyee road near doyalson about 5.15 pm on saturday . warwick milham arrived at the scene after hearing his wife , glenda , and daughter ,
the labor department reported on thursday that the number of jobless americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4 per cent last year from 10.9 per cent in 2013 . overall , the u.s. generated 3.1 million jobs last year , the most since 1999 .
todd larson , 55 , told daily mail online he had parked his dodge challenger worth $ 30,000 in the driveway of his taylorsville home on march 25 when moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53 am . ` it hit so hard that four or five neighbors ' car alarms went off , ' he said . the faa did an investigation and found an a1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened and when the plane was
nigel jackson , 59 , is accused of murdering his wife brenda davidson , 72 . he was arrested at his country home in alvor , near portimao in january . at the time jackson claimed mrs davidson committed suicide after being diagnosed with ovarian and thyroid cancer . but after being shown evidence she was killed , he has now changed his story . in a letter from jail entitled ` love , care devotion and betrayal ' , he sticks to the rest of his original story
an idyllic two-bedroom log cabin , nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the new forest , has gone on the market for # 350,000 . the 76-sq ft hideaway , based near the tiny hampshire hamlet of newgrounds , is made entirely from timber imported from norway . its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthole would be worth elsewhere .
italian astronaut samantha cristoforetti wore the uniform on friday . together with nasa astronaut terry virts she captured the spacecraft . on board it had 4,000 lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine . it will remain at the iss for a month before returning to earth . it supports a crew of up to six , with crews split into groups of three . the station orbits at a height of about 255 miles -lrb- 410km -rrb- and has
the septum ring is n't a new trend - the process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years . it was a coming-of-age ritual for some north american tribes - the boys would be given the nose ring when they became a man . in australia , aboriginals used the piercing to try and flatten their nose , which they believed made them look more attractive .
taxpayers are having to find # 11billion a year to top up the wages of millions of people working in supermarkets and other low paid jobs . the money amounts to a massive public subsidy for the companies involved , is paid to 5.2 million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits . campaigners say figures shine a light on how companies making huge profits are relying on the taxpayer to ensure their staff have enough money to put food on the table .
solomon bygraves , 29 , was jailed for 30 months for mugging pensioner . he asked courts to lock him up for a ` long time ' after admitting robbery . pensioner was then left lying in entrance to flats in soho , central london . he offered to help pensioner with his shopping but instead snatched his wallet .
lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls . some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their gp over the web . officials stressed that people would not be forced use the service and insisted it would only be for minor ailments or progress checks .
jacob church , 21 , and joe tobin , 29 , were at an art exhibition at a former bank building when the vault door shut behind them . the pair were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated while police kept in contact with them to check their oxygen levels were not getting dangerously low . after their six-hour ordeal , firefighters were able to cut through the thick concrete walls .
researchers focused on pomc neurons , which are a structure called the hypothalamus , that send and receive signals to regulate appetite . when the gene for the vaping factor is deleted , the cells no longer make it . when pom c neurons are absent , or not working properly , animals and humans grow dangerously obese .
patricia jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity . in part after school alumnus scott lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by thelma & louise star susan sarandon , who 's his aunt . another one of jann buzzi 's posts compared a lesbian relationship to news of egyptian men being beheaded and she said that ` secular materialists - making
shayna hubers has been charged with murder in the october 12 , 2012 , of 29-year-old ryan poston inside his condominium in highland heights , ohio . hubers , who was 21 at the time , claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her . during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave posten ` the nose job he wanted ' .
the queen 's cousin , 79 , injured himself while staying at the royal family 's balmoral estate . he was taken to aberdeen royal infirmary on easter monday and spent a night in hospital being treated for his injuries before being discharged today . buckingham palace confirmed his royal highness prince edward 's injury .
jarret stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , a former espn employee who now works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports . he was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and mdma at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand hotel shortly before 5pm . stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in
shane o'byrne and wife jaimie were battling chichester district council . they took their newborn baby cristabelle out for the first time in march 2013 . in the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver 's seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty .
loretta reinholdt , 54 , andy wasinger , 46 , were on their second day into a trip from belize to the honduran island of roatan in which they were learning to sail on a 17-meter-long hired boat with a captain . four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money after waving down the boat by asking for gas .
leon yeaman , 55 , was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old shift worker phillip pama . pama covered his face as he left brisbane magistrate courts where he was granted conditional bail on friday . the samoan man was ordered to surrender his passport , aherre to a curfew from 6pm to 2am .
lisa mcelroy , a 50-year-old drexel professor , appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my meredith vieira . she got tripped up on the $ 12,500 level after flying through the first few questions , notes philly.com . in 2010 , she appeared on game show who wants to be a milionaire .
the men , who were both in their 20s , had stripped off before raiding a petrol station on the hottest day of the years so far . police in surrey have released cctv of the two raiders who stripped-off their shirts before attempting to rob the esso filling station in town end , caterham . they forced their way into the manager 's office and were ransacking the room , looking for cash , when disturbed by a member of the garage staff and fled .
the boy , known only as hanghang , was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it . he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face , exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs .
the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole at a river in northern territory . after feasting on its ' meal , the three-metre reptile noticed ms gleeson from a distance before it submerged into the water . the incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught last month after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals in a daly river community .
rahm emanuel was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat cook county commissioner garcia . the mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago . the 55-year-old mayor ascended the stage at plumbers local 130 union hall tuesday night to the sounds of u2 's beautiful day .
the driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling . police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front room of a house . the four-month-old girl was airlifted to the royal children 's hospital in melbourne . she remains in an induced coma with life-threatening head injuries .
dr. frederic brandt killed himself on easter sunday , weeks after the march 6 launch of the unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix . in it , martin short plays a caricatured white-haired cosmetologist called dr franff with an inordinate amount of fillers in his face .
bishop robert finn , 62 , offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some ` grave ' reason that makes them unfit for office . but children 's rights advocates are urging pope francis to do much more to deal with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals .
designer shanon parker has designed and built a fantastic fleet of movie-inspired vehicles . among their wonders on wheels are lifelike versions of batman 's tumbler from the dark knight film trilogy and the much-loved ghostbusters car . parker fills up his ecto-1 at a petrol station in port canaveral , florida .
villagers in the small hamlet of cledford , cheshire , had vehemently opposed the plans saying travellers could ` intimidate ' nearby pensioners . but yesterday , east council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting , which will create a ` transit site ' with room for nine gipsy families .
british reverend charles martin king parsons , who was one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate it , was liberated by british and canadian troops in 1945 . the german reichskriegs flag and hitler portrait adorned them , were consumed by flames . these never-before-seen images were uncovered by tom marshall .
rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs . she had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy , to examine her digestive tract to ensure it was all healthy . but it was during the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample .
the kardashians fended off swooning fans as they entered the saint james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city . archbishop aris shirvanian , an armenian church official , said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony . the 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour .
residents of rural towns like cumnock , errowanbang and molong in nsw and wicheproof in victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children . the mercer family , who moved from melbourne , at their country home , is one of the rentafarmhouse properties which was put on the market for $ 1 a week .
fire department officials in texas have been arrested after their volunteer firefighter were charged with sexually assaulting a new male recruit with a chorizo sausage . five firefighters and one 's girlfriend , who is suspected of videoing the attack at emergency service district 6 volunteer fire department in waxahachie , were taken in to custody earlier this week on sexual assault charges .
aimee west , 24 , said to be in a relationship with major paul draper . just two years after fusilier rigby was hacked to death in woolwich , south-east london . she is said to have formed a close bond with major draper , who was a mourner at her fiance 's funeral .
susan spencer 's chief technology officer kevin sullivan explained the appeal of his company 's single-serve coffee machine is that users can ` just close the handle and touch a button , and away it goes ' . keurig green mountain has proved highly successfully and made $ 4.7 billion in revenue .
piper kulk , 8 , on the right of the family snap caption ` our babies ' , died on sunday morning , hours after the crash on the nsw central coast , when the car being driven by their grandmother , helen boddy , 54 , aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute . daniel , 12 , and chantelle , 31 , had just been picked up from a nearby train station . the couple had spent the day at
prime minister will tell voters in england that new powers mean it ` can now have a big impact on your job , your income , and investment in your area ' . scottish nationalists are likely to accuse mr cameron of wanting westminster to ` mark the scotish parliament 's homework ' every year .
agnese klavina , 30 , vanished after being driven away from celebrity puerto banus haunt aqwa mist on september 6 last year . older sister gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as ` very beautiful ' and spoke of her despair at the lack of news . multi-millionaire property developer 's son westley capper and pal craig porter were summoned to court on monday in marbella .
labour leader ed miliband posed for a selfie with staff in maidstone , kent . cameron has been seen donning cheesy grins on numerous occasions . labour leader nigel farage joins in with the craze on the campaign trail in south ockenden , essex , on saturday .
the man , believed to be a neighbour of the carriageworks venue , walked onto the runway while designer kym ellery was taking her bow . the man was overheard to tell security that the music was a ` disgrace ' , and that show organisers had ` no respect for the local community ' .
a game of thrones ` super-fan ' had a fully functional toilet built for him that 's an almost-identical replica of the iron throne . while the throne on the show was forged from 200 swords melted by dragon breath at the order of aegon the conqueror . the loo version was made using plywood by a team of top hollywood prop makers for youtube show super fan builds .
andrew o'clee , 36 , may have been on the prowl for wife number three . web profile matching his description was discovered outside chichester crown court . he duped his first wife , michelle , 39 , into believing he needed to spend periods away from family home in a ` safe house ' because he was involved in a serious fraud trial .
princess diana 's final wishes for the disposal of her # 21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online . those of winston churchill and george orwell can also be seen . in her will , paul burrell was bequeathed the sum of # 50,000 , free of inheritance tax . possessions including paintings and a clock were distributed among her 17 godchildren , while the rest went to her
the history of the area dates back to may 1809 when 83 acres of the tidal river avon was impounded to keep ships in the port of bristol afloat at all times . the council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said the reaction had been ` overwhelmingly ' in support for the scheme from cyclists , pedestrians and wheelchair users .
ella dawson , a recent graduate of wesleyan university , was diagnosed with herpes two years ago and says she 's been dropping the ` herpes bomb ' about six months after she had her first outbreak . in her essay for women 's health mag , she recalls meeting a boy at a party who offered her a sip of his beer .
post office asked forensic accountants second sight to investigate horizon it system . complaints from dozens of subpostmasters wrongly accused of theft , fraud and false accounting when cash shortfalls were discovered . leaked copy of accountants ' independent report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures , cyber criminals or human error .
zeke celello burst into tears when hillary clinton announced her campaign to be president of the united states . the 67-year-old was overcome with emotion when clinton declared her second presidential bid , and insisted to his mother that 2016 is his year to shine . he eventually concedes that playtime is not the top priority of a commander-in-chief .
the case involves a man from central queensland who has been charged with torture , after another man went to hospital suffering fractures , head injuries and burns . police arrested a 32-year-old man from suburban kepnock who will appear at bundaberg magistrates court on monday on charges including grievous bodily harm , deprivation of liberty and torture .
ayatollah ali khamenei was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the swiss city of lausanne . in remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line , he warned about ` deceptive ' intentions of the united states . he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the june 30 deadline .
ashley mote , 79 , of binsted , hampshire , is accused of string of fraud-related offences . he allegedly made from the fraud went towards funding various legal costs . he denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between november 2004 and july 2010 . mote could claim expenses , including a parliamentary assistance allowance , or secretarial allowance , to help fund his work .
the cards have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators . many claim the 60-year-old 's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention . abu-jamal shot philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in cold blood in 1981 . but this week he was delivered two batches of letters - one from a third grade class in orange , new jersey and another from high school students in the philadelphia student union .
erica kinsman filed a lawsuit against top nfl prospect jameis winston , claiming he raped and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012 . winston could be selected as the first overall pick . the hearing was held to determine whether winston violated four sections of the code of conduct - two for sexual misconduct and two for endangerment .
researchers at stanford university examined reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the united states to student race . they found that teachers were more likely to view youngsters who thought were black as troublemakers than those they thought were white . teachers tend to see black pupils as likely to cause trouble in the future if they have misbehaved in the past .
joy webb took her 80-year-old grandfather james drain to the annual end-of-year dance this weekend . drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the navy in 1951 at age 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the korean war .
dominique granier sparked outrage after he suggested putting on a service specifically for people travelling from a roma encampment next to a cemetery . but while his comments were immediately met with horror by some , the bus company tam has taken his comments seriously and is said to have ` outsourced ' part of the route .
loren mathieson filmed her pet boston terrier , gizmo , performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties . footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air .
eric lee gates and his adult daughter , chalena mae moody , had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care . in march , moody was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge , but got credit for time already served .
the audience at the filming of thursday night 's debate repeatedly cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration . when ukip leader nigel farage interjected and said they were prejudiced , ` even by the left-wing standards of the bbc ' , the audience only booed him further .
a 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain has been rescued by 15 firefighters . rescue teams were called to meadowbank in sydney 's west about 11pm on wednesday with reports a man was trapped in a drain . firefighters , paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg .
the little girl , who appears to be around six or seven , is shown sitting on a ridge in her bright pink jumper and trainers , just behind the large machine gun . she chats away to a man behind the camera , telling him she is ` shooting at daesh ' in kurdish - before firing several rounds into the desert . however , it is unclear exactly what the girl is shooting at in the minute-long video .
the dog from des moines named tank won the 36th annual ` beautiful bulldog ' contest sunday at drake university . tank received top honors as well as a crown and cape . he will appear before more than 16,000 fans -- or , royal subjects -- at the university 's drake relays to be honored as mascot of the event .
california-based wings of rescue or south carolina-based pilots n paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time . the two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year . it 's estimated that more than 4 million u.s. pets are euthanized every year .
residents from the island of kudahuvadhoo reported witnessing ' a low-flying jumbo jet ' on the morning of march 8 last year . the reports come as acoustic scientists from curtin university refuse to rule out the possibility that distinctive ' data they recorded from the area at assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the plane . despite an exhaustive search , locals believe they identified red and blue markings , similar to those of the missing plane , on a large passenger jet
michael shepard , 35 , conned parents into letting him babysit their children . he was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter . when asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors , he claimed that he had been in prison for a ` romeo and juliet romance ' with a preacher 's daughter .
kat lee 's desperate plea on facebook has gone viral as she appealed for witnesses to come forward following her son 's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone . she told the advertiser a group of five , including four teenagers and an adult , attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog . on sunday , ms lee wrote on her facebook page that she had spent three hours at the hospital with jaidyn . later on she urged for any witnesses
shaun ingram booked his ford focus st in for a major service and mot at halfords autocentre in plymouth last month , costing # 255 . but when he went to collect his car , he was shocked to discover that a mechanic had taken it for a spin after his dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone .
in the first three months of the year , 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards - some 4,830 patients every day . over the past year , more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time -- compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 -- the worst on record since 2004 .
julie creffield was told she was too big to contemplate running 26.2 miles . she completed a marathon in 2012 and has done numerous other races since . now through her website , the fat girl 's guide to running , she 's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of their size and ability .
the danish monarch was joined for the balcony appearance by her son and heir , crown prince frederik , 46 , his wife crown princess mary , 43 , and their four children . waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared .
yingying dou , 30 , reportedly ran mymaster website which charged up to $ 1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 nsw universities . the university of sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the site . internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating .
royal china club , on baker street in central london , raided by inspectors . trading standards officers raided restaurant and confiscated illegally imported fins . charity bite-back boasted it sold soup and dish made with ground shark teeth . more than 70 million sharks killed each year for their fins , often dying slow .
peter mutty , from roseberry in sydney 's inner-west , was caught with two cartons of beer , one box of red wine and a box of white wine in his car on august 31 last year . the possession of alcohol is illegal in saudi arabia . while other expats who had committed the same crime in the past were deported , mutty was ordered to serve jail time according to the islamic calendar .
jeff richmond , who is an executive producer and the music composer on his wife 's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt , described the death of fredric brandt , 65 , on sunday as ` very sad ' . it came as sources close to brandt said the doctor , who suffered from depression , told people magazine he was ` definitely hurt ' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the netflix show .
dale and debra krein of rogue river filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant tibetan mastiffs . the kreins claimed their lives have been plagued by the noise since the defendants , john updegraff and karen szewc , started breeding dogs in 2002 .
emily thornberry has come out against david cameron 's pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes . eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost # 1million . tories said miss thornberry , who lost her frontbench job after tweeting a sneering picture of a house covered in england flags and with a white van outside .
labour leader harold wilson secretly lobbied the bbc to change the time of popular comedy steptoe and son on the night of the 1964 election . mr wilson went to the home of bbc director general sir hugh greene and told him the show could cost him 20 seats .
izzat ibrahim al-douri , 72 , headed the naqshbandi order insurgent group , an important faction behind the recent rise of isis . he was the king of clubs in the infamous pack of cards the us issued of wanted members of saddam 's regime after its collapse .
the armed gang surround emmanuel sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives and bludgeon him with a wrench in alexandra township near johannesburg . in a chilling twist the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner . his cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from a mobile phone found in his
wonga 's revenues fell by nearly # 100million last year to a total of # 217.2 million . chairman andy haste says the company might ditch its controversial brand in a bid to repair the company 's reputation . the firm has been hit by new rules on payday lending , as well as being forced to pay compensation to customers who were sent fake legal letters .
the system would use a telescope already mounted on the station to find and target pieces of debris up to 62 miles -lrb- 100km -rrb- away . powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into earth 's atmosphere , where it would burn up . tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the iss . it would be used to shoot down pieces of space debris in earth orbit . the system could target things less than 0.4 inches -lrb
almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts . trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to social network . facebook has even started running television adverts to entice the so-called ` silver surfers ' to join . now a survey of around 2,000 britons has revealed it is having opposite effect on youngsters .
the proportion of students who dislike green leader natalie bennett has doubled since september to 24 per cent . since then it has dropped sharply to only 15 per cent , meaning they have now been overtaken by the conservatives who are on 25 % . support for the greens rose steadily over two years , and peaked at 28 per cent in february .
bobby brown was performing at the verizon theatre in dallas when he told the stunned audience that ` bobbi is awake ' . the singer did n't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit . after the 46-year-old 's comment , his sister tina posted on facebook , ' -lsb- bobbi -rsb- woke up and is no longer on life support !! thanks for your prayers , still a process , but
david cameron will unveil analysis to show labour and snp are ` really on the same side ' . snp backed labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy . yesterday she suggested she would seek to hold labour to ransom on vote-by-vote basis .
joel burger , 24 , proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend ashley king . the pair from new berlin , illinois , went through high school together . but they did n't start dating until they were about to part ways for college . after at least five years together , the ribbing has not subsided .
the 84-year-old cricket commentator has passed away after a battle with skin cancer . his commentary was understated and often extremely funny , and his one-liners were perfectly timed . his signature one liners soon dropped to a simple word . ` marvellous ... ' will forever be linked to the cricket legend .
professor paul whiteley of the university of essex said a ` messy and unstable ' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power even if the conservatives won more seats or a greater share of the vote . it ended with labour prime minister james callaghan losing a vote of no confidence .
sugar dishes that contain ` shocking ' amounts of sugar are being promoted as healthy eating options by the government 's flagship anti-obesity initiative . change4life , which is being run by public health england to help address the country 's obesity crisis , is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving .
jannik andersen , a student at the university of colorado , was hit by the train in the 45000 block of pacific street in indio , four miles north-east of coachella 's grounds . he was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later . police have launched an investigation into the incident .
kendall and baylee are one in a million . an amazing quirk of genetics means that one sister has black skin and the other is white . father curtis martin and mother rebecca horton cradle twins kendall . they were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm . this means they have inherited different genes from their parents .
crash investigators have released a photo that reveals the aftermath of a plane 's dramatic landing at east midlands airport . a set of wheels broke off the boeing 737 moments after it touched down at the airport , near derby , causing the cargo plane to skid along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop . it happened as the plane delivered 10 tonnes of freight , including dangerous goods , on an air contractors flight that originated in athens and included a stopover at charles de
italian alex bellini is to be subjected to the full force of the iceberg as it melts , cracks and even flips . the aim of the cabin fever-inducing stunt is to highlight how global warming will melt icebergs around the world . the capsule will be 10ft -lrb- three metres -rrb- wide and could fit 10 people - but mr bellini will remove all of the seats apart from one , for himself .
charlie linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in afghanistan last year . he is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter summit next month . linville said in kathmandu on friday , on his way to tibet in neighboring china , from where he will set out on eve
analysis of what brits were searching for during last night 's tv debate reveals viewers wanted to know why david cameron was not taking part . contest saw labour 's ed miliband , snp 's nicola sturgeon , ukip 's nigel farage , green 's natalie bennett and plaid cymru 's leanne wood .
the images were captured as part of the robot 's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors . developed by hitachi-ge nuclear energy and the international research institute for nuclear decommissioning , it was supposed to function for 10 hours at levels of radiation which would be fatal to humans .
the 21-year-old son of councillor shakil ahmed has been released without charge . he was accused of trying to sneak into syria with eight of his relatives . six people arrested at birmingham airport , two women and two men aged 22 and 47 . they were arrested by turkish police within walking distance of border .
more than 20 other states have such lists . but , the one included by the republican-dominated kansas legislature in a bill that gop gov. sam brownback planned to sign thursday appears to be the most exhaustive . the taxpayer-funded temporary assistance for needy families program , currently provides cash payments of up to $ 497 per month for a family of four .
kim 's 352-page collection of selfies wo n't be officially available to the masses until may , gilt.com offered fans a special pre-sale of copies on thursday afternoon . in celebration of the book 's phenomenally successful sale , kim took to twitter to thank her fans for their support .
police charged 34-year-old paul johnson-yarosevich of acton , maine , on monday with prohibited use of computer . the investigation started in december after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact . authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man .
carlos boente , 33 , was serving time at hmp birmingham for similar harassment type offences when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in november 2013 . after getting her number from a cellmate , the prisoner originally asked her to change his facebook password as a favour . he bombarded the teenager with thousands of texts and calls - telling her sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison .
danielle davies gave birth to harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour without any drugs . shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice . newborn harley from morecambe , lancs , weighs 11lb 5oz and already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months .
oratilwe hlongwane , from johannesburg , south africa , is still learning to put together words but is already able to select and play music from a laptop . his capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music .
former deputy prime minister said he can not see a problem with the future king writing to government ministers . lord prescott 's intervention comes after the supreme court backed a previous ruling paving the way for the publication of prince charles 's so-called ` black spider ' memos . the letters were penned between september 2004 and march 2005 .
michelle , 27 , unveils new range ahead of launch on wednesday . has been chanelling her passion for fashion into lipsy ranges for several seasons . says she simply cleanses , tones and moisturises every day . says her beauty regime keeps her fit , healthy and glowing from inside out .
me-bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old . she did n't see her mother , who also worked in the trade , for three years . it is particularly sad because females tend to stick together in herds until they die , sharing incredibly strong bonds .
reports of child sex abuse cases have risen by more than 60 % in the wake of investigations such as operation yewtree and the rotherham scandal . figures revealed thousands more people had contacted police with allegations of abuse since 2011 , with nearly 9,000 reports filed in 2014 . the number of arrests fell by nine per cent , prompting critics to accuse the government of failing victims of abuse .
cameron wyn jones underwent hip operation at private clinic in bridgend . he paid because welsh nhs could not perform the operation soon enough . labour-controlled administration in wales has come under intense criticism for a series of high-profile failings within the country 's nhs .
angelina santini from san diego , california , filmed her son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day . the comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor . he then stops to look at the camera before starting his bouncing stunt again . after a few gentle rocks , he 's soon going at full speed with his arms waving in the air .
the work at the dome of the rock was meant to replace carpet , worn away by thousands of pilgrims at the gold-topped shrine , which overlooks old jerusalem . but when the old carpet was lifted , it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs - which could point to where the ark of the covenant was buried 2,500 years ago . discovery of the cryptic geometric patterns immediately caught the attention of some researchers , thrilled at the possibility of solving the indiana jones-type mystery which touches
the aaron hernandez 's fiance , shayanna jenkins , 25 , sobbed and hugged the killer 's mom in the massachusetts court on wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder . just feet away across the aisle in the packed courtroom , sat her 23-year-old sister , shaneah , who was executed with five bullets on june 17 , 2013 . the once-close sisters shared an apartment in their native
patricia ebel , 49 , was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool when she crashed her black bmw into a car that was stopped at an intersection in naples , florida . ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by collier county sheriff 's deputies . she also refused to take a breathalyzer test .
ryan giggs , 37 , was found guilty of driving a mercedes c200 without insurance . under the ` totting-up ' procedure , the former player-manager of non-league side salford city , was forced to hand over his licence having already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences .
faith myers , 14 , from nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still ` high ' from the procedure 's anesthesia . footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat . after sausages are also given a thumbs down , faith and her mother finally settle on jell-o .
lynne abraham , 74 , collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday 's hour-long debate between democratic candidates . the former philadelphia district attorney was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question . the camera panned over to see the former district attorney lying helpless on the floor .
elijah overcomer , 26 , left gloriavale , a town of about 500 on new zealand 's west coast , with his wife , rosanna , 29 , and their children in late march 2013 . shortly after their departure , the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village , by m. night shyamalan . they even make their own scare tactics to scare people from going outside the wee village , ' he said .
robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans even though his lawyers say he wants to go to los angeles as soon as possible to face a murder charge there . a grand jury charged durst with possession of a firearm by a felon , and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug . 5 ounces of marijuana , said assistant district attorney chris bowman , spokesman for the district attorney . durst 's attorneys could not be immediately
linda hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $ 3.5 million a year after she divorced the wwe hall of famer in 2009 . called villa di montagna , the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated wood ranch golf & country club community .
two senior advisers said on saturday that hillary clinton 's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families . until now , the former first lady has offered only hints of what would drive her if she were to run a second time for the white house .
alex impey receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store , gnostic hemporium , on the nsw central coast , north of sydney . ` i 've got people coming in all the time , who have everything from cancer to early onset parkinson 's , ' the father of two said . larisa rule recovers in hospital after one of her surgical procedures with mum jaylen by her side .
us officials briefed on months-long investigation conducted by the fbi and secret service , that the hackers were able to access real-time , non-public schedule of president obama . in october 2014 , the white house acknowledged that there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office .
marathon season is in full swing with the london marathon set to take place a week on sunday . the long distance runners will inspire many to take up running and as the evening gets lighter . but what trainers should you go for ? running is often celebrated as a budget sport because you do n't have to pay expensive gym fees or buy lots of equipment .
the first star wars spin-off rogue one at the star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california , on sunday . at the same time , the iconic franchise 's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline , saying : ' a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans ' .
the duke of wellington 's forces defeated and killed tipu sultan in 1799 . troops plundered the city and the palace , returning to britain with gold , jewellery , arms , armour , clothing and even tipu 's grand throne . this month , a collection of the historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at bonhams .
the couple , who are in their 30s , were convicted of noise pollution and harassment for the ` raucous screams ' during steamy sex sessions at their apartment in san martino . their long-suffering neighbours , who first took them to court in 2009 , described the wails of passion as ` deafening ' . the couple appealed the sentence and have now been ordered to pay # 7,000 in damages to their neighbours who now live elsewhere .
scott waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from nasa 's mercury project . scientists say radical claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia , which is the psychological response to seeing significant items in random places .
michael buckley , 60 , from forest hill , south east london , died after being hit by a shopping trolley as he bought festive groceries at marks & spencer . a shopper caused the death of a frail widower by ` deliberately ramming ' him with her trolley , a court heard . melanie buck is said to have become frustrated because the food aisles were gridlocked by christmas shoppers . when she could not get past 60-year-old michael buck
the 4th district court of appeal in san diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family 's lawsuit trying to block the encinitas union school district from teaching yoga . the lawsuit brought by stephen and jennifer sedlock and their two children claimed the school district 's yoga classes promoted hinduism .
leslie cooper , 36 , arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder abdul hadi arwani . the father of six was an imam at a controversial mosque in west london . he was found dead in his black volkswagen passat on april 7 . burnell mitchell , 61 , brother of boney m 's lead singer , also arrested .
sisters sophie morgan , 25 , and sophie , 21 , agreed to let their bank accounts be used to accept thousands of pounds in stolen money . the victims were conned out of over # 36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman . the couple , a man aged 86 , and his 84-year old wife from cardiff , were contacted by a man pretending to be a metropolitan police detective sergeant falsely claiming they were about to fall victim to an eastern euro
jemma peacock , 31 , suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer . is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life . the third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the nhs around # 1,000 a week . the mother-of-two , who lives with her husband tony and daughters kacie , six , and willow , four , in storrington , west sussex , has wild-type gastrointestinal cancer , which causes
the meat is so popular domestic cats are being stolen to order from the street and homes across vietnam and smuggled across the border in tightly-packed trucks from neighbouring china and laos . in january a lorry with three tonnes of cats crammed into bamboo cages stacked one on top of another was seized by police on its way to hanoi from china . the truck driver was fined just # 250 -lrb- 7.5 million dong -rrb- for smuggling them
violet pietrok , from portland , oregon , was born with frontonasal dysplasia , a congenital malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb . condition caused a widening of violet 's facial features , specifically with her nose , which had no cartilage , and the space between her eyes .
no man 's land fort , a victorian sea fort in the middle of the solent , is set to open this month . the spectacular isolated fort has been turned into a luxury impregnable haven complete with a rooftop hot tub , shops and even its own nightclub . with four floors packed with a variety of entertaining facilities , it 's sure to leave guests with unforgettable memories .
researchers behind gallup-healthways well-being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low . when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured , peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013 . but marking a shift in the trend , for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9 per cent . if the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for president obama 's
the so-called ` boomerang generation ' are placing their parents under serious financial pressure by living at home even in their twenties and thirties . now debt organisations have warned that parents should not be afraid to ask their children for rent and money towards household bills amid fears the british ` stiff upper lip ' makes them reluctant to admit when they need help .
a number of online retailers stock the offending garments , which feature phrases such as ' i heart my stalker ' and ` some people call it stalking ' . the t-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women , and play into people 's fear of being laughed at , which prevents victims from seeking help to deal with stalkers .
more than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches in japan . the whales were found washed up along a 6-mile stretch of the pacific coast of hokato . but officials are still investigating the cause of the strandings . fears appeared to be based on appearance of 50 whales six days before the devastating undersea earthquake in 2011 .
jeremy trentelman , 36 , of ogden , utah , built a giant box fort for his son max and two-year-old daughter story , that included trap doors and a small slide . the father , who works as a florist arranging intricate displays , was greeted with a letter from code enforcement officials one day later saying his creation must be scrapped .
britney e. montenegro , 20 , was charged with disorderly conduct in orlando , florida , early saturday after getting involved in a fight . the fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets in downtown orlando . the incident occurred at east pine street and south court avenue around 2.40 am .
dust mites live for three to four months and live off human and animal skin . an average bed can have approximately 10,000 dust mites living in it at one time . the odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms .
tony degrafreed , of indianapolis , has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife rebecca degrreed , 47 , at their home in july 2014 . rebecca died from blunt and sharp force traumatic injures to the head and neck , according to an autopsy report .
ed miliband will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if labour wins the election . in a last-ditch attempt to steal the tories mantle as the party of economic responsibility , he will warn supporters that labour faces coming to power in a ` time of scarcity ' . mr miliband infamously forgot to make any mention of the deficit in his party conference speech last year . polls show labour lags far behind the conservatives in trust on managing public finances .
the gas forms through a process called serpentinisation . occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the seafloor . scientists do n't believe they will impact climate change . instead , they say similar formations could someday be used to store methane , that can later be used as fuel .
martina levato and her german boyfriend alexander boettcher wanted to ` purge ' her previous relationships by assaulting men she had previously been linked to . the 23-year-old , who was reportedly a student at milan 's private bocconi university , also tried to castrate a man 's genitals while in his car in may 2014 , prosecutors alleged . levato was detained on december 28 last year on suspicion of throwing acid on the face and body of her ex
gavin munro grows trees into plastic moulds , pruning and guiding branches into shape before grafting them together to form ultra-tough joints . using this method he 's already created several prototype pieces and has a field in derbyshire where he is currently tending a crop of 400 tables , chairs and lampshades .
the magna carta was sealed in runnymede , surrey , in june . dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in litter-strewn shanty town . the group , who are linked to occupy london movement , have left locals outraged . last thursday squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence ahead of a hearing next month .
workers underneath six-storey structure fled for their lives after fifth , fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building . terrifying incident is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through holborn on april 1 bringing parts of central london to a standstill and costing local firms # 40million .
rochelle coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity . the 21-year-old , who put on 13 stone in four years by eating through ` boredom ' , has not worked for five years because she says she would be a ` danger ' in the workplace . pressure group the taxpayers ' alliance has now warned the benefit system should not become a ` comfort blanket ' .
michelle woods , from norton in teesside , was told by her daughter elisha mann that ` something was moving ' in the bath . when the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there , that 's when they came face to face with the reptile . she believes it may belong to the property 's previous tenant .
lisa webb first sent her vegetable-phobic three-year-old to school in france . the former assistant elementary school principal , who moved to france in 2009 , was shocked to find rti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers . but when offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter 's lunch breaks for one week , she witnessed tots using ` grown-up knives and forks ' and eating everything put
good morning britain presenter susanna reid , 44 , shared her first unfiltered selfie . women take an average of six selfies before posting one online . men take four , such is the pressure to look their best on social media . former big brother star josie gibson , 30 , said : ' i take about 100 -lsb- selfies -rsb- before i get the right one ' .
gianni van , 45 , is accused of the 1995 murder of fonzalo ramirez , whose blindfolded , bloodied body was found on the side of a road . prosecutors said van was enraged after his ex-girlfriend norma patricia esparza told him ramirez had raped her and he must be held responsible for the attack . van 's lawyer said his client had no knowledge of the plan to harm ramirez and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he sn
the unnamed man was sprinting ahead of the animal , trying to make it to the safety behind a set of iron bars . despite his desperate efforts to climb back up , the bull appeared to hit him right in the bottom with one of its horns . pictures show him crawling desperately towards the safety of the bull bars .
a national driving survey analysed 3700 australian families ' travel habits . almost 20 per cent of nsw families use a more extreme technique . over the counter drug phenergan is commonly used to treat allergies . it contains a sedative called promethazine which is widely known to cause breathing problems in young children .
the car manufacturer teamed up with a swedish start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists . the paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in london were snapped up in days . some of these are now on sale on ebay for # 45 -lrb- $ 66 -rrb- at the time of writing .
a family on new york 's long island tried to keep this snowman alive for as long as possible , but the frosty melted this weekend . when the snowman withered away , he became somewhat of an internet celebrity , with more than 3,000 people liking the page the family dedicated to their carrot-nosed friend on facebook .
the 42-year-old mother-of-two , who founded popular lifestyle wesbite goop , posted a picture of her $ 29 grocery shop on her twitter account yesterday afternoon . she will be living off $ 29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness about food banks .
the husky was captured in a front room in bahama , north carolina . the springer spaniel then begins barking some more and suddenly the husky joins it , but instead produces a far more pleasant sounding howl . the three dogs point their noses to the sky and howl together in harmony .
the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in january , killing one and seriously injuring the other . los angeles sheriff 's spokeswoman nicole nishida says knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse . she says no further details could be released . the judge also reduced bail from $ 25 million to $ 10 million .
university of manchester researchers have revealed an hd dark matter map . it shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky . the goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years . red here shows more dark matter , and blue shows less . the moon is shown top left for scale . and the map was released today at the april meeting of the american physical society in baltimore , maryland . it was created using data captured
mailonline caught up with the world 's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in miami , new york , marbella and monaco . while glamorous scolaro sisters ` partied with a-list movie stars ' , self-made millionaire tomer sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades .
the pilot and passengers in first class heard screaming and banging from beneath the aircraft . the airline said in a news release the captain immediately returned to seattle-tacoma international and declared an emergency for priority landing . the cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized , so he was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen .
international monetary fund predicts uk economy will grow by 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016 , beaten only by the united states . comes as the tories buoyed by the news that inflation remains at zero per cent , with food and fuel prices down sharply year on year .
chancellor challenged 18 times to explain where next tory government would find extra # 8billion it has promised the nhs . during tense exchanges with bbc 's andrew marr , chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how massive cash boost would be paid for . mr osborne said it would come from conservatives ' ` balanced plan ' for the economy , but declined to go into further detail .
the paelo way co-authors of pete evans ' controversial infant cookbook have spoken out in defence of the chef 's decision to independently release the book . charlotte carr and helen padarin said they are ` confident ' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings .
craig stoner , 24 , darren smalley , 35 , joshua finbow , 23 , and simon radford , 31 , were each charged with one count of sexual assault in connection with the alleged incident at a military base in shearwater , nova scotia .
david atherton , 65 , from halliwell , bolton was just about to put his meal in the cooker when he caught sight of the black and white california king hiding inside . rspca officers came to collect the snake the same evening and it has been given a temporary home with a local conservationist since .
sharmeena begum , 15 , was raised by her uncle shamim miah , a devout muslim and former religious scholar . he encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at bethnal green academy in tower hamlets . he blamed the airport authorities , police and her school for letting sharmeena flee the country last december , flying from gatwick to turkey .
judy murray , 55 , has carved out her own star status after appearing on strictly come dancing last year . she also said she would be a ` very active granny ' and in the same way she coached her sons , she already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis . the happy couple thanked staff for their hard work around the top-secret event and signed as ` andy & kimberly murray ' .
the promise of more sunshine comes after friday saw the hottest day of the year so far with 21.9 c -lrb- 71.4 f -rrb- observed at st james 's park in london . meanwhile the met office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for april , may and june of this year in its long-range forecast . but winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north wales today , and snow was also reported to have fallen
lafayette crossed the atlantic on the original hermione in 1780 to tell his friend george washington , commander of the american insurgents against british imperial rule . the replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the french river charente on saturday to the military shipyards of rochefort .
london 's julie falconer showcases the english capital in all of its glory . adventure photographer joe greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the pacific northwest . the actress ' social network reads more like a top travel blog than a diary of a hollywood starlet .
the video was apparently filmed by a supporter ahead of arsenal 's fa cup semi-final win over reading . the footage appears to show a homophobic chant - singing along to lily allen song smile - being aimed at cole , who left arsenal to join london rivals chelsea in 2006 .
the hobart international airport website has been shut down after it was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical islamist group isis . police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement about 5.30 am on sunday . an excerpt of the message supporting isis which was left on the hobart airport website .
paula mckay , from leyland , was told her daughter natasha had suffered brain damage and would be left disabled after errors were made by medics at the former sharoe green hospital in preston . when she became pregnant with her second child , she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated . she was delivered 10 weeks prematurely by c-section , but staff failed to ventilate her properly , which caused severe brain damage .
researchers at the hebrew university of jerusalem in israel studied the cephlopods movement . they found that the orientation of the creature 's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain . when a female swims by , the male argonaut sends his penis off to swim to the female and mate with her . in fact , the penis is a ball of sperm in a tentacle called a hectocotylus and females can be fertilised by
islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in kwajafa in borno state . told locals they were there to teach islam . once a crowd had gathered around the men , the jihadis opened fire using handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses that were filled with unsuspecting families .
in the third part of our major good health series on dementia , we look at ways to minimise the impact of these memory problems , to prolong independence . people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep - but they still need just as much . things that sabotage your memory . getting overtired : if the brain is tired , it affects the memory even for those without dementia .
becky watts , 16 , vanished from her father 's family home in bristol on february 19 . her body parts were found at a house in barton hill , bristol , on march 2 . her mother tani watts said she fears coming face-to-face with anjie galsworthy . she said : ` she made you feel alive . everyone loved her . knowing it 's happened , it 'd like you are talking about someone else 's kid ' .
mangu ram was 14 when he fled to kashmir as a refugee . the 82-year-old is still regarded as a second class citizen in india . ram lives a slum house within india 's only muslim-majority state . his rulers have refused to give the west pakistan refugees .
sarah harper was in a relationship with christopher lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013 . he was born in melbourne , australia , but was in the united states on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old chancey allen luna allegedly murdered him . harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him , claiming only a ` miracle ' would have saved the sportsman .
niamh geaney , 26 , and karen branigan , 29 , are n't the only pair to have found their real-life doppelgngers , either by mistake or after a social media hunt . just last month , retired priest neil richardson , 69 , moved to braintree in essex to be confronted with his ` twin stranger ' .
warning : graphic content . vet nick fisher , 31 , from leintwardine , shropshire , said twiglet was behaving strangely . hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils . after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably , shaking and walking into walls he seems to be back to normal following his ` trip ' .
alex gray , 27 , admitted he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits . included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day , but it was n't until an obese friend ` unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette ' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life .
lib dem leader tells children he was better at languages and art when he was at school . he will use tomorrow 's manifesto to promise a ` stronger economy and fairer society ' . accuses tories of wanting to embark on unnecessarily deep cuts . he has set out plans for # 5billion in new tax rises , # 7billion raised from tax avoidance .
former pm made an appearance at a low-key private fundraising dinner for 15 labour target seats . but despite the fact that blair has a record of three general election victories , only one shadow cabinet minister could be bothered to attend . during a dinner held in an indian banquet hall in morden , blair name-checked ed miliband only once , devoting his speech instead to his own achievements .
cui hongfang , from heilongjiang province in north-eastern china , hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after she collided with the 38-year-old canadian woman . police have ruled the tragedy an accident , although they are still investigating the circumstances of the chinese woman 's death .
the six-month-old foal was dumped on the side of a busy road outside southampton , emaciated and riddled with worms . he was shivering pitifully in the january chill and clinging to life by a thread . despite what he has endured , rupert is a loving , affectionate soul who likes nothing more than to have the back of his head rubbed .
naomi jacobs had transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the ` episodic ' part of her memory . the last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl , dreaming about a boy she had a crush on . she thought it was 1992 , john major was prime minister and she was about to sit her gcses . mobile phones were still the size of a house brick , the internet a mystery - and
philippines voiced alarm about chinese ` aggressiveness ' in the area as it launched the balikatan 2015 joint philippines and us military exercises . the aerial images show intense recent chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the spratly archipelago of the flashpoint south china sea .
sarah 's ordeal was played out on tv after she agreed to appear on the jeremy kyle show to undergo a dna test . the 23-year-old mother burst into tears when the presenter revealed phil , who appeared on the itv show , was not in fact her real father .
the actor 's enduring sex appeal may have been boosted by his aftershave , eau sauvage , which contained a potent chemical known as hedione . now scientists have revealed how this chemical activates the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women .
elizabeth jane howard , a former model who became the second wife of lucky jim novelist kingsley amis in 1965 , adored historic jewellery . the nine lots , which will go under the hammer at bonhams auction house in london on thursday , include rings , bracelets , pendants and earrings .
the pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units - valued at $ 284.5 m - at the end of the year . it won him the top spot on the annual bloomberg pay index . slumping to second place , chenerie energy 's houston-based chief executive charif souki was valued at . $ 281 million .
a man was pictured holding handlebars of the bike while three children straddled petrol tank in front of him and a girl sat on the seat behind him . comes just weeks after a similar pictured emerged of a family of seven riding on the same motorbike though the city of junin in argentina 's eastern province of buenos aires .
justin d. smith , 18 , and efrain diaz , 20 , appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of jonathan krueger . smith is also charged with tampering with evidence , reports the lexington herald-leader .
the picture was captured in kanagawa prefecture , japan - ` nearby some samurai tombs ' , apparently late last year . a friend of the photographer insisted it was ` not photoshopped ' and that paranormal forces could be at work . there is chatter online about what the cause of this apparent black boot apparition is .
melanie and vanessa iris roy decided to each carry a child one year apart . they took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies , recording when their first child , a son jax , was born followed by their daughter ero , a year later . the couple then uploaded the images to instagram and they quickly went viral .
kevin o'connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter , crystal , to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law . the law , which has since been revised , sparked a boycott of indiana . a crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $ 842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours .
barcelona-based booking platform allows users to organise stays of three , six and 12 hours . app allows user to select area and then start to work in other cities such as berlin and paris . company has signed up include h10 waterloo , kingsway hall hotel , yotel heathrow and gatwick , crowne plaza london .
john helinski , 62 , spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of tampa bay . but when a cop and case manger looked into his past , they found a previously lost bank account with money and enough social security benefits to buy his own house . he then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter , but struggled because all of his personal identification had been stolen .
philip cattan , 65 , seen to fall asleep during rape trial of john quingley . judge was confronted with claim that he had slept through part of cross-examination . girl giving evidence was first of two young girls expected to testify . the cost of the abandoned trial and the retrial is believed to have cost taxpayer # 10,000 .
author alice dreger took to twitter to express her horror at what she heard at east lansing high school , in michigan , when she sat in on a lesson earlier this week . she began furiously tweeting out the contents of the lesson . stories included people who lost all their friends when they became pregnant , people who fell into comas for 11 years after taking drugs and high school dropouts .
michelle knight , who appeared at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday , refuses to be considered a victim . she said her healing process has been ` to overcome and flourish and rise above ' standing ovation . knight received a rapturous applause as she came on stage to give a speech .
according to canadian duo mitchell moffit and greg brown , from toronto , are a strong example of a large celebrity family where the siblings share very different personality traits . on asapscience on youtube , the pair discuss how being the first , middle , youngest , or an only child affects us .
the global wi-fi symbol has one dot and three curved lines radiating from it . shi chao , a student at the hunan university of science and technology , saw the cloud perfectly mimick the global symbol for wifi - on his way from to the library around 7pm last friday .
a kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other while trying to gain mastery of the box so they could lay eggs and rear their young in safety . despite the owl 's cuddly reputation , it came out the victor , forcing the owl to seek an alternative home for itself and its mate .
a new study shows the condition suffered by the duchess of cambridge during both her pregnancies triples the risk of developmental problems compared with women who have normal nausea and vomiting . about 10,000 women a year in the uk are affected by the debilitating hyperemesis gravidarum -lrb- hg -rrb- a severe form of morning sickness which causes constant vomiting , crippling weakness and dehydration .
kyliei wilfson , now 29 , was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis in october 2012 . she had to postpone her wedding as she spent more and more time in hospitals . within months she had dropped to 80lbs , she revealed to cosmopolitan.com . the north carolina resident found herself looking at a lifetime spent on a feeding tube , as the disease , which effects less than .01 per cent of people , would only get worse .
asabi barner , 37 , is suing harlem tattoo parlor in harlem , new york city for a chest tattoo that left her scarred . the owner and artists star in their own reality show , black ink crew , which has had three seasons . but the next day she was still in pain and then noticed that the tattoo started to puss and ooze in the area around her left breast .
veronica ` roni ' gonzalez was returning from engagement party when they stopped on interstate 30 to help a group in trouble . of the 13 people injured , one later died in hospital from their wounds . veronica and ely 's sister , who has not been identified , were both killed in the horrific accident which involved eight to ten vehicles .
the cougar , known as p-22 , has made his home in the crawlspace under the house in the hilly los feliz neighborhood . workers discovered the big cat on monday at noon , as they were trying to install a security system . ten hours later , despite animal welfare officers using a prod , and even firing tennis balls and bean bags at it .
diane james , ukip 's justice spokesman , applauded putin 's nationalist credentials . argued he was forced into invading ukraine because of european union . nigel farage sparked a row last year when he praised putin as a ` brilliant operator ' . mrs james said : ` he is putting russia first ' .
surveys find that men in u.s. special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs . they fear the pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units . some of those concerns were not limited to men , researchers found .
the eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for netflix customers internationally . filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet 's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests . this photo provided by netflix and wwf-international shows an aerial view of hardy reef , home to the heart reef , in the great barrier reef , australia , an area which will be included in the net
pictures taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show landmarks almost devoid of visitors . quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day beijing , which is one of the most populous cities in the world . the extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the temple of heaven .
over the past week , thousands of silver fish have died and have been scooped out of rodrigo de freitas lake , but city authorities and biologists have argued about the cause . more than 37 tons of fish have been collected , according to rio 's waste management company , but there is still an overwhelming stench .
flakka , which can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana , is usually made from the chemical alpha-pvp . that 's the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone , the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts . flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell .
photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public , drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles . some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the stars and stripes - something previously unthinkable in a country where the conservative religious and political leadership still regularly leads chants of ` death to america ' .
andrs iniesta posted on twitter to spread the news that his vineyard can be rented out . it 's a snip of a price to tread paths made by one of the beautiful game 's best players at $ 125 -lrb- # 90 -rrb- a night .
shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window . he can often be found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber . visitors have travelled from afar to give the dog a snack . when a customer rings the bell for service , he leaps to his feet .
michelle , 27 , has launched a stellar career since leaving the cobbled streets of weatherfield behind . the former coronation street star has been chanelling her passion for fashion into lipsy ranges for several seasons . she says her ultimate beauty secrets are simply drinking lots of water and always taking her make-up off before bed .
a young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by bega cheese boss maurice van ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence . the wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child .
esa 's rosetta spacecraft has captured stunning images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67p churyumov-gerasimenko . the jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface , causing an explosion of material . but it is unusual , because so far such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night , like this .
four-month-old roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north carolina taking some of his first steps . footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes . the rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees .
the street art appears to be a dig at a group of clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the democratic politician . last month , the new york times ' amy chozick brought attention to the efforts made by the name of ` hrc super volunteers ' .
police say the driver of a van who struck and killed a 2-year-old has been shot dead at the scene of the accident - possibly in revenge . the child ran into the street in a residential neighborhood on the 4600 block of north 48th street in milwaukee . police say the teen was not a passenger in the van .
a current reddit thread is testing users resolve to do just this by placing a clickable button next to a 60-second timer . when the timer is clicked , the timer resets and it is not yet known what happens when the clock reaches zero . more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button since the california firm launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day . this colour represents the time period at which they clicked the button , ranging from zero to
lt col richard ` dick ' cole , 99 , gave the medal to the museum 's director in a ceremony at the museum attended by military and political officials . the medal , awarded by congress earlier in the week , arrived in a ceremonial b-25 flight . cole was mission leader and james ` jimmy ' doolittle 's co-pilot for the bomber 's attack that stunned japan and lifted american spirits less than five months after the attack on pearl
david potchen , 53 , robbed a bank in merrillville , indiana , last june . he has a job as a welder and is staying out of trouble after receiving help from family members that had long been estranged . he had told a lake county judge earlier this year that he attempted to rob a local chase bank so that he could get placed back in custody , where he had served 12 and a half years in prison .
helen flanagan , 24 , looked uncharacteristically demure as she stepped out recently in a floral midi dress . some pregnant women will choose comfort over style , realising that it 's a time when their bodies are changing drastically . danielle lloyd , 31 , is another star who modified her wardrobe for the pregnancy of her third child in 2013 .
robert charles bates shot and killed eric courtney harris as the younger man was trying to buy drugs and a gun from deputies posing as dealers in the parking lot of a dollar store . harris , 44 , was being restrained by one of the undercover police officers when bates , who was monitoring from afar , ran up ` trying to get the situation under control ' .
the macabre theory has been outlined by detectives investigating the killing of david king . his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of pierres , south-west of caen , and an unnamed 28-year-old frenchman has been charged with his murder .
group of yobs on board jet2 flight from glasgow to alicante last friday . witnesses said group drank heavily , abused fellow passengers and airline staff . plane waited on runway while officers dealt with the situation . mobile phone footage shows a female passenger arguing and grappling with group of men .
dale cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved to a secure psychiatric hospital . the 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in hmp manchester , formerly strangeways . but in a desperate attempt to get himself moved cregan , who was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 , has apparently stopped eating .
anna broom , of gillingham , in kent , has not worked since the age of 19 . she has claimed more than # 100,000 in benefits and wants # 10,000 to fund dream ` traditional english wedding and party in a castle ' . she says tying the knot would boost her fragile confidence and encourage her to try and find a job again .
anna and indi jones have been surfing since they were 10 weeks old . the four-legged dogs use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable . the dogs have n't won a competition yet , but their owners are hoping they can top their best result to date - a runners-up medal for indi .
ruslan bazarov , 28 , suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg when the truck overtook him on the st petersburg ring road . the second cyclist does not have any time to react to his friend 's accident and is knocked to the ground after careering into the stricken bicycle .
the nation 's cats , dogs and pigs show a marked preference for programmes featuring other animals while shunning reality shows such as the keeping up with the kardashians and towie . almost two thirds of goldfish owners , 63 per cent , even confess to putting the tank in sight of the tv so their fish can watch it for more than three and a half hours a day .
james may has been forced to backtrack for suggesting top gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to sue perkins should ` kill themselves ' . perkins , who became a favourite to replace the ousted jeremy clarkson after a flurry of bets , recently announced she was leaving twitter as a result of the abuse .
a third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in england are overweight or obese , leading to fears that today 's generation will be the first to die at an earlier age than their parents . the finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription .
the 13th century castle in the dordogne , france has just been placed on the market for # 703,400 . the 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour . the castle is in gignic , and near the town of brives la gaillarde .
doug hughes flew 80 miles undetected and under radar from gettysburg , pennsylvania to the lawn of the us capitol on wednesday . reacting to latest embarrassing security lapse at the white house and capitol , johnson pleaded for calm and resisted calls for sweeping changes . he said the secret service passed along the information from that interview to ` all of the appropriate law enforcement agencies ' .
around 50 obese pupils at jianxin primary school , in eastern china , are put through their paces by instructors every day after school to help them lose weight . the kung fu panda classes were set up after a survey showed that 5 per cent of its 858 students were obese , with one 11-year-old pupil weighing in at 180lbs .
the future king , 32 , became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary paye employee when he became a pilot for east anglian air ambulance . according to kensington palace , he plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby , just like he did when his son , prince george , was born in 2013 .
the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be . investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled ` healthy ' - brimming with fiber , protein and antioxidants . but upon closer inspection , it was found that ` none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims ' .
brian leary of the united states secret service - the federal agency in charge of protecting the president - said the unnamed person was in custody in washington dc and charges were pending . he added that the intruder , whose gender or age has not been released , had been ` immediately ' apprehended by officers in the uniformed division of the secret service .
reddit users find boston bombers , 22 , hurled false accusations at spectators who had been wearing backpacks at the high-profile event . their claims led to 22-year-old sunil tripathi , a brown university student who was missing , being wrongly identified as the bomber . now , chris ryves has told of his regrets about the thread , which he says nearly became ` its own beast ' .
labour has previously confidently predicted coalition 's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar , and the number of poor students going to university fall . but in each case , the opposite has happened - and last night the party 's leader was challenged over whether this called into question the judgment of him and his team .
the global tour of the motoring show looked like it faced the axe following clarkson 's hotel fracas with a producer over a steak dinner . the corporation and the presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows . but he has agreed to keep quiet on his sacking so the shows can go ahead , meaning fans who have already booked tickets will not be disappointed .
asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , and four children were caught on cctv boarding a cross-channel ferry from dover earlier this month . thames valley police believed they arrived in calais , france , before travelling south down through europe in a bid to flee to syria . but turkish official claimed today the couple had been arrested in ankara and are currently in custody with their four children - daughter zoha , seven , and
bmw group 's answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its mini model see pop-up virtual displays for directions and other features . the augmented vision goggles will go on show at the auto shanghai show and generate ` screens ' showing information that only the wearer can see . for example , the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads , as well as showing speed limits and even point out local landmarks .
neil killham made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination immortalised on friends 16 years ago . it features sponge , jam , custard , lamb , peas , onions , whipped cream and is garnished with sprinkles . the trifle combination did not look quite as appetising once it had been sliced into .
patrick and valerie jubb are trying to sell the four-bedroom property in jimena de la frontera , in southern spain . the jubbs bought the bed and breakfast in 2008 and closed it a year ago as they moved forward with plans to sell it . they said they obtained a certificate that stated there were no infractions when they bought the estate .
the son of the late attorney general is currently trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory . at a screening of the documentary trace amounts , the nephew of president john f kennedy spoke out against a proposed bill in california . the documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal and autism .
us ambassador mark lippert said if north korea improves its human rights record and takes steps to end its nuclear program , it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world . the north 's committee for the peaceful reunification of korea said the remarks were proof that washington was intent on hostility .
kym ackerman saw the son of god in an x-ray of one her left-side molars . she went for a dental check-up in flagstaff , arizona on march 25 . the 32-year-old said the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist .
the number of allergy sufferers is soaring and almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a potentially fatal reaction . a poll of more than 2,000 adults to mark allergy awareness week reveals that over two thirds would not know how to help if they saw someone suffering an allergic reaction .
tom moffatt , 27 , from ashton-under-lyne in tameside , greater manchester , was meant to ink ` riley ' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm . instead of the letter ` l' , mr moffsatt started needling the letter p - and had to urgently ` scribble ' over the mistake . he also attempted to mark himself with riley , but ended up scratching ` sony boy '
the 42-year-old was clearly dresses for spring for her visit to the science museum , cosmocaixa . the mother-of-two stepped out in a striking white tailored suit with complementary nude accessories . she kept her accessories neutral , opting for a pair of patent nude platform heels and a purse woven from fabric of varying nude shades .
demetri nelson , 27 , still had his victim 's keys in his pocket when he was arrested tuesday , several hours after the kidnapping attempt . deputies said nelson broke into a 53-year-old woman 's home and told her to take him to a manning avenue home where the victim lives .
hamdi ulukaya was once a turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the u.s. food industry . his american-born ex , dr. ayse giray , sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $ 500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality .
lian marshall , 10 , and taylor biggin , five , lost their eight-year-old brother harvey last year to a mystery illness . when easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to sheffield children 's hospital where he was cared for . kind strangers began to send eggs and now there are more than 1,000 .
sally jones , 45 , ran away from her home in chatham , kent , to wage jihad with her toyboy husband in raqqa , syria , the terror group 's de facto capital . video shows mother-of-two leading members of the al-khanssaa brigade - the all-women contingent set up by isis - in a series of chants expressing the fighters ' commitment to jihad .
mitzi neyens , 77 , was successfully matched with a philadelphia man after turning to the national kidney registry 's paired exchange program -- her only option since her age barred her from receiving a deceased donor 's organ . when she received the kidney march 26 , the operation completed a nationwide chain that linked strangers from san diego to boston who have loved ones in need .
the 101 in southampton docks will be its home port for the summer season . the world 's third-largest joint ship , owned by royal caribbean , is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer . passengers with a head for heights will also be able to take a ride in a transparent capsule for amazing ocean views .
alaa abdullah esayed , from south london , uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year . some of the messages she posted between june 1 2013 and may 14 2014 . her tweets also included a poem ` mother of the martyr ' . she could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences .
the blob in the ocean was discovered last year , with temperatures one to four degrees celsius -lrb- two to seven degrees fahrenheit -rrb- above surrounding ` normal ' water . and the blob has now extended about 1,000 miles offshore , from mexico up to alaska , and could herald a warmer summer for some regions . it has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere . and a new university of washington study says it could be responsible for
robert kushner , 32 , is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing . he told jurors tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $ 81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest .
al qaida fighters clashed briefly with members of one of yemen 's largest brigades outside mukalla , a city the militants overran earlier this month . they chant slogans as they hold up their weapons during a demonstration against an arms embargo imposed by the u.n. security council on houthi leaders .
manuel delisle , the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw , has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on tuesday . karine cyr recorded the confrontation as she was vacationing with her husband alexandre hermenier and their two children . after the video was posted at 7pm on sunday night to facebook it has been shared over 30,000 times .
andre cole , 52 , became the third convicted killer put to death this year in missouri . his fate was sealed after the u.s. supreme court turned down several appeals , including one claiming cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution . he declined to order a last meal and received the day 's inmate tray meal of a turkey and bologna sandwich , a cookie and fruit punch .
former medical student reveals how ` blood was still running ' as he cut through body . surgeon removed corneas from 2,000 people while they were still alive . details revealed in sbs dateline documentary human harvest : china 's organ trafficking which charted an eight year investigation in to what is said to be a multi-billion pound ` organs-on-demand ' transplant programme .
new zealand photographer amos chapple travelled the world with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone . since restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world , due to privacy concerns , commercial rights and worries about damage to property or crashes in the air .
david king , 70 , and originally from east london , had not been seen for six months . he retired there from his job as an engineer in britain some 15 years ago . on october 27 , he went to tea with friends living close to his home . in the coming hours we will try to learn more about what caused the death .
the pair attended a launch event for popular magazine at siren studios in hollywood , california , on tuesday night . winnie harlow , 19 , who suffers from vitiligo , the same rare skin condition that singer michael jackson was diagnosed with . the pair were snapped holding hands while making their way into the venue .
jon stewart announced he is leaving the daily show two months after announcing that he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news . he said he was looking forward to not having to watch the ` relentless ' 24-hour news networks anymore . ` watching these channels all day is incredibly depressing , ' stewart said .
medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies , children and pregnant women . it comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old riley who died after contracting whooping cough . his parents catherine and greg are now leading a campaign urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease .
dr john parker was taken to westmead hospital in sydney 's west for treatment about midday on saturday . the humanitarian doctor had been working at an australian-run ebola treatment clinic in sierra leone since november last year . nsw health has confirmed dr parker does not have ebola and that no further testing for the virus is required at this stage .
ukip leader called on conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats . he dropped his demand that the tories ditch mr cameron before any post election deal . in a direct appeal to tory voters , mr farage said he believed many were in ` their hearts ' closer to his position of wanting an eu referendum as soon as possible without any attempted re-negotiation .
becky handley , 20 , discovered her father raymond handley 's grisly crimes . he was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at birmingham crown court . his daughter , who was kept from seeing him as a child , has disowned him and vowed to change her name via deed poll .
rihanna headed out to eat at a restaurant in santa monica this weekend . she was most likely paying a nod to the latest trend - ditching the bra . in the past , the luxurious italian eaterie would have probably raised eyebrows at the bajan star 's attire .
the action-packed photographs were captured by roger byng , 67 , on the wetlands surrounding the severn estuary in slimbridge , gloucester . mr byng was in a hide ` with the intention of photographing small british birds , such as bullfinches , long-tailed tits and wrens as part of a relaxing day 's photography .
nathan priestley , 21 , from norwich , norfolk , was once dubbed ` jabba the hutt ' by bullies and became depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year . after a year , he started using weights to tone his slimmed-down figure , and was so successful he landed himself a job as a personal trainer .
judge olu stevens was sentencing gregory wallace to five years ' probation after he and his accomplice robbed tommy and jordan gray 's louisville home in april 2013 . police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple 's three-year-old before making off with $ 1,100 in cash , a cell phone , wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple . in victim impact statement 's prepared for the sentencing
heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental , and ultimately physical , health . study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with stage b heart failure . stage b is where patients have developed structural heart disease - they may , for example , have had a heart attack that damaged the heart .
hillary rodham clinton took aim at republicans on monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the u.s. state department in exchange for speaking fees and donations to her family foundation . ` hopefully we 'll get on to the issues , ' she told reporters in the liberal new hampshire bastion of keene .
palaeontologists say the four feet -lrb- 1.2 metres -rrb- tall bird is the most complete skeletons of a ` terror bird ' - a group of flightless prehistoric meat-eating birds - to be discovered . the south american bird has been named llallawavis scagliai . they say that while it had a terrifying apperance , its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today .
the pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism . if successful , the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide . microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at specialisterne . the announcement was made on the company 's official blog by mary ellen smith , corporate vice president of worldwide operations .
michael smagon , the new york-based inventor of the i 'm up alarm , said : ` we all hit the snooze , toss and turn , and fall back asleep . then we do the morning dash because we lose those coveted morning minutes ' . the alarm is set to go off at a certain time the night before and will make a noise until the qr code is scanned .
dr toni jill bertolet plunged 140 ft to her death shortly before their 12th wedding anniversary while hiking with henthorn in rocky mountain national park , colorado . first wife , lynn rishell , was crushed to death under the front of the vehicle for a lug nut while changing a flat tire at night on an isolated highway near the couple 's colorado home . now , newly filed documents have revealed that he is fighting for a $ 1.5 million pay out from the
three more political parties have backed the mail on sunday 's campaign to add first aid to the curriculum . charities last night welcomed the move to create a new generation of lifesavers , saying it could prevent hundreds of deaths every year . previously , only the liberal democrats had promised to add the crucial lessons to the school curriculum .
uno , just three weeks old , and louie , a full-grown dog , were together at home in spokane , washington , earlier this month . the clip begins with one of the pogue family , who recently adopted uno , tentatively holding him before the two pets are introduced .
william smith wanted to remind himself of his mother alison overton . the teenager from grimsby died in august last year , just four months after seeing his mother succumb to the disease . the 14-year-old had ` settled back in well ' at school after returning to school .
a vigilante group has taken to the streets of brisbane spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of campervans . the group failed to remove ` sexist ' paintings from their vans including the slogan , ` in every princess , there 's a little sl * t who wants to try it just once ' . over 120,000 australians signed the petition to remove the slogans within six months . wicked pickets , a community action group , decided to take justice into their own
mario valencia took a rifle from a walmart in tuscon , arizona on february 19 . he was able to start firing it as soon as he left , something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons . this after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case , who did as instructed and immediately notified authorities .
the duchess of cambridge is a modern-day suffragette who has done more to advance the cause of women than anyone else in recent years . or so says actress patsy kensit , 47 , made the comments in an interview with this week 's stylist magazine .
there are now 1.02 million men in the uk who have opted to work reduced hours , compared to a 28 per cent fall in the number of stay-at-home mothers . men now make up one in 10 parents who care for their children or family full-time . but recruitment experts said the rise in part-time male workers also signalled an increase in pre-tirement .
john potter , from savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog . he then passed on the image on to the georgia historical society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship 's history even though it was never authenticated .
the two famous wrestlers , balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene , competed in the crunch match dubbed ` le choc ' at demba diop stadium in dakar . after a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun , the burly sene emerged victorious victorious .
more than 100,000 people on the coast of the pacific northwest are in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 . it calculated that 94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states . also in danger are 486 public venues , 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a ` significant customer presence ' .
the countess of wessex and princess beatrice joined the queen at windsor for an easter sunday service . sophie , 50 , wife of prince edward , wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large , dark plumes , while beatrice , 26 , the elder daughter of the duke of york and sarah ferguson opted for an unusual blue creation .
police identified 25 people who claim the labour peer attacked them and each could claim for up to # 100,000 . one man , allegedly attacked by janner when he was living in a children 's homes between 1981 and 1988 , has already instructed lawyers to sue him and leicestershire county council for damages .
qantas have been told they could loose thier eight heathrow landing strips after continuously arriving late to the busy airport . the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac . fairfax published an internal memo sent by captain martin gardiner , manager of base operations at sydney , that details the airlines
bryan morseman , 29 , started his streak at the montgomery marathon in alabama on march 14 . he ran the tobacco road marathon in cary , north carolina , the next morning because it was one the way home to new york . a week later he placed first at the yeungling shamrock marathon in virginia beach .
former prime minister said he has ` done british ' and is now more interested in working at a ` global level ' . claimed the money he generates pays for the ` infrastructure ' around him . said : ' i could not do what i do unless i was also able to generate income ' .
cairns man , 32 , decided to give cannabis oil to his daughter who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma . despite his claims that it improved her condition , the father , who can not be named for legal reasons , was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor . now he has spoken out in the hope he can persuade the government to rethink their cannabis laws and drop the charges against him .
shackleford , 28 , lana kington , 25 , madison lloyd , 27 , were interviewed by ellen de generes on tuesday . shackleford wrote a list of ' 100 things i want to do before i die ' in her diary in 2011 . number five on the list was to ` be on ellen ' .
the obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $ 160,000 in itemized deductions , including $ 70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities . they also donated $ 5,000 to sidwell friends school , the exclusive private school where daughters malia and sasha are enrolled . obama received $ 51,167 from random house and $ 43,722 from dystel & goderich literary management .
melissa borg left her baulkham hills home in north-west sydney at 7:30 am on thursday in her school uniform and made her way to the hills sports high school in seven hills . however , the year 9 student never made it to class and after her father found no sign of her when he searched their house following work . castle hill police have been assisting melissa 's family with the investigation into her disappearance ever since .
alexandra harra , 28 , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics . she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships . she suddenly found it was n't her university education that people were interested in .
scientists at john hopkins medical school in baltimore identified the area of the brain that is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic . they found that people with damage to the right sagittal stratum - a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain . stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of their brain and struggle to recognise when family and friends are being sarcastic , according to new research .
marine le pen has blocked her father 's return to the party following accusations he was trying to sabotage her party 's efforts to move into the political mainstream . tensions escalated last week after the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history ' .
ted loveday managed to answer 10 starter questions in the last round of the bbc quiz show , helping gonville and caius college , cambridge defeat magdalen college , oxford . viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess but the law student has now admitted that he had help from unlikely sources .
 eyeko london launches bespoke mascara -lrb- # 28 -rrb- . customers can choose between dozens of brush shapes - from thick wands . mascaras , containing natural ingredients like conditioning shea butter and hydrating keratin , are created on site and then wrapped in monogrammed packaging to complete the personalised theme .
designer eason chow believes his new product could be the solution . involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar to create a revolutionary capsule with no waste created whatsoever . mr chow , 25 , from singapore , has also made a stackable coffee maker to use the capsules with .
ricky gervais has led an online charge against ` trophy hunters ' . the comedian came across the picture of american grandmother-of-nine rebecca francis , who won the reality tv show extreme huntress in 2010 . francis then found herself at the centre of a social media storm .
jane laut was arrested and charged in 2009 for the murder of her husband david laut . the charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on friday in a ventura county courtroom . prosecutors say laut shot dead her husband outside their california home the night of august 28 , 2009 .
senators voted 19-0 to give the white house some of , but not all of its asks , and left in a signature feature of the bill giving congress the authority to approve a final deal with iran . the house 's top vote counter on monday said lawmakers in the lower chamber would also take up the bill after their colleagues in the senate finished the voting process .
airbus a321 from baku , azerbaijan to london was forced to return back to where it had set out from just 11 minutes after a 9.20 pm local time departure on friday evening . there were reports at the time that the pilot had alerted ground staff of an engine fire .
candice-marie fox said she was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 . she underwent a course of radiation treatment to ` mop up ' the cancer in december . but when a return visit to the doctors revealed cancer cells had spread to other parts of her body , ms fox rejected conventional medical treatment in favour of a diet and lifestyle plan she discovered online .
cressida bonas , 26 , has been unveiled as mulberry 's new ambassador . shows off her modelling skills in new imagery released by british fashion giant . shot to fame as the pretty blonde on prince harry 's arm , but is keen to make a name for herself away from the royal limelight .
the sapling was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson , missouri on saturday as a dedication to the teenager . it was called ' a symbol of peace , comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches ' at a small ceremony led by the black caucus of the american library association . but by sunday morning , the branches had been stripped , leaving behind just a shard of the trunk .
claire nugent , 43 , and nigel morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years . they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b&b . when nigel and i met as students in 1993 we soon discovered we both absolutely loved the 1940s .
millie-belle diamond , who is 14 months old , has a staggering 115,000 instagram followers . the proud owner of louis vuitton and chanel purses and pint-sized burberry jackets , has become a money-making social media celebrity after her mother schye fox started posting cute photos of her online .
barcelona , from roman walls to the fantastical creations of gaudi . there 's enough art and culture to keep you busy for a decade of weekend breaks , plus cracking food , colourful markets and plenty of places to party all night long . barcelona must surely be a top contender for the best city break destination .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california greeting a baby boy named elliot with kisses . the baby boy does n't seem to mind the affectionate slobbering and he 's heard merrily gurgling away . after more than ten seconds , gemma shows no signs of moving on .
david zaslav was paid $ 156.1 million for his role as discovery communications ceo of discovery communications . this thanks to the success of television events like shark week , shows like the once popular here comes honey boo boo and his running of networks like own . discovery has also done well thanks to a large portion of that money comes from stocks .
little catalina from america was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home . when her father tells her to clean up her mess , she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing . the two then point back and forth at each other as the debate continues .
nikki kelly , 24 , from bridport , dorset , had no idea she was expecting . she kept her size 8 figure throughout pregnancy and had no cravings . baby james was born in ` three pushes ' and she and her partner have now made an offer on a house so they can all live together as a family .
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life . the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss .
the cocaine , valued by the coast guard at $ 424 million , was seized by u.s. and canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern pacific ocean near central and south america . it included a 10 1/2 - ton bust from a coastal freighter , the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009 .
a man tore a tendon in his thumb after playing candy crush on his phone . the 29-year-old , who lived in california , had been playing the game for six to eight weeks as he had just left the military and was in between jobs . doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb people 's pain and this might be why some people become addicted or become injured while playing .
adriana giogiosa , 55 , was reported missing after her brother could not contact her at the house in majadahonda , a suburb of madrid . the landlord of the house , a 32-year-old spanish man with a history of psychological problems , has been arrested .
sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' . multiple photos of mr besim on his social media pages show him posing with one raised index finger , a symbol that other isis supporters have also frequently used . haider was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife .
marie d'argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma , whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at the princeton complex on st kilda road in melbourne dropped suddenly on october 9 . the 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a ` loss of libido ' , ` sexual discomfort and impairment ' and ` curtailment of sexual adventurism ' .
geologists and media have flocked to the desolate mountain on the outskirts of urumqi , in xinjiang uyghur autonomous region in north-western china . the hole appeared recently after locals noticed the ground nearby getting warmer . the temperature has been measured at 792c -lrb- 1457f -rrb- from two metres away . experts ca n't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is .
the man posed as a member of the congregation of st james ' church in manchester to carry out the crime . as well as taking one bag , he tried to steal the contents of two other elderly women 's bags before fleeing . police have released an e-fit and cctv footage after a thief stole a pensioner 's handbag from a church .
scottish drink-drive law enacted on december 5 , the limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg . effect of drop in sales is so severe , it is being blamed for a poor result in the country 's latest bank of scotland pmi report .
aussies are planning to travel abroad between may and august . seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in europe . the number one choice is the ancient city of athens in greece . santiago , chile , colombo and sri lanka also suggest aussies .
kevin cooper and trewen kevern ` beat david alderson and left him to drown ' . police originally thought the 72-year-old victim had died as a result of falling from his bike because he was dressed in lycra at the time . but kevern , 22 and cooper , 34 , lured him to disused mine at wheal maid near carharrack in devon and killed him in january last year .
alinea , run by the talented grant achatz has retained its crown as the best restaurant in the world , the annual poll by luxury magazine elite traveler revealed . the eatery , which is chicago 's only three-michelin-starred restaurant , is the brainchild of culinary prodigy .
jordan spieth , 21 , penned the letter six years ago when he was still in high school in dallas , the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition . in the thank you note , spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program , reports the dallas morning news .
paul bramley , 28 , died when andreas lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside . but girlfriend anneli tiirik , 23 , said she did not blame the co-pilot for the death . she said she hoped airlines would bring in greater checks to prevent similar disasters in future .
the prime minister will call the tories ` the party of working people ' . he will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3 million families in housing association properties to buy their home . subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen at her workplace leeton high school in leeton , 550km west of sydney , at 11am on easter sunday . at 12.59 pm on sunday she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this saturday . ms scott 's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter , as they fear her disappearance has something to do with
air force jets blitzed compounds in gondodowe and ismail , both in the gedo region bordering kenya on sunday . cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll . kenyan elite troops were called in to aid in the pre-dawn massacre where 148 people were killed .
warning : graphic content . emergency doctor lin xikun knew exactly what he had to do when he walked in on nurse long yufang being threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man . the people 's daily online reported he immediately offered himself up as an alternate hostage - allowing long to go free .
peachtree city police chief william mccollom called 911 early new year 's day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife , margaret , as they slept in their suburban atlanta home . the shooting left margaret mccodom paralyzed below the waist . however , the prosecutor said he concluded the shooting could have been prevented .
many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster . femail called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed light on the classic mistakes women make and to share their vital tips for ensuring you 're getting the most from your skincare regime . do n't only use spf in boiling climates . wrong .
the image of barbie is the 96th result on the page , and ironically comes from a 2005 spoof article courtesy of the onion that jokingly states ` women do n't run companies ' . several high-powered women , including women 's right campaigner chelsea clinton , have re-tweeted the results of the search .
curt almond , 26 , from bristol , spent at least # 40 a week buying new calvin klein boxers . but after wiping out most of his savings , mr almond realised it was ` bankruptcy or boxers ' . he has now reverted back to normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over .
royston coates , who is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding , boasted about watching tv from prison and showed off his muscles in a string of pictures . also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons . it is the second such incident to emerge within two days .
the ` kick and kill ' strategy aims to eradicate the virus , by stimulating the immune system - with a vaccine . the injection could flush out dormant hiv hiding in white blood cells with a chemical ` kick ' . the theory , developed by researchers at university college london , is based on a single patient case study .
sandra malcolm 's body was found at her home in cape town , south africa . the 74-year-old had been planning to return to scotland next month . her nephew colin chalmers , of dundee , today said the murder had left the family ` distraught ' .
labour leader visited the gurdwara during a campaign tour of the midlands . but his team banned national media journalists from the event - despite fact that gurdwaras are traditionally open to all . worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of the labour leader .
new analysis of finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has declined . but finland only did so well before because of influence of traditional teacher-led methods . findings will add weight to arguments by michael gove that a return to traditional teacher teaching lessons are the way to raise standards in schools .
justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california . charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online . but following interviews , his charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' . on sunday he posted a message on facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be ` left out of this ' .
warning : graphic content . harrowing images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters . one of those distributing the sickening pictures is a man claiming to be a british militant fighting for the terror group who goes by the nom de guerre abu bakr al-britani .
the man , known only as chase , strides purposefully over to his girlfriend , who is wearing her uniform , and drops down on one knee . many women would probably beg their beau to move a more scenic location before getting the ring out , but the woman is clearly delighted , quickly saying ` yes ' .
kim kardashian and kanye west stayed at the 18th-century ballyfin . the five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool , which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms . it is the perfect place for a break from the stresses of the modern world .
the prime minister is n't the only politician guilty of causing kids to cringe . david cameron managed to thoroughly bore a schoolgirl while visiting a school in bolton on wednesday . but rather than engage with the children , ed was snapped awkwardly sipping tea from his cup as the girls watched him and rolled their eyes .
a quarter of australians have opted for solo living and 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men . this means that the women who live alone in the eastern suburbs are fast becoming more successful than their male counterparts . however , many feel as though they are still judged for their residential choice .
riddick bowe , of maryland , has found himself tweeting happy birthday messages and adverts for insurance firms for anyone who pays him $ 20 . the 46-year-old recently offered to ` tweet anything ' for people who credit him through paypal , sharing the messages with his 450,000 followers .
fraser ross caught up in a $ 1million legal wrangle after being accused of swearing at staff in a los angeles store . the tycoon is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship . kitson has shops in california and the far east .
hannah mcwhirter , 21 , of banff , aberdeenshire , engaged in the mnage a trois with co-worker dionne clark and her husband shaun in july 2013 . she even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself . but when mr clark told john lewis department store worker 's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped .
martina riccioni and her best friend antoinettia caffero , 21 , were involved in a horrific head-on collision when the car they were in veered into oncoming traffic as they drove home from margaret river . she was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident after suffering catastrophic injuries . on easter monday , her family in italy can not afford to bring her body home so have turned to crowdfunding out
keith anthony allen , 27 , of columbus pleaded not guilty monday to charges including rape , felonious assault and gross sexual imposition . he is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since september and fondling a third girl . allen has been in the franklin county jail since his arrest on march 25 .
john young , 66 , and his new wife elaine , 54 , were sat in the front room of their home in oldham when thugs began pelting his front window with stones . when one brick smashed the glass , mr young went and opened his front door to remonstrate with the attackers only to be struck in his left eye . doctors were unable to save his eyesight meaning he is now blind in one eye .
russian warship and two bombers strayed close to uk territory yesterday . destroyer equipped with missiles , anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered english channel . forced uk to send heavily-armed frigate to monitor vessels . just a few hours later , two russian long-range bear bombers .
the incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year . witnesses reported seeing the front wheel of her bike ` completely squashed ' . front wheel was trapped under the lorry and the bike was under the front left wheel . metropolitan police said officers were called by paramedics at 9.33 am .
the robshaws sample insects in tonight 's final episode of bbc two 's back for dinner . the experiment , filmed for a six-part tv programme , ended with the family feeling extremely grateful for the variety of foods available today . two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects .
the north charleston police officer ca n't be executed for shooting walter scott in the back because the killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined ` aggravating circumstances ' . it comes as evidence against slager continues to mount , the latest of which is dash cam footage of him discharging a taser into a black man 's back filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit .
maarij khan and his mother mushammat set to be removed from home in newcastle . home office turned down their bid to remain in the uk after visa expired . now 3,500 people have signed petition to allow schoolboy and mother to stay . saffat died of meningitis after fight against aggressive form of cancer .
 dating from 1250 , the black book of carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in welsh . using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software , the images were recovered . the book is a collection of 9th-12th century poetry along both religious and secular lines .
police in manchester have issued a warning to parents over the game . the child 's details have not been released but a greater manchester police spokesman said the child is believed to have had underlying health problems . the prank involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child until they black out from lack of oxygen .
the enfield haunting , real london estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house , where they were subject to terrifying pranks . installed with secret cameras , microphones and booby traps , the unsuspecting estate agents are subject to cruel , but hilarious , pranks prompt hysterical reactions . once the scene is set , the funny pranks begin , and a shelf collapses randomly behind the estate agents .
shocking footage has been released by police of a brawl involving more than 70 teenagers . the violent conflict was captured by queensland police helicopter . police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight . police said that upon arrival , about 70 teenagers were involved in the violent brawl .
the billionaire wife of former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge 's ruling this week that stiviano must return $ 2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts . the 80-year-old had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $ 1.8 million house , luxury cars and stocks . but shelly insisted on wednesday she did n't take them to court over the money .
manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth for guests at no extra cost . graphic artist zach yonzon runs the cafe with his wife and uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces . the tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer , which he dips in dark chocolate .
the contraceptive is made with hydrogel , a strong and flexible solid . it can be made to feel and act like human tissue . the groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-laundering . the team won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013 , giving them access to us$ 100,000 to use on research .
officials from 215 local , state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons , drugs and cash at the addresses . some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink - many believed to be tied to gangs . the greatest activity took place in the san juan , dallas , el paso , los angeles and detroit .
list price of bentleys ranges from # 136,250 to # 224,700 , according to survey . thousands of cars aged three to eight were assessed on failure rate , age , mileage and cost of repairs . most reliable models were honda jazz and mitsubishi lancer while the least reliable was the audi rs6 .
jackson byrnes , 18 , has flown from lismore in northern new south wales to sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo . the only surgeon in australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see jackson paralysed . on monday morning they reached the target on their gofundme page , but jackson 's mother says the family needs an additional $ 45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees .
jack henry doshay , 22 , appeared in court for the first time on friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping , false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty . noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect 's parents , karen and glenndoshay . he is a minority owner of the san diego padres and a former investment manager who focuses on charitable causes with his wife .
 coronation street star samia ghadie and boyfriend sylvain longchambon took a selfie in new york . there were hundreds of people visiting the memorial at the time but everybody was quiet and extremely respectful . the service was fantastic when we checked in the concierge desk wanted to know if they could help us to make bookings for shows or restaurants .
raghunandan yandamuri , 29 , had served as his own lawyer before being convicted of murder , accused the attorneys of not responding to his calls or letters . he said monday in montgomery county court if his appeal keeps going the same way he would rather be executed immediately . the indian national was given two death sentences in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old saanvi venna and 61-year-old satayrathi venna .
bol manyang , one , his sister hanger and her twin brother madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at st andrew 's church in werribee on saturday morning . their mother akon guode and father joseph tito manyang sat in the church 's front row , alongside older sister awel , 5 , who survived the horrifying crash on april 8 . sudanese afl footballer majak daw arrived at the church and signed
the famous tiger temple just outside of bangkok has been forced to shut due to keeping the animals without permits . wat pa luangta bua yanasampanno has been told that their 147 tigers must be handed over to the department of national parks , wildlife and plant conservation by friday or they will be seized .
dave roberts , who is in the running to become the mayor of middlesbrough , followed in his great-great-uncle daniel mcallister 's footsteps by leaping off the transporter bridge over the river tees . but instead of falling to his death like his relative did more than 100 years ago , mr roberting survived the jump which he carried out for a children 's charity .
ian harris , 51 , from brighton , east sussex , is a member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster whose followers regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment . he is challenging the dvla over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo , which he says is equivalent to muslim women being pictured in hijabs .
figures suggest around 1,000 ios apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from afnetworking . this includes uber , microsoft 's onedrive and movies by flixster . the flaw was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers simone bovi and mauro gentile .
the tv personality - with the maiden name depandi at the time - cuddled up to the stand by me actor on the red carpet at the maxim magazine hot 100 party in las vegas back in june 2004 . the other woman : also in attendance at the event was actress rebecca romijn .
foodie fidos will be treated to a five-course drinks-paired set menu at the curious canine kitchen in shoreditch , london . the doggie fine diner is the first of its kind in britain to serve high-end , freshly prepared , organic canine cuisine . this ticketed charity event is the brainchild of event organiser and spiritual dog trainer natty mason .
the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45 pm at 13th street and seventh avenue in manhattan . as crews scrambled to stem the flow and get to the bottom of the leak , unamused new yorkers whipped out cell phones to capture the rare sight of an underground deluge on video .
dr. fredric brandt was found hanged inside his coconut grove home by his friend , john joseph hupert , at around 9.15 am on easter sunday morning . the last time he had seen brandt alive was around 11.30 pm on saturday . she also revealed she had him on daily medication and was seeing him everyday for therapy sessions .
carlos toro , 66 , worked as a mid-level member of the medellin cartel in the 1980s when a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from colombia fearing for his life . toro came to the united states and eventually began working for the dea as an informant after providing information about a number of his former bosses and associates .
ted koran , 59 , phoned the veterans suicide hotline but all he got was a recorded message . he said he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time and the only reason he decided not to kill himself on saturday was to care for the 60 rescue animals he and his wife had looked after together . koran 's experience highlights the increasing problems the va is facing with its veterans crisis hotline as it fights depression among ex-servicemen . first set up in 2007
rebecca adlington , 26 , has been one of her toughest roles of her life so far . in an interview in the sunday mirror the gold medal winning athlete says the extra pounds she gained in the early stages of her pregnancy were hard to deal with , especially as she did n't even look pregnant .
sutherland shire council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach . many locals have already had a negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets . this motion was proposed by councillor steve simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring to the area .
christine carriage , 67 , hoarded 1,300 items of stolen clothing in her bungalow . officers raided her one-bedroom home in bowthorpe , norwich , on november 4 , 2013 . she was handed a six-month suspended sentence at norwich crown court .
mother-of-three farhina touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents . in pakistan , polio has been on the rise since the taliban declared the vaccine to be a ` western conspiracy ' .
police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child 's mother . on nov. 11 , 2014 , the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in farmingdale , new jersey . now , more than five months later , authorities have released the sketch along with photos of evidence as they continue to investigate the baby 's death .
father-of-one szilveszter , 24 , feared he would never be able to have more children after the diy procedure left him unable to have sex . but nine months later , his penis was swollen , painful and bleeding . he went to his gp and saw other doctors but all told him there was nothing they could do .
tori hester , 25 , from san diego , california , was diving off the coast of mexico when the huge school of fish began circling above her . husband jeff , 26 , was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera . in 1995 , a marine park was established by residents to tackle the problem of overfishing .
manhattan may be known for its luxurious accommodations and expensive fifth avenue boutiques , but believe it or not . it is possible to visit the big apple and stick to a budget . for those who prefer to stay south of 42nd street , the union square farmer 's market , open on weekend mornings .
sean crawford , from carterton , new zealand , said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on . he decided he wanted to add a more ` natural ' layer to his work . while some religious folk have taken issue with the fact mr crawford is ` manipulating the animal ' by using animal parts in his work , he maintains that he 's only used parts that would have otherwise gone to waste
the image was captured over jaibru in australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon ` looping lightning ' . upwards lightning is possible , but is very rare - with current estimates suggesting less than one per cent of lightning travels in an ` upwards ' direction . storm chaser dan robinson believes ` looped lightning ' is simply a trick of perspective .
jurors have started deliberations in the case against pedro hernandez . etan patz ` is larger than his very little , important life , ' assistant district attorney joan illuzzi-orbon said in closing arguments at the manhattan murder trial . she asked jurors to convict hernander of murder , saying he was a calculated killer who committed a terrible crime and then spent three decades trying to hide from it .
the louisiana-raised singer is scheduled to raise money with a hartford , connecticut show on july 17 for the sandy hook promise group . anti-gun control commenters have said that mcgraw risks losing his career the same way female country trio the dixie chicks never bounced back from criticizing president george w bush .
caitlin kellie-jones suffered from hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy minutes after she was born . she was placed in a cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth to keep her at the target temperature of 33.5 degrees for 72 hours . her parents , nicola and paul , are hoping it will not have affected her ability to walk and talk but they must wait to find out .
the men , who were taking part in a royal navy ice-hockey team tour of nova scotia , allegedly attacked a 21-year-old local woman . the assault was reported to police by the woman immediately afterwards . the alleged victim , who is a civilian , was taken to hospital and examined by sexual assault nurses .
brooke geherman , from alberta , canada , posted a video of her young son , kowen , sending off his beloved pet the right way : by flushing it down the toilet . she asks her son : ` who 's top ? ' . the goldfish circles the bowl and disappears from sight .
54 per cent of women admit one of the best things about being single is getting to go home and go straight to bed without being bothered . yet for aussie blokes , 29 per cent say the variety of sexual partners is what floats their boat - surprise , surprise ! single life : according to a new study .
hadas from eritrea , africa , talks about her experience of being circumcised . says she does n't blame her mother for taking her to have procedure when she was just a baby . hadas , who now lives in the uk , had ` the cut ' in eriticio , where circumcision for girls is widely practiced .
the video taken in the forecourt of the sunoco gas station on north 5th street in philadelphia shows five people , including two children , storming out of a minivan and attacking the helpless 51-year-old . one of the group takes out mace as the man is brought to the ground . they then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless .
david lammy , who is standing for london mayor , said snp could ` do business with ' . admission comes amid stark warnings from tories that snp will hold labour to ` ransom ' if it holds balance of power in parliament next month . polls suggest nicola sturgeon 's party are on course to win up to 50 seats .
the biggest ice cover on north america 's great lakes in decades is backing up important shipping deliveries with 18 freighters currently wedged in the ice . they are carrying a variety of goods from canadian grain to us iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks . the icebreaker was participating in an effort to free eight freighters from heavy ice .
the alborz destroyer and bushehr support vessel sailed from bandar abbas to the gulf of aden today with military bosses claiming the move is designed to protect iranian shipping from piracy . comes as saudi arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the iran-allied houthi movement which has taken most of yemen and forced president abd-rabbu mansour hadi to flee to riyadh .
yassir ali , 29 , was stopped by traffic police in birmingham at 3.45 pm on february 22 after officers suspected the silver bmw 1 series may have been stolen . the dashcam footage shows the car pulling over to the wrong side of the road and a man get out of the passenger seat . after a few seconds , the squad car forces its way past the man and follows the chase . ali flew through several junctions , ignoring red lights and pulling onto the wrong
jonathan crombie died of a brain hemorrhage , aged 48 . the actor is best known for his role as gilbert blythe in the canadian television drama film anne of green gables and two sequels . he was discovered at 17 when he was performing in a high-school production of the wizard of oz .
an 11-year-old boy was on holiday in burnham-on-sea with his family from manchester when he walked across the mudflats . seemingly unaware of the low tide , he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft . he was unhurt in the incident , and was seen leaving the beach smiling .
tamara pacskowska posed as 76-year-old georgina bagnall-oakley at meetings with estate agents and solicitors in november last year . she took daughter-in-law monika brzezinska , 34 , along with her on the visits to help her translate .
the nephew of president john f kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccines . on monday , following a storm of criticism , he publicly retracted his statement . he said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families .
a woman mocked after she purchased a camera that allowed her to watch her cats from work is getting the last laugh . on monday afternoon , the new york city woman , who is not being named , watched in terror as a man crawled through a window . unfortunately for the thief , the entire thing was caught on camera .
the 18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to lord uxbridge . he lost his leg to a cannonball after realising he was gravely wounded . his leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a macabre tourist attraction . the top has a finely embossed coat of arms with a similar border .
crystal o'connor , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding . she responded to the now staggering $ 850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying : ` god has blessed us for standing up for what we believe , and not denying him ' . demonstrators gather outside the city county building on march 30 , 2015 in indianapolis .
in 1992 , a drug enforcement agency operation which has since been discontinued , monitored every telephone call made from the united states to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking . usa today uncovered the details of the program , whose vastness was not known until now , and whose practices , especially in gathering bulk information , later became a model for the national security agency .
michelle heale of tom 's river , new jersey , has been found guilty of aggravated manslaughter and child endangerment but acquitted of murder . she claimed she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce in august 2012 . but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards , killing the boy . when the verdict was read out , the 46-year-old sobbed uncontrollably and told her lawyer over-and-over again :
harvey weinsten was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper outside his new york city townhouse on thursday . georgina chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming spring/summer 2016 bridal collection for her much beloved fashion brand marchesa . she even had a little helper joining her in the design room .
the 24-year-old model was british vogue 's february 2015 cover star . the model was scouted at sunglasses counter of primark in hammersmith . she walked for the likes of balmain , fashion for relief and topshop unique . now she has revealed she was severely bullied at school .
mario balotelli receives the most abuse and chelsea the greatest volume of discriminatory messages on social media . sportsmail can reveal the shocking , acidic culture of discrimination -- mainly based on race , gender or sexual orientation -- aimed at premier league football clubs . football 's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with tempero and brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online .
body of 10-year-old barway edwin collins was found on saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scout troop - about ten feet from the river 's edge in brooklyn center . crystal police chief stephanie revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy 's father , pierre collins , 33 , was in that area at the time the boy disappeared . however , she did not elaborate on the nature of that evidence . the boy '
new web app takes users on an interactive , immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of the inner workings of abbey road . it shows sound engineers and producers working as they look into studio 1 . classical music legend sir edward elgar opened the studios on 12th november 1931 . a video of him leading the london symphony orchestra in a rendition of land of hope and glory can be seen in studio 1 in 1967 .
alison saunders was a barrister in the same chambers as the son of lord janner . the cps confirmed director of public prosecutions consulted neil moore . mrs saunders made the decision not to prosecute on her own , and that mr moore had acted properly at all times .
david rylance , 47 , blew the cash on gambling , a holiday and cinema tickets . when pensioner realised her money appeared to be going missing from her bank account , her concerns were put down to her having alzheimer 's disease . in reality her son had been slowly siphoning the money away , spending it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs .
 faiz ikramulla , 35 , was arrested and charged on thursday with aggravated kidnapping . the little girl is believed to be named aliya . the child was found by a passer-by wandering near milwaukee avenue and palatine road in prospect heights , illinois around 6:30 pm tuesday .
judy eddingfield , 65 , celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead 's restaurant in kansas city last week and declares that it 's the only job she 's ever had or ever wanted . the dedicated waitress says she remembers when french fries and a classic coca-cola cost just 65 cents .
the sprawling house , built on the site of an old telephone exchange in chelsea , west london , has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in england and wales . the stamp duty alone , paid on top of the price of the home , is enough for the treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses . the transaction means it is one of the most expensive homes to ever sell in the uk .
lib dem leader 's wife said party 's mps ` deserve ' to be re-elected in may . she hit campaign trail on her own today as mr clegg said she ` just wanted to do her bit ' for the party . she is expected to campaign for several women candidates in the run up to the general election on may 7 .
the 13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill and had told classmates of his plans as recent as last week . the teenager reportedly walked into the school armed with a machete and crossbow around 9.15 am this morning , killing a male teacher and injuring two students and two teachers .
royal dutch shell plc filed a complaint in federal court in alaska seeking an order to remove greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil . rig in the pacific ocean bound for the arctic on monday in a . protest against arctic drilling . the group said in a statement its team would occupy the underside of the main deck of the polar pioneer , which is under contract to shell .
the national park service and the secret service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes . the spikes will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence -- as tall as 10 feet -- is planned and fabricated . the white house might also get a prison-style double fence with space in between , but barbed wire has been ruled out .
common dolphins were once a rare sight in the hebrides , preferring warmer waters found further south . experts believe global warming has led to pods moving north . monitoring by hebridean whale and dolphin trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years . the dolphins come to hebriding in spring to take advantage of seasonal food stocks .
the note was spotted by twitter user plattsieplattattieplatts . she posted it to her social media account writing : ` so this is the notice i saw today in the window of our local fish and chip shop . i kid thee not ' . in it , the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family .
breathing in second-hand cigarette smoke has been shown to increase the risk of cancer in humans . now , researchers have shown that passive smoking affects plants too , which can take up nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke . the finding may explain why some spices , herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them .
daniel filmus , argentina 's secretary of state for the islands , told event in london that britain 's decision to increase military spending in the south atlantic was ` gunboat diplomacy ' . mr filmus said military conflict ` belongs to the past ' and claimed : ` the united kingdom can count onargentina as an ally ' .
prosecutors in seattle have brought charges in five cases where hash oil operations blew up , including at one apartment complex where an 87-year-old former mayor of bellevue died . people make hash oil at home for the same reasons they make beer , wine or booze -- to save money .
hattie gladwell was fitted with an ostomy bag after under-going surgery for ulcerative colitis . the 19-year-old was admitted to hospital on january 26th of this year but had long suffered from problems with her health after an inflammatory bowel condition was misdiagnosed . after two failed colonoscopies , my appendix out and excruciating pain , i finally had emergency surgery for my stoma .
the rare mammal has been making waves at the taiji whale museum in southern japan . while bottlenose dolphins are typically grey , the mammal is completely white . the phenomenon results from the animals thin skin , which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state . essentially , they blush in the same way as humans .
charliscraftykitchen , 8 , from australia , makes an estimated $ 127,000 per month from the ad revenue generated from her youtube channel . the mini-martha stewart , who is known as charli , has turned her popular channel into youtube 's largest food channel in less than three years .
andreas lubitz , 27 , crashed the airbus a320 passenger jet into the alps changing the aircraft 's altitude to 100 feet using the autopilot . investigators have been scouring his computers to determine whether the killer ` spiked ' his captain 's drink to force him into the toilet .
xie hong feng was found dead after falling down an empty elevator shaft . her neighbour and property manager yang shao told police the 45-year-old had been pushed by her toddler son , the people 's daily online reported . there is no cctv evidence of the accident .
australian tv presenter , model and mother of two , sophie falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the kardashians began instagramming it . while khloe kards recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new , slim figure .
the former baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the maricopa county jail on wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet . arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $ 200,000 per year . the jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now .
lucy , the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found , still has a few secrets to reveal . discovered in 1974 , the 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in the afar region of ethiopia . now , a new look at the ancient hominin 's skeleton suggests one of the vertebrae bones may belong to a baboon .
the modular robotic vehicle was developed at nasa 's johnson space center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets . the buggy has no mechanical linkages to the propulsion , steering , or brake actuators , the driver of an mrv relies completely on control inputs being converted to electrical signals .
the small creatures are easily blown to the shores of oregon , california and washington during strong winds this time of year . they are covering beaches including seaside , manzanita , astoria and rockaway beach . experts say there are more than usual this year after strong winds blew the jellyfish-like creatures onto the shore .
janet brown was found naked , gagged with packing tape with her arms . mrs brown 's two daughters roxanne , 38 , and zara , 43 , described their hother as a ` kind and loving nurse ' claiming the horror of the crime ` stays with us every day ' .
the air defense directed energy on-the-move program , commonly referred to as gbad , allowing controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target . once drones are spotted , it can them shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser . the system will be able to spot and track drones , then shoot them .
matthew weathers , a teacher at biola university in la mirada , california , often posts videos of himself tricking his class . the amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room . acting inconspicuously , mr weathers announced to his class that if they have any trouble with some of the things he has gone over in the lesson , they can look up the answers in one of his many helpful videos .
susan pease gadoua has suggested that a renewable marriage contract would work better for many modern day couples and avoid increasing divorces . in her new book , the new i do , which was co-written with vicki larson , she claims that the traditional marriage model in our modern-day culture ` sets up too many people for failure ' .
the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california . a video obtained by tmz appears to show bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area . they showed they had proper wristbands , but were told by bouncers that the area was at capacity .
the miniature chocolate amphibians , which weighed a plump 20g two years ago , will now weigh just 12g . the shrinking of one of australia 's most popular children 's chocolates was not widely announced but was spotted by a shop owner who stocks the treats . in february , chocolate lovers expressed their anger after cadbury announced plans to reduce the size of their family blocks by ` one row ' in a cost cutting deal .
the 22-year-old , who attended the 30th annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on saturday in cleveland , ohio , had given her razor a night off . some users leapt to her defence , with el adding : ` why do people even care that miley cyrus has armpit hair ? like wow imagine that , a human with hair ! how gross ! ' .
jamie silvonek , the eighth-grader accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial , a prosecutor said . defense attorney john waldron had filed a petition to have 14-year-old jamie silvdonek returned to the juvenile facility where she was sent the day after the body of cheryl silv onek was discovered last month .
$ 45.2 billion proposal to merge with time warner cable inc. , bloomberg business reports . citing people familiar with the matter , attorneys investigating the proposal are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers and they may submit their review against the merger as early as next week . the final decision will be made by senior officials .
the national rifle association gathered on saturday to condemn barack obama and hillary clinton as ` elitists ' . ceo wayne lapierre celebrated the republican majority in the u.s. senate as evidence of the group 's political clout . but he urged members to stand up against looming gun-control efforts .
sasha , 14 , was spotted listening to earbuds as she , sister malia and their parents ditched the white house for an impromptu trip to great falls park in virginia on sunday . the unscheduled trip came after the president sent reporters home for the day , sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where president obama and the first family had gone .
dr usually deployed to major disaster zones was sent in to a hospital 's under-pressure a&e department . it came as west midlands ambulance service demanded action following delays in treatment . comes as weekly national figures from nhs england showed it has missed the four-hour waiting time target for the 28th consecutive week .
paddy power tweeted : ` newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american male ' . she said : ` how dare you make the execution of black men in america the butt of your jokes ' . another quipped : ` what 's funny ? black people being killed ? explain yourself ' .
swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition , looking at whether there was any family conflict , a change of family structure , interventions from social services or unemployment . 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes . the majority of people have type 2 diabetes , which is associated with being overweight , but more than 95 % of cases of diabetes in children are type 1 .
the 1963 demolition of the old beaux arts-style pennsylvania station was demolished in 1918 as the city moved to widen the street next to it . the law was signed by mayor robert wagner on april 19 , 1965 , and upheld by the supreme court in 1978 following a campaign led by jacqueline kennedy onassis .
ann malsbury , 22 , battered lee judson , 21 , with a saucepan and hair straighteners . chef 's ex-boyfriend had gone round to collect his belongings . but when mr judson bent down to pick up something , he jumped on his back and wrapped a white ipod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him . after he struggled free he then armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with the blade .
alex lyman , a spokesman for the greeley fire department , says firefighters were called to the site shortly after 1 p.m. they are working with ngl energy partners , the company that owns the site , but had to wait for the explosion risk to subside . nearby homes were evacuated , but no injuries were reported .
the redhead takes the celebrity world by storm . from hollywood starlets and musical sex symbols to a certain member of the royal family , according to copper-locked actor damian lewis . if their rouge colouring is au naturel or straight out of a packet , we 're loving the fiery-haired stars flying the flag for gingers everywhere .
little zane gbangbola died at home in the middle of the night after being poisoned by gas . for months after his death , police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a landfill site . but now the mail on sunday can reveal the damning evidence that proves the authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing zane had leaked into the family 's home .
stuart addison was serving on hmas stirling off the coast of western australia when he took his own life . he hanged himself while he was on-shore leave in 2011 and his father , mark addison , was faced with the tough decision to turn off his son 's life support after several days in hospital . stuart 's sister jessica ames said there was a drug culture within the australian navy .
daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend alex. the pair had been driving along a route together . but the final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person . but sadly his elaborate set-up did not quite go to plan after alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on .
liu siying was pictured grimacing as lewis hamilton sprayed champagne . the british formula 1 racer drew criticism from around the world . he aimed the fizz directly as the face of 23-year-old grid girl . but the shanghai institute of visual art graduate said she did n't think much about the incident and was n't annoyed .
duncan burton , 57 , was released in november 2012 after 14-years behind bars but was allowed to work for uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs . burton served 14 years of an 18 year sentence for trying to distribute five kilos or more of cocaine according to the us bureau of prisons .
two-year-old libby jane wilson was enjoying a day out with her father alex knight at the yarrow valley country park in chorley , lancashire on sunday afternoon . toddler had been playing in a tunnel when the jack russell - which was not on a lead despite signs saying pets should be under control - attacked her and left her with two puncture marks on her face .
luiz antonio from brazil presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi . but instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with english subtitles detailing his train of thought . his mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses ` little legs chopped ' .
nasa 's landsat 7 satellite is straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles -lrb- 160km -rrb- . this image shows ` ribbons ' of sand and patterned stripes in an area known as the erg chech , a desolate sand sea in southwestern algeria .
the tunnel was wired with lights , ventilation and what appears to be a cart system by the gang of drugs runners . officials said the route had not yet crossed the border and only stretched some 500 feet . but officials believe if it had been left undiscovered it would have surfaced somewhere just inside u.s. territory .
julie robert , a cultural studies professor at the university of technology sydney , said it was ` problematic ' that the prime minister , who she believes should be advocating against binge drinking , thought it acceptable to ` showcase his masculinity ' by skolling a beer . mr abbott came under fire after the incident as anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking .
brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer . mr clark spent his # 50,000 life savings on contributing to his care . now , the council want to move him from the house he has lived in for the past 50 years into a care home because they claim it is cheaper .
evelin mezei , a 12-year-old hungarian national , was spotted with the man at around 10.30 pm yesterday , an hour after she was last seen by her mother in east london . but the youngster , who came to the uk six months ago , was traced this morning .
shane dunn , 25 , carried out the attack after going back to ian garrod 's home in medway for sex in september last year . but when the 55-year-old sat on the bed , dunn was ` cool as a cucumber ' . callous attacker even pretended to call an ambulance for his victim , but instead left him for dead with a 6cm-deep wound . he was caught after police examined two cigarette butts found in mr gar
a group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of ` multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate ' . last week 12 christians from ghana and nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the mediterranean sea . survivors from the boat , made up of 105 migrants from diverse religions and ethnicities , have now claimed the men tried to throw other christians off the side of the vessel .
labour leader read from motivational notes during the leaders ' televised debate . reveals he had planned a number of put-downs he used on david cameron . reveals plans to ` stay calm , never agitated ' and ` relish the chance to show who i am ' . says he wants viewers to ` use their vote as a weapon to fight for the nhs ' .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on tuesday when he was seen sleeping in daytona beach , florida . he was arrested without incident when volusia county beach patrol officers found the suspect sleeping on the beach , which is a violation of a local ordinance . the arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into wayne county community college in goldsboro , where he had previously studied , and shot dead
jade ruthven , 33 , of perth , western australia , was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter addison on facebook . the typos and punctuation became more intense and frequent . the author claims the rant was written on behalf of everyone who views jade 's facebook posts .
sarah and her husband james crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former us president ronald reagan in 1981 . the brady campaign and center to prevent gun violence , named in their honor , said they were ` heartbroken ' at the news of her death .
jondrew lachaux , from las vegas , is married to the teenager 's mother 38-year-old kellie phillips . they have six children together while the teen is from another relationship . the teen ran out of food and began to suffer from malnutrition along with her baby and her three-year old sister .
the four sisters at the centre of australia 's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children . despite being embroiled in the very public and traumatic feud where the vinceni girls were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother 's home in the middle of the night . 60 minutes reporter tara brown interviewed the two eldest girls , emily and claire , who she described as elegant , gracious , reserved and studious , at their home near florence
robert bates is free on $ 25,000 bail and is charged with second-degree manslaughter for the death of eric harris on april 2 . sheriff stanley glanz and bates ' own legal team have repeatedly produced records which they claim he was an ` advanced reserve ' and had undergone 480 hours training .
the inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places have been claimed by noel gallagher , 47 . gallagher can also claim the most successful album of the last 20 years on the format , with oasis 's 1995 offering -lrb- what 's the story -rrb- morning glory ? perhaps proof that good music is timeless , classic releases by led zeppelin , pink floyd and david bowie have all landed among the current top tens .
kamron taylor was caught in south side , chicago , with loaded gun . police received a tip off describing a man with the name ` gertrude ' tattooed to his neck . he is being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over to the kankakee county sheriff 's office .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization . he pleaded not guilty to the charges friday in a columbus . he had posted material on social media promoting symbols of the islamic state militant group .
max verschuuren , 21 , was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on his way to a felled deer in the te urewera forest , north island , on saturday night when his mate blasted his back open . grisly photographs snapped in hospital show the gaping , bloody wound it left .
major general james post iii , who was vice commander of air combat command , found his words to 300 airmen at nellis air force base may have had a ` chilling effect ' on some of them . the incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the a-10 , low-flying , tank-killer aircraft .
the first print ad shows images of various female american apparel employees , who are identified by their first names and their start date at the company in small print below their pictures . the ad has the words ` hello ladies ' emblazoned across the page and appeared in the latest issue of vice .
bonnie doll is australia 's answer to lara croft in the gaming world . the brisbane gamer known only as bonnie doll starts up her xbox and goes on a killing spree with followers of her live stream . she has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform twitch .
alan barnes , 67 , was left too scared to return to his home in gateshead , tyne and wear earlier this year after he was knocked to the ground by mugger richard gatiss . the crime shocked britain and led to a fund being set up by local beautician katie cutler , 21 , which raised # 330,000 .
cameron hooker , 61 , was given 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap , torture and rape of colleen stan . the case made international headlines and stan was known as ` the girl in the box ' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity . in an attempt to reduce its prison population , california has recently introduced the elderly parole program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than
figures show that while millions still tune in , they listen for much shorter bursts . the average listener spent just ten hours a week listening to bbc radio . this was 14 % down on a decade earlier when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours an week . the minutes of the bbc trust 's february meeting , revealed that director general tony hall highlighted the fall .
footage shows the s300 rocket barely managing to take off before it starts plummeting back down to earth . a small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as the weapon makes a feeble attempt to launch at the military base in an unknown part of russia . second otr-21 tochka missile was successfully launched a few seconds later from the wreckage .
the veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on monday when he made the off-colour gag . letterman had just opened up questions to the floor and fielded the first query of the night from a college employee . they asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give to this year 's graduates . but the joke received a frosty reception from the shocked crowd .
sylvia freedman was enjoying a family trip away at avoca beach in the central coast , about 95kms north of sydney . she filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water 's edge . ms freedman and her family were forced to leave the holiday house after their power went out on tuesday .
roman ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class . the senior communications major was actually completing project , in which he had to violate a societal norm . but that did n't stop his unknowing peers from relishing in his outrageous act .
mikki nicholson , who was a national scrabble champion , stepped in front of a train , on november 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse in carlisle , cumbria . the 36-year-old had planned a move to newcastle , where she had hoped people would be more accepting . but she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing .
australian dietician and nutritionist susie burrell agrees with the research that points to white bread and processed carbohydrates as contributors for weight gain . experts warn that shunning an entire food group is unsustainable , can damage one 's relationship with food and could be doing more harm than good .
chase culpepper , 17 , who was born male but now identifies as female , was told to remove make-up for her license photo last year . the state dmv is changing its policy on how male and female license applicants may dress or wear makeup in their official photos . agency employees will also get training on how to handle transgender customers and people who do n't identify with either gender .
the two most high-profile conservatives joined forces to question legitimacy of snp 's plan to try to put ed miliband in downing street , even if labour wins fewer seats at the general election . the london mayor claimed it would mean ` truckfuls of taxpayers ' dosh growling up the m1 to scotland ' .
duchess of cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing . as kate and william prepare to welcome their second child , there 's no doubt that the royal couple 's favoured childrenswear brands are hoping to cash in on the arrival .
general martin dempsey , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , sent a letter saying he regretted that he ` added to the grief ' of debbie lee , whose son marc was killed in ramadi in august 2006 . dempsey was awarded purple heart and silver star for his bravery .
the 120 dairy workers can tuck into a fine-dining meal for as little as # 2 . menu includes wye valley asparagus , soft poached quail egg , confit of tomato and deep fried polenta . most of the vegetables and fruit are grown by a community farm five miles away .
the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover of a dominican woman in her late 30s . she invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in brooklyn . the apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to new york authorities about loud sex .
ericmias ghermay , 34 , is thought to have made # 72m with his accomplice mered medhanie from smuggling migrants in the last two years . one of them was heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships , a problem that causes them to capsize .
william hague will launch english document , which follows traditional scottish , welsh and northern irish manifestos . centrepiece will be pledge to introduce system of ` english votes for english laws ' . mr hague expected to warn england risks being ` held to ransom ' by snp .
kristina karo claims she was a classmate of ms kunis , 31 , who moved to the u.s. from ukraine in 1991 , and that the pair were ` inseparable ' growing up . the reason for the lawsuit 25 years after the ` theft ' is that moving to la .
madison avery crotty , from san diego , is seen crying until her doting dad decides to try out his impersonation . in a new video posted online , the wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as thomas ` buddy ' starts his deep breathing technique .
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone enjoyed a bottle of wine during their first night at their new apartment in astoria , queens , on last night 's episode of the fyi reality show . the newlyweds later headed to their bedroom leaving viewers to wonder whether they finally ` consummated their marriage ' .
sacha whitehead , 26 , received donations after posting a call to action on facebook saying she would pick up the much-needed items and drive them into sydney cbd . the dee why-based financial adviser spent the night with her sister lexi handing the generous contributions out to the homeless during what 's been hailed as the storm of a century .
patrick jones of buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign . in response to a question about how catcalling makes women feel ` horrible ' . one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public . the man , who is wearing sunglasses and a t-shirt with a logo of what appears to be the playboy bunny with a marijuana leaf for ears .
joseph oberhansley , from jeffersonville , indiana , is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old tammy jo harbin blanton last september . on tuesday , clark county prosecutor jeremy mull asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on may 4 .
an fbi affidavit reveals that a chinese translator was accused of sharing government information with an alleged spy . in the affidavit , timothy s. pappa , an fbi agent , claims that xiaoming gao was paid ` thousands of dollars to provide information on u.s. persons and a u.n. government employee ' .
elijah mckenna suffered two wide , bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body . the boy 's family say if it were not for elijah 's fearless 9-year-old sister , alyssa , the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead .
amber anderson , 27 , has since been relieved of her duties at christian life academy in baton rouge . she was booked into prison on tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile . anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during july and august of 2013 .
dozens of people who visited the cooden beach hotel came down with vomiting , diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug . a sign posted on the door of the hotel warns visitors about an ` airborne virus ' at the premises . owner james kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff .
alice liveing , from gerrards cross , buckinghamshire , began her healthy journey just over a year ago . she has a secret weapon that most food bloggers do n't have - when people are n't obsessing over her recipes , they 're checking out her rock-hard abs .
last month some of the biggest names in music joined jay z for the launch of his premium music streaming service tidal . but despite all the pomp and circumstance , the app is now floundering at the lower ends of the ios app store chart . at the time of writing the $ 9.95-a-month -lrb- # 9.99 -rrb- service ranked at 872 on the overall download chart and 51 in the music category in the us .
tracey cox says that gwyneth and chris ' amicable split is refreshing and something we can learn from . how to stay friends with an ex . there are lessons to be learnt from the couple on how to split amicably - and how to stayed friends with a ex . no matter how acrimonious the split or how little you now have in common .
designer abigail ahern describes the colours used by kelly wearstler in her malibu beachhouse as ` the most beautiful and complex i 've ever seen ' . her message to anyone looking to transform their home is to ditch the beige , stop procrastinating and be bold with colour .
scientists have found a system of priming the body 's immune system to recognise , attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung , skin and bowel tumours . they carried out the research found early trials ` profoundly retarded ' tumour growth in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent .
karen buckley , 24 , went missing on a night out in glasgow on april 16 . she was studying occupational therapy at caledonian university . friends of miss buckley have said she had only a few drinks before leaving a club . judge nigel cadbury implied miss buckly had been drinking heavily on the night of her death .
amanda berry and gina dejesus recalled the years of rapes , torture and psychological games at the hands of ariel castro , a man who lived close to their homes in ohio . the brave survivors have written a book , hope : a memoir of survival in cleveland , which will be released on april 27 .
doris fuller 's daughter natalie , 28 , suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis , and died when she stepped in front of a train in baltimore , maryland , last month . in the wake of her death , fuller has written about how her illness , which went undiagnosed until her early 20s , and said she was ` the bravest person i have ever known ' .
pm , who had just done a viewer call-in on itv 's this morning , made comment . host phillip schofield moved on to the next item , mr cameron said . co-host amanda holden burst out laughing at the comment as the programme went to ads .
the department store , which stocks top end australian labels including alex perry , toni maticevski , lisa ho as well as international labels balmain , dkny and alexander mcqueen . the move by myer comes at a time when there is a greater need than ever to bridge the gap between online and overseas retailer pricing .
sir , east lake courts is not your hood , it 's the citizens of the united states who own that because they work and pay taxes , you do n't own that . ` it makes me upset because there are people that live in east lake court who get up and go to work every day , ' she told wrcb-tv .
the drone was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle . it was found to contain traces of a radioactive substance . it is not known who flew the drone onto the building but it is widely suspected it was someone protesting against the country 's nuclear policy . people in japan have become increasingly wary about the number of nuclear power plants in the country .
the prime minister 's wife was campaigning with conservative candidate alec shelbrooke in elmet and rothwell . she visited the growing zone allotment garden project for adults and children with special needs . she was introduced to various activities by june perkin , who founded the scheme seven years ago after getting disillusioned by aimless families .
courtney brain , 16 , was taken out of school at skegness academy . she visited her gp for treatment for a water infection in the seaside town . but her mother jane burnham criticised the ` mind-boggling ' decision . school put this figure at 91 per cent and accused academy of being ` petty and unreasonable ' .
researchers at the university of reading say chewing gum helps you forget a song . in a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing gum . and they were a third less likely . to ` hear ' it when gum , volunteers reported thinking of the song less often than when they were told to tap their finger instead . and chewing gum also reduced the amount they ` heard ' the song in their minds by a third .
mail online travel reveals the best - and most bizarre things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport . if spas , business lounges and oyster bars are not your thing , how about spending your layover wielding a bow and arrow ? turkey hunting season begins in april and ends at the end of may .
james oatway took chilling images of emmanuel sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in alexandra township near johannesburg on saturday . pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world , with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent his death . responding to criticism , he said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country .
the oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a ` benjamin cole ' of georgia was the relative dropped from the pbs show about his family history . the admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth . he said : ` lots of people have been asking who the guy was ' .
the move echoes that of sony pictures entertainment and mgm , who recently made headlines after leaked emails revealed the mexican government had offered the studios $ 20m to ensure a positive portrayal of the country in spectre . the use of public funds in what appears to be an extreme case of product placement has been criticised by south koreans .
royal caribbean 's newest cruise ship , the anthem of the seas , will become its permanent home and allow it to regularly sail from cape liberty cruise port to bermuda . the ship , which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers , has been given somewhat of a refurbishment .
lian doyle agreed to hide the trainers worn by justin robertson . he had been paid # 1,500 by the son of the victim 's ex-lover . she was today sentenced to 10 months in prison , but was released immediately . she admitted disposing of her boyfriend 's shoes thinking he had worn them .
police seized three million knock-off condoms - thought to be worth nearly # 1.3 million . lubricating oil used on condoms at one production line in henan province . heavy metals are toxic metals such as mercury , lead and arsenic . but officials did not reveal exact metal traces found during tests .
mel greig , who once hit the headlines for her involvement in an infamous royal prank call , has started a personal crusade to help remove the stigma attached with ivf treatment . on wednesday , mel posted a blog post on her website titled ` are we embarrassed of ivf ? ' where she detailed how she was undergoing the treatment .
will hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as the broke backpacker . the 26-year-old has only once tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency - an endeavour that failed within six months . he can find in foreign lands and spending only $ 100 each week on all of his expenses .
huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels , shattered plates and cups , and left many on-board violently seasick as the boat pitched from side to side . the ship , carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew , docked at the overseas passenger terminal at around 10am . port in sydney reopened on wednesday morning , allowing the ship made its way through the harbour to dock .
the duke of edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his australian knighthood by the queen . the 93-year-old served in the royal navy throughout the second world war . he wore 17 medals and decorations when he visited ssafa charity headquarters in central london in november 2013 .
in total , six tigers , a bear , a lion , a cougar , a black leopard and a liger were taken from hetrick 's stony ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were ` unsafe ' . authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man in eastern ohio released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself .
the duchess of cambridge 's real due date is today or tomorrow . she said her second child is due ` mid to late april ' during a visit last month . kate , 33 , was touring stephen lawrence centre in deptford with prince william . but april 25 is widely thought to be the duke 's due date .
emergency workers surrounded the delta air lines plane at laguardia airport after an odor of smoke was reported by the crew . passengers were still on board as firefighters walked through the cabin with a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source . the plane was taken out of service for an inspection and any necessary maintenance .
jaime hessel said her driver had been on his phone , cut across lanes , and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute ` trip from hell ' . so she was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs .
marissa holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at up at fried chicken chain in channelview , texas . man armed with handgun and face concealed by red beanie ran into store and jumped counter , forcing holcomb to empty registers before making off with $ 400 . but she was given ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job .
director of public prosecutions alison saunders was encouraged by two aides to charge the labour peer with historic sex crimes . clare montgomery qc and child abuse expert eleanor laws qc , leading counsel to the investigation , offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute . mrs saunders decided that it was not in the public interest to put lord janner in the dock due to his advanced alzheimer 's .
loretta burroughs , 63 , sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband , danny , talked about the horror of losing him and finding out that she chopped up his body and took his remains with her when she moved . she was arrested in may 2013 for the murder and dismemberment of her husband .
karen reidy , 40 , thought she had found her soulmate when she met sakir candan , 12 years her junior , on holiday in marmaris in 2012 . but the hotel worker 's dream romance turned sour when she discovered on facebook that he had been cheating on her for several months . karen slimmed from a size 22 to a size 12 and showed off her new look during their relationship .
the statement nineties chop , made famous by jim carrey 's lloyd christmas in dumb and dumber , has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years . one chain of british barber shops has reported a whopping 200 per cent surge in requests for the almost universally unflattering cut .
the 18-year-old , who is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell gigi , stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the may issue of elle magazine . in one image , the dark-haired beauty poses in a sheer fleur du mal lace bodysuit , with her arms thrown casually above her head .
michael rule , 51 , receives $ 9,000 a month between salaries paid to him and his wife by rule enterprises , llc , . accused of forging his mother 's signature on her checks from march 2014 to february 2015 amounting to $ 103,628 . ann rule , 84 , is known for many of her crime books , notably the 1980 bestseller the stranger beside me .
aden gould , 21 , was banned from all 1,200 sainsbury 's stores across the country . he was seen testing speakers on sale in a branch of the supermarket . firm sent him an aggressive letter warning that staff would call the police if they ever catch him trying to enter the store 's .
pauline bruce 's neighbour yvonne ireland evans plagued her with silent calls , taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs . it 's not the quiet and peaceful life pensioners pauline and her late husband tony expected when they moved to a static home on a community park for over-50s in ludlow , shropshire .
james krainch was almost two-years-old when he toppled out of a second floor condo window and died . michelle newman visited her son 's grave with her other children and said they play games at his grave , flying kites and laughing . the screen was not strong enough to prevent him from tumbling to the ground .
shannon carter , 21 , repeatedly struck 20-year-old amelia gledhill with shoe . row broke out between friends on a night out in bradford , court heard . she is said to have been left traumatised by the incident and is still having problems with her eyesight .
moses yitzchok greenfeld , 19 , from stamford hill , london , had been swimming with four friends as temperatures reached 25c when he got into difficulty . witnesses said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend .
princess beatrice arrived in florence yesterday for a fashion conference . she has spent most of the past 24 hours partying with fashion 's biggest names . today , a businesslike beatrice was all ears as she listened to speakers . she was joined by boyfriend dave clark and viewed action from private box .
paul hellyer , who was a canadian minister from 1963 to 1967 , is now urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on ufos . ` much of the media wo n't touch -lsb- the documents -rsb- ' , he said during a keynote speech at the disclosure canada tour at the university of calgary . hellyer is the first high ranking politician to publicly state that aliens are real .
photographer nicolas locatelli , 20 , snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above briones regional park , in california on a nikon d7100 . the image was taken with a zoom lens on a stormy day so the clouds were in the distance and moving quickly so i got really lucky taking this picture .
robert butler , 43 , was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston . the operation took almost seven hours on sunday and involved the providence and cranston fire departments , lifespan . he has since gained another 300lbs .
arthur townsend , 92 , poured the product over a mercedes sprinter belonging to martin carter , 96 . the retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to mr carter 's address where he dumped the paint stripper on the van . townsend was arrested and charged with criminal damage .
the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old sapphyre johnson who is missing both of her feet . the puppy 's original owner karen riddle said that lt. dan , who was born with eight other puppies in a litter , could have been euthanized .
gayla neufeld , 52 , struggled to deal with her family 's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years . the happy couple , who live in manitoba , canada , are now using gayla 's 96-inch asset to launch her new career .
a japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash . the unnamed heartbroken girlfriend clearly knew how to hit her lying lover where it hurts , and dumped his imac , iphone , ipad and accessories in the bath tub . unfortunately on the one item of technology that was n't currently taking a long soak .
alondra luna nunez can be seen screaming and fighting with every ounce of her energy as she is dragged out of her school in guanajuato in central mexico last week . she pleaded with the officers , who were working for interpol , not to take her from her parents . alondra is now back with her real family after a dna test proved she was not the daughter of houston resident dorotea garcia .
some airports do n't help themselves when faced with these kind of situations . from the long queues for security , to paying for internet connectivity that does n't work and fighting for a seat in the terminal , the allegations against these well-known airports are varied . the san francisco chronicle once described lax as ` eight terminals connected by a traffic jam ' .
geoff barrow , portishead 's founder and instrumentalist , attacked spotify , youtube , apple and ` especially ' universal music for selling his music cheaply . barrow said that he has nothing against streaming , but wants musicians to be paid more , and says it is hurting young talent .
the flub by a graphics person , made on the east coast feed of the morning show , was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online . today had interviewed 70-year-old michaels for a story matt lauer did on a new york gathering for people listed by time magazine as the 100 most influential in the world .
london-born isis execution jihadi john is being used to recruit a network of ` misfits ' around the world . assistant commissioner mark rowley said isis is trying to ` pick up ' potential fighters among ` vulnerable , people with violent backgrounds , very young people and those with mental health issues ' .
researchers at boston university and the university of bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from africa . they used computer model the amount of energy neanderthals would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year - than if they did . instead , it is more likely that they disappeared 40,000 years ago because of interbreeding and assimilation with our early modern human ancestors .
a third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox . from a marriage certificate to deeds to a house , only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online , while just 13 per cent bother to scan it to a computer .
thusha kamaleswaran was shot in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine in 2011 . shaun bryan , 23 , was the intended target of the shooting that shocked britain in march 2011 . he and accomplice gino sawyers threatened the women at knifepoint before stealing mobile phones , a laptop and cash .
daryl scott donohue , 43 , tried to hire someone to kill his wife , not once , but twice over the course of their marriage . after dating for about a year the pair got engaged and started to plan a wedding . she discovered her husband-to-be was not the man she thought he was .
scientists at vanderbilt university in tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery . they note that despite hand washing and other protocols , surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem . researchers concluded this implied one of two scenarios . firstly , that current infection prevention methods are not effective .
21st century additions like a facebook page , an instagram profile and a smart phone often end up doing more damage to a budding relationship than good . these days we are more connected than ever , but that regularly pushes a potential partner further away . on a date in the 1990s , the biggest fails a person could be responsible for were a lack of conversation , food in the teeth or a man asking the woman to split the bill . nowadays , the man or woman is also likely to try and photograph
lucy southern worked for britannia hotels in leeds and was quizzed about her sex life and asked whether she wore stockings in bed . she complained in august 2013 but nothing was done and in october , nkoroi began touching her , slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck . she also claimed he stood behind her to ` grind ' up and down her back , simulating sex .
john sutton jr , 84 , is inviting the 84-year-old to attend his 76th-straight kentucky derby as their special guest on may 2 . this week , sutton invited a reporter from wave 3 into the louisville home he shares with his wife of 61 years doris . she spoke about his very first derby and showed off his impressive collection of racing memorabilia .
hamayun tariq , a divorced 37-year-old who was born and raised in dudley in the west midlands , shared four images on twitter of a room where he claims to make devices known as ieds . components are seen organised on shelves and instruction manuals and bomb-making equipment neatly laid out on work surfaces in the room , which the father-of-two says he hopes will emerge as ` the best electronics lab in the islamic state ' .
nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks nba playoffs game . when nicholas finished , the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him . and the heartwarming moment was caught on camera . footage - secured by a spectator and shared on vine .
maickel melamed , 39 , crossed the boston marathon finish line after 20 grueling hours in the rain and cold . melamed has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him to just walk or move - to finally cross the finish line . the venezuelan athlete said on tuesday as he was honored at city hall .
carphone warehouse 's mobile network will launch in may and offer free roaming in 22 countries including the us , australia and across europe . the firm 's boss told mailonline the aim is to offer features that customers want , including 12-month contracts and affordable 4g handsets . when id launches next month it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries , ahead of three with 18 countries and lyca on 17 .
prime minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment . tories have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than # 150,000 to fund extra free childcare places . mr cameron will tell the audience that the conservative party wants to reward hard work .
the unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise 's facebook account where it was ` liked ' over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it . facebook users were quick to ridicule the steakhouse franchise . hog 's breath cafe australian general manager ross worth said he had taken immediate action to make sure an instance like this will never happen again .
 173 lots include issa dress as worn by kate middleton for engagement photos . designs similar to those seen on fashionable feet of carrie and samantha . items come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner . they are being sold without a reserve , which means they will go to the highest bidder on the day .
the reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims ' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students . in u.s. schools last year , almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault , nearly a third of them women .
norway has announced that it will be the first country in the world to switch off its fm radio signal . twiddling the knobs of a radio will no longer be necessary as analogue services switch off in favour of digital . growing numbers of people choosing to listen to internet radio , it seems likely other countries will follow norway 's example .
the california firm said it will announce a ` home battery ' and a ` very large utility scale battery ' in a letter sent to investors . while products such as this already exist , founder elon musk thinks they ` suck ' , according to tesla 's investor relations director , jeff evanson .
more than a third of nhs trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments to save money . criteria for accepting patients for operations would be based on their body mass index , which measures obesity . senior doctors criticised the plans and accused health managers of denying patients vital treatment simply because they were considered to be ` undeserving ' .
former tech executive carly fiorina is set to become the second woman in the 2016 white house hunt -- if a report published wednesday afternoon is accurate . the onetime hewlett-packard ceo will launch a formal campaign . on may 4 , according to the wall street journal .
president barack obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected but has not followed through despite calls from the most famous armenian-american , kim kardashian . she has used her celebrity since at least 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide . last week traveled to the country for the first time with her husband kanye west .
the former brookside actress gave birth to son jaxton in september . claire , 44 , has now enlisted the help of susan hepburn , who famously helped lily allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 . she has said there is one pregnancy habit she 's struggled to quit .
london-based keyboard app firm swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji . happy faces , including winks , kisses , smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions , making up 45 per cent of all the messages studied .
soothe sunburned skin with ice cubes made of aloe vera or by soaking a cloth in black or green tea . the acidity found in citrus can be quite drying to your strands . it will lighten gradually , so do n't apply too much in one go . use it sparingly over the course of the summer months for all-natural highlights by august .
zachary cain stickler , 34 , had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in february , and appeared shasta county superior court in redding on friday . before the crash , stickler had sent text messages to friends and family indicating he was distraught and planned to kill himself .
teng jiazhi , from shenyang , north china , came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in -30 c. ` they had been standing in the cold for more than an hour for a taxi ' he told reporters from people 's daily online .
erica avery was cuffed and hauled out of a broward county courtroom tuesday after being accused of using the internet , which itself violated the conditions set just one month prior when she was first released on $ 100,000 bond . avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in hollywood , florida .
anna james , 32 , has vowed to defy the school 's ban on taking her children to the ` obby ` oss celebrations ' . the school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013 . mrs james said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action to take her children ethan , 11 , piran , 5 , sophia , 8 , and four month old baby faith to the event .
abi gordon-cody , 26 , from droitwich , worcestershire , creates gruesome injuries using special effects . she often stars in her own pictures , taking selfies of a bloody pencil seemingly impaled through her nostril and emerging from the bridge of her nose , or a shot of a foot that has trodden on a long rusty nail .
alice barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen . barker had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo , cotton club and zanzibar club , and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows . but she did n't even have any photographs or memorabilia to remember her years on stage .
photographs taken today in micheldever woods , hampshire , show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected after an unseasonably warm start to the season . but the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by april showers this weekend , with forecasters warning britons ` not to put the cagoules away just yet ' . parts of northern scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10c by monday and there is a chance
ukip leader nigel farage tells itv 's julie etchingham about his childhood . the 51-year-old also discusses his battle with testicular cancer . mr farage said his childhood of ` youthful excess ' but gave few details . asked if he had enjoyed lively nights out in the clubs of kent town .
eloise aimee parry , 21 , took the ` diet pills ' in her daughter 's handbag . the drug contains a toxic chemical used in pesticides and explosives . some promise next-day delivery , while others offer free samples for those who want to ` try before they buy ' .
rajpal singh , 34 , had swallowed , 140 coins , 150 nails and nuts . he had also gulped down screws , nails and magnets . the image shows an x-ray with the mass of metal objects shown in white in his stomach . doctors were amazed when an endoscopy - inserting a long , thin tube with a camera attached to the end -- it revealed the hundreds of foreign objects in mr singh 's stomach .
cengiz guven is the supervisor of site security at lone pine , the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second australian dawn service on anzac day . the 30-year-old security manager from istanbul has been taking care of things in between anzac days his work has a superstar flavour .
lib dem leader says farage 's ` mask is slipping ' to reveal man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white ` lashing out ' in a scrabble for headlines . cameron issued an appeal to people planning to vote ukip to instead support the tories in an attempt to block a ` toxic tie-up ' between laabiur and the snp .
nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction , agriculture and leisure . study found there was a ` macho culture ' in some parts of the construction industry , with two thirds of workers who spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk .
the giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs -lrb- 2.7 kg -rrb- and was 20 times bigger thanit should have been . it was extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease . this condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys , so they expand in size . incredibly , a week after his initial operation at delhi 's sir ganga ram hospital , a second kidney weighing 5.5
holly nicole solomon , now 31 , admitted to running over her husband daniel in a mesa parking lot after an argument where she said that her family would ` face hardship ' because of barack obama 's reelection . solomon originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct for the incident , but now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal .
obama visited the subtropical swamps of the park today as part of a push to get americans thinking and talking about the damage climate change is causing close to home . ` climate change can no longer be denied . it ca n't be edited out , ' he said in a speech at everglades national park commemorating earth day .
robert preston boardwine provided his friend joyce rosemary bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using a turkey baster in 2010 . she had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she thought the absence of intercourse would mean mr boardwine had no parental rights . after the boy was born , the pair disagreed on the level of involvement mr boardingwine would have in his son 's life , with ms bruce intent on raising him alone .
the australian securities and investments commission took action against the supermarket company last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems . asic also found that aldi failed to disclose the 0. 5 % surcharge it charges consumers paying by credit card in some of its stores .
steve spowart helped the horses ' owner , sonia sharrock , to lead the animals to safety near dungog , in the nsw hunter region . four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years . he paddled out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded , past trees , bushes and fences submerged in the floodwater .
tory benefits chief iain duncan smith questioned the numbers . he insisted that the best way to help families was to get people into work . another independent food bank organisation warned such figures could be misleading because food banks are a ` political football ' . comes amid growing controversy over the spread of food banks .
sharon and nick chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of ivf and one failed egg donor attempt . after sharing their story with a perth radio station the couple were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family . shannon mann , 22 , said she has wanted to be an egg donor for many years , that dream could soon be a reality .
the french-built falcon 50 began tumbling through the air on friday . the plane landed safely back in belgrade , but nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet pope francis in the vatican . an investigation determined that the co-pilot , bojan zoric , had spilled coffee on the instrument board ` due to ongoing turbulence ' .
omar hallak , principal of al-taqwa college in melbourne , reportedly bans his female students from running . the age reported that the victorian registration and qualifications authority is currently investigating the allegations . this comes a month after revelations mr hallak was telling students at his school that islamic state was not ` created ' by muslims .
the nfl expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from alzheimer 's disease or moderate dementia someday . the settlement approved on wednesday by a federal judge in philadelphia would pay them about $ 190,000 on average . senior us district judge anita brody approved the deal after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out .
bianca london and martha cliff used facetune to edit selfies . # 2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ` perfection ' . results were rather scary and obvious . not only can you remove spots , improve skin texture and enhance eyes . but you can also fix grey hair , reshape your face and even fill in bald patches .
a florida teen austin hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his wimauma home last week . hatfield was rushed to a tampa hospital in critical condition . bites from the cottonmouth are known to cause extreme swelling and can lead to death .
lucas hinch , 37 , was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a ` shots fired ' call early on monday evening . ` he took the computer into the back alley and fired eight . shots into the computer with a handgun , effectively disabling . it , ' said the colorado springs gazette newspaper cited police as . saying hinch was good-natured about the citation .
sid ahmed ghlam had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers in the 13th arrondissement in southern paris on sunday . this afternoon the paris prosecutor said police found arabic documents mentioning isis and al qaeda at the it student 's home , as well as evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in syria ` who clearly asked him to target a church ' .
a five-year-old iranian girl has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder . she is now living in fear of being returned from a holding centre in darwin to troubled nauru for years while her family 's asylum claim is processed . the girl 's father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing form the military police in iran .
human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the uk , including one that was used to fund a housing development in slovakia . vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages . in some cases , ` customers ' from outside the eu are requesting women with eu passports so they can make them pregnant .
seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic , along with a vhs cassette tape of the film signed by actor dan truitt , who played rolff von trapp . they are expected to fetch $ 800,000 when they are auctioned off at nate d. sanders on april 30 .
samantha rawcliffe , 40 , from morecambe , has been diagnosed with the rare condition functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term to cover a range of neurological symptoms . in the days after the accident she lost control of her bladder repeatedly , she feared something else was to blame . after her accident on may 26 , last year , mrs rawcliffe was taken to the royal preston hospital to meet neurologists .
european commission antitrust chief margrethe vestager said gazprom was barring eu clients from selling on its gas to other states . russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said the charges were ` absolutely unacceptable ' . the commission 's investigation , opened in september 2012 , had initially covered poland , the czech republic , slovakia , . hungary , bulgaria , estonia , latvia and lithuania . relations with russia , and gaz
there are only a few places in the world that still allow hunting of humpback whales , and that is for aboriginal subsistence only three nations , japan , norway and iceland , still allow the animals to be killed for scientific research . at one stage the worldwide population dropped to just a few thousand due to over-fishing and hunting , but it has now recovered to 90,000 .
ricky woolaston , 35 , posed as a university maintenance engineer to steal laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit . but a court heard he was easily tracked down by police after he left behind his bag at the scene of one of the crimes . he has now been sentenced to four years in prison at birmingham crown court .
the map was created by looking at the official twitter accounts for each team , using their followers as an indicator of allegiance . liverpool may be struggling in the premier league and looking at a 2015-16 campaign without champions league football . arsenal have strong support in london and the south east and have more followers in the backyards of rivals chelsea and tottenham .
researchers in belgium say all sweet potatoes contain ` foreign dna ' . agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species . this makes sweet potatoes a ` natural genetically modified organism ' . and humans have been eating it for thousands of years . it is one of the earliest domesticated crops with archeological findings in caves of the cholca canyon in peru that are 8,000 to 10,000 years old .
gregg manderson , 68 , of st paul , minnesota , first sought medical attention after he got twinkle twinkle little star stuck inside his mind last may . he has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years . sounds including police sirens are stuck in the head for around a month .
charlotte blakeway was discovered dead in the bath at her home in shropshire . the 17-year-old was studying film , performance , english and sociology . friends have taken to a facebook memorial page to pay tribute to her . she was a talented singer who was studying music and drama at sixth form .
matthew riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber 's drink at the roof gardens in kensington in august 2 last year . today , the 29-year-old , from epsom in surrey , dressed in a smart pinstripe suit and blue tie , appeared at isleworth crown court .
the man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue hyundai getz car on the bermagui to tathra road in the bega valley , on the far south coast of nsw . but on thursday evening 7 news captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police . the man did as he was told and gave himself up without a struggle .
the bash-the-rich candidate flew first class from boston to washington , d.c. after wrapping up a two-day new hampshire campaign trip . daily mail online asked her in the washington reagan national airport terminal . the usually garrulous and broad-smiling clinton stared straight ahead , continued walking alongside her secret service and local police escorts .
hayley carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition . she will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa . but it was only after meeting anne in an online support group that she decided to make a move to the country she ` has always wanted to call home ' .
robbie knievel , 52 , was speeding in an suv on tuesday evening when he rear-ended a honda , causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles . he was seen walking about a block away , according to butte-silver bow undersheriff george skuletich . on wednesday , he made his initial appearance in justice court .
the intrepid sheepdog was at the controls when he sent the farm utility vehicle down a steep bank , on to the busy carriageway and into the central reservation barrier . don escaped unhurt but left scores of motorists wondering if they were imagining things . traffic scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that there may be hold-ups ` due to a dog taking control of tractor ' .
the 446 people on board the italian rescue vessel , the navy said 59 of them were children , who were no doubt unaware just how perilous their boat trip could have been . they were dropped off in the sicilian port of augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the coast of italian mainland .
dr christopher valentine , 52 , was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago . he was hauled before the general medical council for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent . his behaviour was branded ` inappropriate ' but he was not struck off and went to work at an nhs service for drug addicts and alcoholics .
william smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend 's mother , marilyn buttigieg , then 44 . the couple , from crawley , west sussex , shared their first date and kiss in september 2005 . but they feel they have proved their critics wrong because they are still together .
ukip leader said ` millions ' of refugees could arrive on boats in europe over next few years unless they are intercepted and turned back now . mr farage urged pm to resist pressure at an emergency summit of eu leaders in brussels tomorrow for britain to take in large numbers of refugees brought across the mediterranean by people-smugglers .
bbc2 boss kim shillinglaw said clarkson ` will be back ' on the bbc . the 54-year-old executive insisted there was ` no ban on jeremy being on bbc ' . the final scenes filmed by the top gear team before jeremys .
scientists at the university of southern california believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition . they have identified a gene , named nox3 , found in the inner ear , that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss . this is the first published genome-wide association study on noise-induced hearing loss in mice .
kim richards stormed out of an interview with dr phil mcgraw after a highly emotional discussion of her alcoholism . the hysterical real housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where dr phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program . but richards apparently snubbed dr phil 's offer of help as eyewitnesses heard her scream ` f *** ' , and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down
the video swoops around the disc of superheated material known as a quasar surrounding the black hole , showing how it takes shape . and the simulation is particularly interesting , because recent observations show two such black holes are going to collide in just seven years . the prediction can be tested in real life .
the uco stormproof matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them . the unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations . they include 25 matches in a completely waterproof case with and three strike pads .
researchers at the university of alberta examined a pair of fossils found in mongolia , which were first described in 2001 . one is a complete skeleton , while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail . they looked at indirect evidence of sexually dimorphic display structures , which are evident today in birds .
laura eugenia smith , 35 , faces multiple charges , including dui , child endangerment and public intoxication . in an affidavit , police say a witness noticed the girl driving smith 's car with smith sitting in the passenger seat . the witness , josh staten , said the noticed the vehicle and could n't believe his eyes .
belle gibson revealed the truth of her cancer diagnosis in an interview in the latest edition of the australian women 's weekly . the wellness blogger was a prominent social media personality . her instagram fan base ballooned after she ` revealed ' she had prolonger her life by embracing an alternative lifestyle .
raquel d'apice , a comedian and mother-of-one from new jersey , created yelp reviews of newborns , an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today . new mom , who gave motherhood one star out of five , noted that her ` extremely long wait ' of more than nine months was ` unacceptable ' .
yom hazikaron - or memorial day - is held the day before israel 's independence day . under law all places of entertainment , including cinemas , theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day . many israelis attend memorial services for relatives and friends who have died in conflict .
experts have discovered a 1,900-year-old hangover cure written on an ancient egyptian papyrus . written in greek , one of the medical recipes offers advice for how to tackle a ` drunken headache ' . text recommends stringing the leaves of the evergreen plant , also called ruscus racemosus , together and possibly wearing it around the neck .
graeme finlay , 53 , accused of beating elderly couple on cruise ship . he insisted he acted in self-defence after being attacked by ron phillips . the 16-stone british gas engineer confronted him about rudeness in ignoring him . finlay said he only swung his arms to defend himself when he demanded an apology .
cetaphil gentle cleanser is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including britain 's got talent judge amanda holden and actresses charlize theron and olivia wilde . also stocked in pharmacies such as lloyds and online on amazon , is fragrance and soap free .
monica mcdermott , 41 , could not walk straight when police stopped her lexus . mother-of-one refused to give breath sample after coming to a halt on churchill way . she was arrested for drink-driving at macclesfield magistrates ' court . she pleaded guilty to drink driving when she appeared at court .
warning graphic content . rspca officers discovered five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in lancashire where they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights . footage shows the animals held in electrical shock collars , covered with scars and were kept in urine-soaked cages without water . all five illegal dogs - dingo , sheeba , zula , fenton and mousey - were ordered to be destroyed .
authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars . incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .
in a harrowing insight into the lifelong effects of the shamed glam rocker 's catalogue of sickening attacks , 'n' -- who was just 11 when pervert glitter stole her childhood . the girl , who mailonline is not identifying , now suffers from dark spells of depression and rarely goes out , haunted by her life-changing nightmare .
erik de vries , 24 , and josephine egberts , 22 , were separated back in 1999 after their parents ' messy break-up . their father took erik and his twin brother maarten to belgium and their mother stayed with him in their native netherlands . the penny did n't drop straight away . erik backed off over his concerns , but a few days later curiosity got the better of him .
greg hardy , 25 , was convicted by a judge in charlotte , north carolina of beating , strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend , nicki holder . the decision to ban hardy followed a two-month nfl investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in february .
sir james munby says parents should use the ` carrot and the stick ' approach to make children do the things they find boring or difficult . he suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets , grounding teenagers , and ` threats falling short of brute force ' as suitable methods for parents to get their way .
the price comparison website finder.com.au suggests , if you have n't already pre-ordered , you might be better off waiting until next year for the second generation apple watch . the long-awaited apple watch is about to go from being on display to being on the wrist of buyers world-wide but a panel of technical experts claim it is far from perfect .
pm said labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in system . he accused ed miliband and ed balls of having ` some brass neck ' . he said tories were overhauling benefit system , increasing minimum wage . mr cameron said families stuck on benefits were not ` playing the system ' .
christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt . he invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims . judge nicholas cooke qc blasted his junior colleague recorder stuart trimmer qc for ` taking his eye
in the first four months of the year , there have so far been 5,080 flight cancellations , compared to the 4,239 cancellations during the same period in 2014 . low-cost carrier monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays so far . easyjet has n't fared much better , experiencing a 19 per cent increase in delay .
shanice farier , 22 , from derby earned a ` decent salary ' and received handouts from her father but that was n't enough for her expensive taste . she helped herself to money from kanoo travel in derby and spent it staying in hotels and living ` an opulent lifestyle ' . judge john burgess chastised her for her greed before ordering her to do 240 hours of unpaid work .
alaskan husky , sarabi , was returned to a friend of the musher laura allaway , on monday night who will be reunited with the animal on april 28 when she returns from traveling . the three-year-old dog was spotted near glenn highway and then again last friday near reverend tim carrick 's united protestant presbyterian church . carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home , and
natali castellanos-tyler , 30 , a married mother of three from chesterfield county , was returning home from a birthday party february 21 with her daughter , elisa , in the backseat when she supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road . investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions .
martin springall , 38 , photographed his young daughter standing near a rocky outcrop in zushi , japan , in july 2014 . he said he was living and working in tokyo , around an hour north , and wanted to send a picture ` to my wife , who was at work ' .
ian walters , 48 , is accused of killing his wife of two years after their relationship collapsed because she was no longer able to satisfy his sexual demands . she veered off the m1 on the way back from an unsuccessful ` make or break ' trip with his wife tracy , leicester crown court has heard . she was flown to hospital by helicopter but died two days after the crash .
barry selby , 54 , who lives with his dog in poole , dorset , was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found the ` skull ' snack . floor-fitter decided to keep the unusual find , which appears to show a jaw , nose and eye .
brett robinson , 32 , is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell multiple times . the case follows that of her colleague lisa curry , 39 , who last month was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist .
the trussell trust admitted in a climbdown that ` these are not all unique users ' . it emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million -- and possibly lower still . the corporation retreated yesterday , toning down its coverage as the one million figure unravelled .
the new southpaw trailer featured jake gyllenhaal showing off an extremely toned torso . but according to his trainer , former professional boxer terry claybon , it took a huge amount of work to get the 34-year-old actor ripped for the shoot . he also worked out for an incredible six hours per day , including 2,000 sit ups , 1,000 each morning and the same at night .
the aston martin db4 cabriolet once belonged to actor peter ustinov . it was one of the most luxurious cars of its day , costing # 4,000 and was delivered to him at a swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in britain was just # 2,500 .
king felipe , 47 , welcomed award-winning writer juan goytisolo to the casa real for a lunch in his honour . today 's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the spanish queen , who last night found herself on the receiving end of an unexpected kiss courtesy of another prize-winning author .
james webb space telescope will be 100 times more potent than hubble . will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang . it will peer back over 13.5 billion years to see the first stars and galaxies forming out of the darkness of the early universe . nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its october 2018 launch .
baboucarr ceesay , a talented footballer from the gambia , is believed to have died on the fishing boat in a ` desperate ' attempt to seek a new life in the uk . his aunt jessica sey has spoken of her devastation after discovering that he was not among the 27 survivors and demanded the human traffickers be brought to justice .
david norris , 51 , pounced on his wife dionne in the graveyard of st nicholas church in southfleet , near gravesend , in kent . she begged him to think of their children as he launched his vicious attack . but he only stopped stabbing her when she ` played dead ' and a member of the public intervened .
male competitors on bear grylls ' show the island had not eaten for two weeks when they tracked down and killed what producers thought was a common caiman . but later discovered was an endangered american crocodile . conservationists are in agreement that illegal hunting and habitat destruction have left it critically endangered .
the charity founded by ralph lauren in 1994 has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever . starring models from sizes 10 to 20 , this year 's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause . this follows the first leg of the campaign , which launched earlier this month and starred models abbey clancy , 29 , and alice dellal , 27 , singer foxes , 25 , and victoria 's secret angel l
food52 's ` not sad desk lunch ' series demonstrates just how simple it can be to bring healthy , cost-effective , and delicious lunches to work . each recipe on food52 is contributed by a member of the team who promises to keep your midday meals ` both interesting and pretty ' .
body of missing chef , who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009 , has still not been found . police and forensic officers working at three houses not far from where she lived in the heworth area of york before she went missing six years ago . man , in his 50s and from the york area , arrested last month on suspicion of her murder .
the dishevelled-looking 1962 aston martin db4 series iii will be worth three times its # 220,000 price if fully restored . the restoration project will cost upwards of # 350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay # 570,000 to return it to its former glory .
the unconventional maneuver led to a three-day , unpaid suspension for trooper abraham martinez last year but the footage only emerged this week . the incident unfolded in december 2012 after martinez , a 10-year veteran trooper , took chase when 25-year-old steven gaydos ran a stop sign near houston . gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license .
the underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt . it is currently on display at the national museum of denmark in copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection . seals are found along the coast of east greenland and are hunted by inuits .
micheal john duffy , 34 , pleaded not guilty to murdering colleen deborah ayers . the decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent 's 25-acre lakesland property , located near picton , south west of sydney . in the opening statements of duffy 's trial crown prosecutor elizabeth wilkins sc told the jury , that while his former partner , rachel evans , had initiated the violent act , duffy had willingly joined in .
harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas . the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage . tv cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness .
jerry moon 's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag . while the body of the loving father , who was terrified of cremation , was accidentally incinerated at dahl mcvicker funeral home in kelso , washington state . the family is now seeking unspecified damages for emotional distress .
charlesetta taylor , 79 , has lived in her home for 70 years , and was a member of the first african-american family to live in her neighborhood . this so the city can make way for a campus for the national geospatial-intelligence agency . the company creates maps and satellite imagery that is used by the military for national security .
skar groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the auschwitz-birkenau complex in nazi-occupied poland . during that period , so many trains were arriving that often two would have to wait with closed doors as the first was ` processed ' . he is seen here shuffling out of court on day one of the trial .
jesinta campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception . ' i was actually at an awards ceremony - the cosmopolitan fun fearless female awards - and she was awarded with one of the big awards there . she was crying , and i just feel like she 's really let everyone down . ' .
the care quality commission quietly revised its report to rate many of the hospital 's services as ` good ' . in january the commission branded hinchingbrooke in cambridgeshire as ` inadequate ' and placed it in special measures . but today the watchdog will upgrade this to ` requires improvement ' .
over half , 54 per cent , also confessed they did not know that lyme disease , a potentially fatal illness caught from tick bites , affects their pets as well as themselves . in extreme cases , the nervous system , joints and heart can be affected , and symptoms may be misdiagnosed as other conditions .
the glasford school hosted one of several simulations put on by the american red cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving . the staged event used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police , fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene . in attendance at the event and clearly troubled was an illini bluffs high school senior named moriah nau who wiped her tears away as she was embraced by her friend . nau 's brother , austin , died at age 17
david jenkins ' single-engine edge 360 plane crashed at old buckenham airfield near attleborough , norfolk . the man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people who were at a press day for the air show . a friend said : ` he was highly skilled and knew exactly what he was doing ' .
 rolly robinson , from the blog beauty high , stars in theunique makeover clip , which sees him transform himself into a kylie jenner lookalike . to make himself over as ` america 's sweetheart ' , rolly first had to shave his mustache - and then he got to work using an array of cosmetics to help him copy the appearance of the youngest member of the kardashian clan .
rep steve knight , 48 , was hosting an open house event at his simi valley office last friday when he was accosted by a group of activists . the heated exchange between knight and the group of protesters carrying anti-immigration signs was captured on video and uploaded onto youtube by a right-wing group called we the people rising .
former first minister , who is bidding to become an mp , caught boasting : ` i 'm writing labour 's budget . ' . he also joked that he would ` check his top pocket ' -- a reference to a conservative election poster showing a miniature mr miliband in his breast pocket . it prompted david cameron and boris johnson to join forces to warn of looming ` constitutional crisis ' .
peter 's father , the letter submitted to the weekly standard took six-months to write because troubled peter was ` too angry ' to write it all down in one sitting . in addition to telling michelle obama that public school children ca n't live on one packet of ketchup alone , peter criticizes the first lady for america 's lack of troops in the middle east and in the ukraine .
the mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party pieces firm yesterday , recommending the chevron divine tablewear range for parents-to-be . mrs middleton , 60 , has previously been accused of cashing in after her daughter kate married prince william .
the actor asked producers to leave out the name in a post on facebook . he said he was embarrassed by the ` very thought left a bad taste in my mouth ' . this enabled him to hide the identity of his ancestor , named today by the sun as james mcguire , who kept eight slaves on his farm in trenton in new jersey in the 1840s . today he apologized for calling for information to be withheld .
flight 5622 , operating as a united express , dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in buffalo , new york . the situation arose about an hour after take-off , when three passengers on the embraer 175 twin-jet from chicago lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick . when the plane landed , skywest initially claimed that the aircraft landed ` out of an abundance of caution ' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical
researchers at sun yat-sen university in guangzho have published their research in the journal protein & cell . the team tried to tweak the gene responsible for a potentially deadly blood disorder , using a germ line editing technique known as crispr/cas9 . unlike other gene-silencing tools , the crispr system targets the genome 's source material and permanently turns off genes at the dna level .
ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , wants to look hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit . the former new england patriots player was convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd on june 17 , 2013 .
 bounkham ` bou ' phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the may incident . his family says the medical bills have surpassed $ 1 million . while the settlement is n't enough to cover the continued medical care bou will require as he gets older , buzzfeed reports .
christopher swain , a clean-water activist , embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the gowanus canal , which has been designated as especially polluted by the environmental protection agency . swain quit two-thirds of a mile into the water , gargled hydrogen peroxide periodically to prevent contaminated water from getting down his throat .
ukip has fallen 18 points behind the tories and seven behind labour . revelation came as farage admitted he had ` made some mistakes ' during campaign . but he insisted he was confident he could get it back on track . ukip now trail tories by 18 % and labour by 7 % .
former tory party chairman said unlike major figures such as sir winston churchill , clement attlee or aneurin bevan , mr cameron had never had a ` proper job ' . instead , he said the prime minister had done nothing except be a special adviser and working in pr for carlton television .
carol chandler , 53 , allegedly molested a boy , under the age of 14 . she is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency . charges have not yet been formally put and she has not entered pleas . former pupils of the top school , established in 1509 , include chancellor .
harrowing images show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot . isis released the disturbing photographs on the same day as they bizarrely attempted to portray everyday life under the terror group 's control as happy and carefree . images of the media activist 's brutal execution were released by isis ' halab media centre .
rebecca grant , 40 , initially claimed she had been kidnapped and abused . but when she refused to give the name of her captors , police checked her id and found that she was out on bail . she became violent and tried to head-butt a deputy sheriff before ` thrusting her head onto the trunk of his cruiser on two occasions ' .
nordic country decided to tighten up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows , clubs and animal brothels frequented by tourists . previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals . agricultural minister dan jorgensen pointed out it was difficult to prove whether or not the animal had been harmed .
joseph o'riordan , 76 , found guilty of attempted murder after wife mandy , 47 , was left with life-threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back at their home in polegate , east sussex . former polegate town councillor had become suspicious of his wife 's movements and placed a gps tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her .
lord janner signed over deeds of his # 2million home to his children . it puts the luxury apartment out of reach for potential child abuse victims . his flat was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in march . police raided his westminster office and three months after they swooped . revelation follows outcry over decision not to prosecute former labour mp .
emily grimson , 25 , from shropshire , is one of britain 's most successful models . she has only been modelling for a year but has already built a lucrative full-time career making up to # 100 an hour . she moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best .
isabelle hyart lovingly touched the small white coffin as it was taken down to the waiting hearse . pall bearers carry the coffin of chloe , who was raped and murdered on april 15 , down the steps of the saint-pierre church in calais , northern france .
prince alwaleed bin talal has promised to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots . saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and overthrew the saudi-backed government .
woman , who did not want to be identified , said she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking the rules enforced by is . she was lucky to escape from the is capital raqqa in syria where she said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out in public alone .
one in five australians shop online at night in bed , while 86 per cent to going online for items they 're too embarrassed to buy in store . this is the least of stealthy shopper habits , according to a new study . more than 27 per cent of australian admit to shopping online at work and 3 per cent even took a sick day to be able to sign for online orders when they arrived at home .
ukip leader said he had to ` confess ' that he was happier accepting migrants from commonwealth countries such as australian and india because they could speak english . comments come after farage demanded refugees fleeing to europe across the mediterranean are sent back . mr farage said he purposely ramped up the rhetoric to ` wake people up ' .
abu khaled al-cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video . he has ordered his ` beloved brothers ' to ` rise up ' and attack targets in australia . despite the militant 's vitriol , the most recent local headlines surrounding anti-muslim prejudice have focused upon sydney woman stacey eden , 23 , standing up for a couple being bullied on the train .
the lint-free , tear-resistant paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations , too . they can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks , from being transformed into temporary dish covers and snack bowls . femail has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers .
susan monica , 66 , was found guilty on tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span . she was sentenced to a minimum of 50 years in prison . monica asked for sentencing as soon as the jury was dismissed , saying ` it does n't seem to matter ' .
the actress , who underwent a double mastectomy in 2013 , was referring to a genetic test that currently costs more than $ 3,000 . now a silicon valley-based start-up is offering an at-home dna saliva test that detects the same gene mutations but is priced at only $ 249 -lrb- # 167 -rrb- . it tests for mutations in brca1 and brca2 , along with 17 other markers , all of which are linked to an increased risk of
tv celebrity dr mehmet oz , 54 , found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to columbia university . in a special episode of the dr oz show , which was pre-taped tuesday and will air thursday , the beleaguered physician directly addressed his attackers and accused them of trying to bully him into silence .
vincent stanford , 24 , is accused of murdering ms scott , 26 , on easter sunday . she was set to wed fiance aaron leeson-woolley in bushland , just days before she was due to marry aaron 's mother . a memorial service will take place in eugowra in nsw 's central west , at the venue where her wedding was scheduled to be held .
david cameron and boris johnson struggled with children 's jigsaw teaching toddlers . they tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands , telling him : ` if in doubt , wedge it in ' . after being put right by a four-year-old who spotted their errors .
a waitress has revealed how the new zealand prime minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in auckland frequented by him and his wife . the anonymous waitress has recounted how john key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year . however mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions , stuff.co.nz reports .
vito jedlicka , 31 , is a member of the czech republic 's conservative party of free citizens . the land was apparently forgotten when the balkan peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of yugoslavia in the 1990s . he says the land will become the third smallest sovereign state in the world , behind the vatican city and monaco .
the funny girl pretended to trip and fall in front of kim kardashian and kanye west at the time 100 gala on tuesday . the trio were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at jazz at lincoln center in new york city .
david healy , head of psychiatry at hergest psychiatric unit in bangor , north wales , said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established . he suggested that the success of so-called ssri drugs - which include prozac and seroxat - was based on the ` marketing of a myth ' .
tianwen chen , 65 , and his wife gairen guo , 60 , found their first child in a box on the roadside and gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in rural shanxi province , central china . they are only living comfortably with 12 of the children with the help of donations by kind-hearted people .
prince william , dutiful fellow that he is , has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave . god willing , his wife the duchess of cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days ' time , at which point the prince , having been excused from training with east anglia air ambulance .
manhattan-based skin laundry says after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' . with these claims , the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper - unless that paper is in the mandatory eight-page contract that one client told the new york post was like ' a dickens novel ' .
jackson byrnes was told he had only weeks to live , only one surgeon in australia was willing to perform the surgery that would either save his life , leave him paralysed or worse . incredibly , the teenager has woken up from having his catastrophic brain tumour removed with the ability to move his body , thank his surgeon and even to ask his relieved mother for food . his elated family are ` over the moon ' that the surgery was more of a success than they dared to
george nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on sunday afternoon at the crystal lake cemetery in minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife velta 's grave . he was released from the hospital on tuesday with 18 stitches in his head . after allegedly being attacked by a snowbrush he managed to get back in his car and drive away .
the abu dhabi suite is the second st. regis hotel in the uae capital . it has three bedrooms , a pantry , a full dining room , library and cinema . the hotel 's showpiece , the 1,120 sq metre room , can only be accessed by a private elevator .
seven-year-old colin gilpatric , an aspiring jedi knight , was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry . desperate for a solution , colin went directly to the man in charge . as character anakin skywalker 's marriage to princess amidala led him to become a villain .
11 leading figures said director of public prosecutions alison saunders was ` damaging public confidence ' in the justice system with her ruling . cps have been accused of double standards for not prosecuting lord janner after it emerged at least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010 . labour 's simon danczuk asked in their letter to the times .
labour leader said he would have to pay # 250 a month ` mansion tax ' on homes worth more than # 2million but claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one . claim comes despite revelations his four-storey victorian town house has two kitchens -- including one for the family 's live-in nanny .
joanessa clawson , 35 , and her husband james , 38 , face felony conspiracy charges . the gofundme page , which has now been removed , is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist - appealing for help for the clawson family .
sgt. daniel knapp from jacksonville , north carolina , received combat medals after serving in afghanistan , but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service 's strict policy on body ink . while the army has recently updated its policy , the marine corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos that knapp has fallen foul of . despite having several tattoos while he was in the marines , it is the one he got on his forearm
hundreds of people gathered at eat your greens , just outside eugowra . among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley , who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt , her mother merrilyn , father robert , and her siblings .
phoebe jo chapman surrendered to sheriffs at the lowndes county sheriff 's office in valdosta and has since been charged with three counts of sexual assault . police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys . all three admitted to having sexual relations with chapman in march .
jonah willow , 12 , drew a chess match with a russian grandmaster four times his age . the chess prodigy was left thinking for 15 minutes after one of his son 's moves . jonah was third overall , qualifying for the british chess championships this august .
stacey dooley investigates which aired last night , poverty-stricken grandmothers are growing it , drug mules are risking their lives to smuggle it out of south africa 's drug-addled teens . the potent strain of the plant dubbed ` swazi gold ' is wrecking havoc on its young population .
ranjendra singh , 41 , was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd . seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and . despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him - was later declared dead at ram manohar lohia hospital .
geraldine jones , 36 , of gary , indiana , has been charged with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of new mom samantha fleming , 23 . police say jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal fleming 's daughter , serenity , and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy .
ronan ghosh , 39 , was caught shoplifting from a tesco store in birmingham . he was caught attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag . the company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of # 16million . ghosh initially elected trial by jury but he then pleaded guilty to theft .
tesco 's clothing brand f&f has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market . it comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes . aside from the lace bust , the dress is a mixture of nylon , cotton and polyester .
more than five million australian visas are expected to be issued to students , tourists and workers this year . as many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time down under at any one time . a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to australia in 1969 .
12 of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing , one flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency mayday call . among the worst cases , one incident report in february noted ` fumes in cabin . eleven of the cabin crew became unwell during flight , with symptoms of light-headedness , nausea and sea sickness ' .
marcus copeland , 44 , splashed out almost # 1million to complete the six bedroomed eco house . he sourced specialist scottish stone and installed the latest environmentally friendly technologies to make the house in cwm dyserth , near st asaph , north wales . he admitted lying on mortgage forms to secure more than # 800,000 for the property .
sally lutkin , 49 , had a rose surrounded by the names grandchildren harvey junior , six , and cooper , one , tattooed above her left ankle in november 2013 . the tattoo quickly became so swollen that she was in agony and could n't walk . doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone .
marine le pen , 46 , said her party 's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the atlantic . in an interview before a dinner in honour of the time 100 ion new york on tuesday , the leader of the staunchly anti-immigration front spoke of representing a ` great political force ' .
the number of middle-aged women with very long natural hair is on the rise , according to beauty experts . fiona steane is 50 with 3ft 5in of hair , melanie brown is 60 and has 4ft long hair . recently , supermodel twiggy stood up for older women with long locks .
showcasing a pair of toned arms and a pretty decolletage . but can a woman with 34g curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress ? secret support . lace pencil dress , # 169 , monsoon.co.uk . blue caged heels , # 39.99 , zara.com .
fire boat massey shaw was requisitioned from the london fire brigade in 1940 and transported to dunkirk to help with the evacuation of allied troops . after carrying 600 soldiers back to britain , the boat returned to london where it helped to save st paul 's cathedral and other buildings damaged in the blitz .
scientists studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself . they found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip . this image on the left taken of skin cells healing a wound using an electron microscope show how cells on opposing sides -lrb- coloured green and brown -rrb- interlock together in a similar way to a zipper used on clothes .
sergio canavero , who has no problem with anyone branding him dr frankenstein , also has not got any qualms with wealthy tycoons using the procedure . he confirmed that he hopes to operate on his first patient , a russian with a rare genetic muscle wasting disease . valery spiridonov wants to be the first person to undergo a head transplant .
blake , 27 , welcomed her first child with ryan reynolds in january . has been promoting her upcoming movie roles -lrb- and her new figure -rrb- . she has been parading her enviable curves at various events to promote her new movie , age of adaline .
john george agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because temple would ` overreact if she did n't get her way ' . he also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much . his efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including ronald reagan came to temple 's defense and called her a ` very courageous woman of the highest morals ' .
latasha gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , were discovered early wednesday . the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead . he also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed .
the largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the may 7th election posting tweets of affection for the politician . led by twitter user @twcuddleston , an as levels student by the name of abby , the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their admiration for the labour leader .
stewart brand , president of the long now foundation and editor of the whole earth catalogue , believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful . instead he argues it is unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering . this chart shows the increase in marine biodiversity from the fossil record and the five mass extinction events .
youtube entertainer yousef saleh erakat , who disguised himself as a homeless man , found out that the answer was often less than kind . as a man in a suit and on his cell phone walks by in the beginning of the video , he says , offering the man a $ 10 bill .
scott keyes , a 28-year-old writer for think progress , is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights . he recommends credit cards are the best way to go if you want to quickly and easily rack up frequent flyer miles , which you can then use to take free flights .
the thames bath lido , which will sit near blackfriars bridge , should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project . the plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as artist tracy emin and david walliams .
james boase , landlord of the coppa dolla pub in broadhempston , devon , had been drinking with a friend in torquay on march 13 , 2014 . the 36-year-old publican told court that the last thing he could remember was going to bed at approximately 12.30 am and then awoke beside his car which had been involved in a car crash . but prosecutors insisted he had failed to stop his black nissan navara . boase has been rem
labour spin doctors have so far failed to make ed miliband look cool . but now twitter users are trying to give the somewhat uninspiring party leader a makeover . from hollywood legends marlon brando and harrison ford , to astronaut neil armstrong and even tv 's latest heart-throb poldark , these images prove there is nothing that photoshop can not achieve .
veteran espn reporter shelley smith will make her first appearance on april 30 , just before the nfl draft . smith , 56 , revealed on twitter last october that she had breast cancer , and since then has undergone chemotherapy . she will also be with mariota during the draft and interview him after he is selected before she returns for five more rounds of chemotherapy .
memphis city council agreed yesterday that hound dog ii and lisa marie can be moved from his estate to a site nearby . it means tourists to graceland will have to pay extra if they want to see the two planes , which are to form a new , separate museum about the dead singer .
kate roberts , 24 , noticed her son miles had slightly different shaped head . he was diagnosed with brachycephaly , also known as ` flat head syndrome ' . this when the back of the head becomes flattened , causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out . parents are advised to move their children on to their stomachs during the day . but after doing some research mrs thomas was shocked to discover the condition can lead to facial disfigure
the three men caught on camera smoking marijuana in an entertaining new video are actually former police offers themselves - and , of course , the substance that they 're lighting up is completely legal . recorded in the state of washington , where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in july of last year , the video sees each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong .
gulam chowdhury , 24 , quoted verses from the quran before stabbing mohammed yasser afzal 20 times in the east london mini cab office where his victim worked . the court heard that nargis riaz would show intimate photographs to her father who was a strict imam . ms riaz , a second year law student at city university , was acquitted of assisting an offender .
aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' . he is currently on leave pending the investigation into the deadly shooting . in the meantime a billboard , paid for by the kenosha professional police association , has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog .
the yeatman has been open for just five years - a fraction of the age of some of the pricier bottles in its wine cellar . in those five years it has been hitting all the right notes , developing a reputation as a haven for wine lovers and one of portugal 's best luxury hotels .
tom mctevia , 42 , was traveling with a group and driving his friend tina hoisington , 45 , near an overlook at lake pend oreille in bonner county on sunday . when the group stopped for a photograph around noon , mct evia 's atv got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over , witnesses told selkirk fire rescue . a firefighter reached the first victim 's body after rappelling down 500
the dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist has courted the wrath of women 's rights and hiv/aids campaigners for his hardline stance on controversial virginity testing . king goodwill zwelithini has been blamed for sparking outbursts of xenophobic violence like this .
television personality and author bill nye ` the science guy ' joined president barack obama today for an earth day excursion , riding aboard air force one with the president . nye held court with press before boarding the airliner , telling them , i love the smell of jet fuel , according to an account provided to white house reporters . on the road trip from joint base andrews in maryland to the florida swamp and back again , a 1,836 mile flight ,
 grey and white cat marv somehow managed to get wedged in a five inch gap in between owner brendon veale 's garage and his neighbours in hanham , bristol . the rspca were called and they too were unable to coax the pet from the gap and eventually firefighters had to tunnel through a garage wall with a chisel to get him free .
philip garrod , 43 , was caught by a camera doing the eye-watering speed in a 60mph zone on his powerful suzuki motorbike . he pleaded guilty and was fined # 650 with six points for speeding but then began weaving a web of lies after asking the judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban .
stanford computer science student lea coligado , 21 , created women of silicon valley , a blog based on the people-profiling website humans of new york . in her ` letter from the editor ' , lea describes how an internship she completed at facebook was viewed as a ` give away ' by one of her classmates .
major general allen batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the army are currently refused because they are too heavy . he warns that current trends mean as many as half of young americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers .
australian vaccination skeptics network has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccination to rape in a social media post . the tag line on the image read , ` forced penetration . really - no big deal , if it 's just a vaccination needle and he 's a doctor . do you really `` need '' control over your own choices ? ' .
the 14-year-old was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside her house in kosi kalan , in uttar pradesh 's mathura district . she is now recovering in delhi 's safdarjung hospital with 70 per cent burns . on tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene , according to ndtv , to the shock of her brother , who doused her with water .
study based on a study of about 95,000 young people . all those in the study had older siblings . some of the elder children had autism and some did not . many studies over the last 15 years have ruled out a link between the mmr vaccine and autism . since autism can run in families , researchers decided to look at whether vaccines could make autism even more likely in children who had siblings with autism .
the brightly coloured pedestrian crossing was due to be installed in totnes in devon . but experts have warned painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with alzheimer 's . the proud2be group has launched the campaign to go away and seek further medical advice from experts .
colin hendry , 49 , rowed with his then girlfriend sarah kinder before embarking on a drinking session which led to him driving through lytham st annes , lancashire . police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines . father-of-four was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a cocktail bar .
a new staff report by republicans on the house ways and means committee says the irs diverted millions from taxpayer services and other areas to pay for president obama 's health law . only 40percent actually got through to a person . many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes , irs commissioner john koskinen said wednesday .
mohamed saleh , 22 , jailed for total of 31 years for string of sexual offences . offences ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child , to rape . girls , aged between 13 and 16 , were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by ahmed hassan-sule , 21 .
a texas-cowgirl college student tweeted ` what makes her think she can satisfy america ? ' when someone retweeted the quip two hours later . trump 's twitter handle in the message , one of the billionaire 's staffers retweeted it for him -- to his audience of 2.8 million people .
five nursing students died early on wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast georgia that authorities said began when a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic . those killed were traveling on interstate 16 near savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash . the big truck came to a halt after slamming into the back of a tanker .
davion navar henry only , 16 , had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars . in 2013 he stood before his florida church to beg for someone to adopt him . now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker .
a generous double room in peckham , south-east london , has been put up for rent for just # 400 a month . in an advert posted on gumtree , ` martin ' informs people looking at the double room , suitable for couples , that there is a leak in the room .
judge john koeltl said in a decision made public tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the first amendment . he said he was sensitive to the metropolitan transportation authority 's claim that the poster could incite violence and appreciates the efforts necessary to prevent violent attacks targeting jewish people .
the 15-foot hole opened up on earl street , northampton , at 2pm on thursday . it was around eight foot -lrb- 2.4 metres -rrb- wide with a section of surrounding road . police quickly sealed off the road to avoid anyone falling into the hole .
delta said ' a small number of customers ' on flight 271 from paris to newark airport in new jersey complained of nausea and possible minor injuries . a boston ems spokeswoman said two people were taken to massachusetts general hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries after the unscheduled landing .
the aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience . each four seasons journey includes air travel , ground transportation , planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip . inside of the aircraft features leather flat-bed seats , which are the work of italian design iacobucci .
brad pitt and angelina jolie pitt booked out an entire floor of the distinctly mainstream hilton malta . the 410-room five-star hotel boasts views over the twinkling blue waters of the mediterranean , a relaxation suite , two squash courts and a floodlit tennis court with coaching classes available .
the boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at bennett elementary in bennett , colorado last week . his mother , who was only identified as alicia , said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his std testing . the school district was refusing to pay for the healthcare costs now that her son must be tested for all stds .
labour leader will pledge to ` restore our commitment ' to the eu . he ruled out a referendum on europe , saying it is ` very unlikely ' there will be a transfer of powers . today he will accuse david cameron of ` taking britain to the edge of exit ' .
johnny depp plays james ` white ' bulger - the notorious boston gangster who topped the fbi 's most wanted list for 16 years before he was arrested in 2011 . the trailer opens up to depp eating dinner and complimenting the host and asking about the marinade .
amanda bailey publicly shamed the new zealand prime minister for pulling her hair while she was working at a cafe in auckland . the 26-year-old , an employee at rosie cafe which is frequented by mr key and his wife , recounted on the daily blog how the prime minister kept playfully pull her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year . but following the publication of the blog on wednesday , mrkey defended his pranks as ' a
a new ask reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive . ` do n't call me an inspiration . be your own damn inspiration , ' one user wrote , amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day .
belle has admitted she made her story up , we ask ourselves , how could we have fallen so hard for an account of what many have called a medical miracle , without a shred of supporting evidence ? the answer is very simple . we wanted to believe . and we did not so much believe in belle  s story .
ivan milat , australia 's most notorious serial killer , could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers . the revelation includes first-hand evidence from milat 's older brother , boris , into the killer 's ` secret victim ' . the man , who channel seven has not yet named , tells mr milat as they shake hands .
patrick james fredricksen , 30 , has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter . he had already used the bus 's on-board list of children 's names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl . he is also expected to face a charge of damaging a prison after breaking a sprinkler pipe inside his cell and flooding the booking area .
 masood mansouri , 33 , from saltney , flintshire , is accused of kidnap , rape and sexual assault . the woman , mother to a three-year-old girl , managed to escape by hiding in bushes , before getting another taxi to the club . she became so distressed the next day she broke down and told her mother to make an appointment with her doctor . she was interviewed by police but five days later took an overdose of her mother 's blood pressure tablets and died .
the animal is pictured vying for a large deer bone as he crosses a frozen lake in furen in japan . while the fox appears to have some success fending off a flock of crows , when a pair of eagles turn up he soon finds out he has taken on more than he can handle .
michael david ikeler , 36 , was arrested april 9 and has pleaded not guilty to three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a little girl . the girl , who has not been identified , was found just over two hours later in the dark parking lot of jim 's burgers , 13 miles away .
the institute for fiscal studies said ed miliband 's ` vague ' promise to balance the books would allow labour to borrow # 90billion more than the tories by 2020 . this would rise to # 280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if labour remained in power . the think-tank warned labour 's failure to control borrowing would leave britain ` less well placed to deal with future adverse events ' .
kimberley donoghue , 28 , from ponthenri near carmarthen , was forced to hobble down the aisle after breaking her leg and a bone in her foot just four days before her wedding . wearing the heavy white cast beneath her fairy tale dress , her father wheeled her into church and she sat down to say her vows .
the decision by the u.s. court of appeals for the federal . circuit rejected the band 's argument that the government 's . refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights . the ruling could have implications for the high-profile . fight over whether the national football league 's washington . redskins should lose its trademarks .
tom sturridge , 29 , has been best known as the long-haired hipster who finally tamed sienna miller . the london-born actor , who counts robert pattinson and andrew garfield among his best friends , could be set to become more famous than his a-list fiancee .
bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , 24 , faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and the fbi announced on wednesday that a $ 20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest . a federal criminal complaint said that patel was last seen at a hotel near newark international airport shortly after his wife was killed on april 12 . he reportedly has his india-issued passport with him .
the unnamed woman , from the sunshine coast , found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket giant coles in caboolture , north of brisbane on wednesday . she pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the snake had curled itself in the corner . the snake catcher richie gilbert came to the rescue and safely removed the sleepy little snake outside the store .
krishnan guru-murthy tried to ask the actor about his drug-taking past . after questioning the 50-year-old actor as to whether he had managed to fight demons the actor said : ` i 'm sorry , i really do n't ... what are we doing ? ' before walking out of the interview .
ashton taylor , 21 , from perth , was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in july 2013 . she said not even an apology from gibson would cut it for her . comments follow the admission from the lying health guru and wellness blogger that she had made up her story about having brain cancer .
a rural farmer and his wife found a baby male kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013 . the curious and friendly joey have dubbed ` dusty ' is now so comfortable living with the couple and their dogs lilly and rosie on their farm , near esperance in western australia . dusty rides around the property in the back of mr stewart 's truck along with the dogs , sleeps with them on a dog bed , eats with them .
benidorm , dating to the 1960s , wants the same recognition as other ` world wonders ' like stonehenge , the taj mahal and the great wall of china . sociology professor mario gaviria , the force behind the application , argues that benidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all .
deborah roberts , 53 , forced the tissue into phyllis hadlow 's mouth in an attempt to silence her in front of other nursing staff at kent and canterbury hospital . she also poured water over the dementia patient , telling other staff : ` my son said if they do it to you , you can do it . ' . she was found guilty of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity following a two-day trial - but avoided a prison
labour parliamentary candidate rupa huq says she felt no shame in accepting a # 1,000 donation from tony blair . she said fellow candidates who turned down cash were ` sticking their noses up ' at mr blair - even accused mailonline of ` picking on her ' .
the blaze took place at a building located on a flint intersection , and started at about 1pm . the strip club was known as the body shop . only the building itself and a few nearby power lines were affected , according to local media . the site was not a vacant facility , the officials also said .
alice smellie asked industry experts to find out if it 's really vital to buy new supplies for summer . out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly , say experts . many experts recommend that we wear sunscreen every day all year round for anti-ageing purposes .
couple had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons . they talked the man into divulging his security details and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep of his home . but less than two hours later , the cruel conmen were filmed using the same cards , laughing and joking as they stole # 150 from a cash machine in coventry .
the 6ft 5in , 330lb nfl player is a regular user of the taxi app . he told fans he had sent them a job application , explaining ` it would be a cool way to get some extra cash ' . francis plans to work for the $ 40billion taxi firm during the sport 's off-season .
images show jihadis casually posing in front of terror group 's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles . the slick photographs carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official isis releases . the release came as nigerian soldiers backed by warplanes invaded the islamist 's final stronghold in the country .
albert davison , 59 , made a fortune by landing six-figure bets on his horses . when he died , aged 73 , he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in surrey . but before he died in 2011 , he and his second wife penny ann fought a bitter battle . now beautician has now appeared back in court seeking to boost her slice .
marana police officer michael rapiejko mounting the curb and mowing down armed robbery suspect mario valencia . video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct and others labeling the cop as a hero . valencia remained in hospital for two days before being booked into jail .
keepers at the columbus zoo say ten-year-old irisa had mated before but never conceived . but this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets . while the birth on tuesday morning went smoothly , irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator .
a new quinnipiac university poll found only 38 per cent of americans believe she is honest and trustworthy . part of it will involve the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments . the murky picture also includes tens of millions of dollars bill clinton collected in speaking fees from companies that saw their fortunes rise because of u.s. state department actions while his wife ran
brendan cordina , 36 , drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to find his grandfather 's medals . but on his arrival at the darwin military museum , mr cordina was refused the medals and told that they ` were more important to the museum ' . medals include an airforce cross , war medal 39-45 star , a queen elizabeth ii coronation medal and others .
evnika saadvakass , from kazakhstan , became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old . she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes . the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress .
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden where she was raped by the man and left for dead . the unidentified victim will speak out in tonight 's episode of crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams .
yamini karanam , 26 , a student at indiana university , was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain after noticing she was struggling to understand things she had read . surgeons operated to extract what they believed to be a tumour . in the past , teratomas have been reported to contain hair , teeth , bone and rarely more complex organs including eyes , hands , feet and limbs .
a federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader 's obstruction of justice conviction on wednesday , ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government 's investigation into illegal steroids distribution . today 's news is something that i have long hoped for , ' bonds said in a statement . in april 13 , 2011 , file photo , former baseball player barry bonds leaves federal court in san francisco , after being found guilty of
australian government has won its bid to ban alex vella from returning after the government cancelled the rebels bikie gang president 's visa . vella , 61 , has painted himself as a nelson mandela-like figure and sold stubby holders and t-shirts to fund his legal battle , pay all court costs . the decision strands vella in malta , leaving behind in australia 24 close family members including a wife , sons and an elderly mother , all of
google has unveiled a u.s. wireless service that switches between wi-fi and cellular networks to curb data use and keep phone bills low . the service , called ` project fi , ' debuted today , about two months after google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones .
the alarm failed at the former president 's houston residence in september 2013 . but the secret service bought a replacement system in january 2014 . it took until december for it to be installed - leaving the couple without the protection of a working alarm at their home for 15 months . the request was denied for an unknown reason .
three men , who are in their 50s are all from the york area , arrested on suspicion of the murder of claudia lawrence . the trio were questioned over night by police investigating the chef 's disappearance . her father reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work in the canteen of the university of york for her 6am shift .
the study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change -lrb- ipcc -rrb- . projected temperature change from 2081-2100 by the ipcc are pictured here . the latest study , however , says this climate model may be wrong .
nearly 3.8 million crimes were recorded by police last year , figures reveal . a record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged . experts say the rise was partly because victims were ` more willing ' to report sex crimes , including historical ones , and police were more likely to take complaints seriously .
australian air transport safety bureau released its report into the ` wheels up landing ' on december 12 , 2014 at jabiru airport , southeast of darwin . the unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat cessna 310 aircraft , registered vh-tbe , with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers . despite this , the report also found the pilot was ` relatively new to the c-310 ' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment .
mother-of-three was held at gunpoint on march 31 , but refused to pay back cash . store said she should not have allowed so much cash to be in till at one time . now popeyes have offered her $ 2,000 in backpay since she has been out of work .
kate , 33 , is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days . william 's wife already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother carole , who is moving into the cambridges ' norfolk home anmer hall after the new baby arrives .
the auschwitz-birkenau state museum is becoming a popular tourist destination . it has urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time . there have been more than 250,000 visitors so far this year , a rise of more than 40 per cent compared with the same period last year .
ben thurlow attacked emergency worker rebecca hudson while she tended to his wound that he had picked up after being assaulted on a night out in driffield , east yorkshire . the 23-year-old , who was suffering from a suspected concussion , shoved mshudson as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance where he was being treated . he was given a four month sentence , suspended for 12 months .
carrie reichert , 43 , has written a book about the night . in an excerpt from the upcoming in the eye of the royal story , she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was ' . she claims she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw prince harry playing strip billiards . she said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants . in january , england-born ms reicher
barclays shareholders vented frustration at generous pay packages handed to hundreds of its top traders yesterday . scandal-hit lender faced criticism from long-suffering investors , many of them pensioners , at its annual general meeting in london . last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to # 2.3 billion after it was hit by huge bills for wrongdoing .
gareth blanks was attacked as he walked back from shops in truro , cornwall . more than 1,500 people have come out in support of the 31-year-old . he was taunted by a group of three men and one woman . when he tried to retrieve the garment , he was pushed to the ground . one of the men punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and across his body .
jamie jewitt , 24 , and henry rogers , 22 , both admit that when they were in their teens , their self-esteem was at rock bottom . before he made his foray into modelling , henry was a student and working part-time as an electronic salesman . after reaching 18st , he decided to embark on a strict diet and after shedding the pounds and slimming down to 12st .
london is known as ` the city of love ' - but do you know why ? some nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of the city . flights company just the flight have researched city nicknames all over the world . it stemmed from a street known as block 16 that became famous in the early 1900s for selling alcohol and for offering prostitution .
the mobile x-ray scanner , heralded as the world 's first ` airplane scanner ' , sweeps down a plane and can detect various objects inside . while the radiation emitted by the scanner is not safe yet for humans to be in the plane when it is operated , the company behind it thinks it could become a vital tool in aircraft safety . it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside . the device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb . but the radiation
tesco under pressure to axe 200 stores on top of 100 already closed or cancelled . loss is the largest ever declared by a british retailer and reflects seismic shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets towards smaller budget stores . over past 20 years , tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank that was designed to expand its empire of some 3,000 stores .
wesley burton , 36 , was driving home from work when a dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury . the crash occurred near the berkeley-oakland city line and police say the hit-and-run driver fled the on foot . burton had three children - santiago , enrique , and samaya -- aged between 4 and 9 .
the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear . comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .
the friends were on their way to see les misrables on broadway , dna info reports , and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train . the samaritan scandinavians stopped the violence and held the attacker until the nypd could arrive .
miriam gonzalez durantez today claimed right-wing tories probably want to kick her out of the country . spanish lawyer said she had been ` religiously paying taxes ' in the uk for 10 years and would like to be able to vote in the election on may 7 . comes after mr clegg warned the ` bandwagons of the far right ' are encircling an ` increasingly hapless conservative leadership ' .
the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound . resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out . it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer , largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries .
bodycam footage shows donald allen , 66 , pointing a loaded , 22-caliber pistol at officer brian barnett on april 11 . he then shoots allen dead after he comes at him with the gun , making threatening statements as he does.warning : graphic content . the camera was malfunctioning and it was initially thought the video was lost .
the shepherd 's life : a tale of the lake district . by james rebanks , my family and i moved from busy north london to bucolic north herefordshire , we found that our new neighbours were , overwhelmingly , sheep . i did n't want to be one of those townies who moves to the country but remains ignorant of rural ways .
janice baker kinney , marcella tate , and autumn burns held a press conference on thursday morning in los angeles , california , to announce their claims . their attorney gloria allred said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian 's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour .
the small college town of missoula , montana , is best known for its university and its inhabitants ' fierce love of football . author jon krakauer has made it the subject of his new book documenting the explosive allegations . miss belnap allegedly had been gang-raped by four college football players , but they were never charged .
chelsea , the daughter of former u.s. president bill clinton , spoke during an event on women and girls at the council on foreign relations in new york city . the foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it would n't return money it has already collected .
eloise parry , known as ella , ` burned up from the inside , after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol , or dnp . after taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat . doctors desperately tried to stabilise her , she died just three hours later .
chinese designers have developed an contraption called the bike washing machine that contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel . when ridden , the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate , churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer . a generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use . students at the university are now building a prototype of the machine .
thenga adams , flying from guyana in south america , was arrested after customs at jfk in new york searched the sneakers in his luggage . when customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $ 30,000 worth of cocaine . the total weight of cocaine seized was approximately 2 lbs and the street value is an estimated $ 30k .
the strange-looking baby opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother 's udders . but he can only take in milk through two of his mouths . he is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born . shocked locals have called the calf nandi - a nickname for lord krishna .
kate andersen brower , an american journalist assigned to cover the obama white house , became intrigued by the workings of the mansion . the staff all live out in washington and commute in . the hours are long . those on duty can not go home until the president retires and goes to bed .
aimee craven , of hull , east yorkshire , was accused of trying to shield the # 20 tesco clothes horse from cctv as she walked off the train in brough . the 32-year-old care worker thought it had been left by its owner . but british transport police trawled through cctvs to track down her . miss craven has been told it is likely she will receive a caution for theft .
patriotic countrymen and women turned out in their finest red and white today to enjoy st george 's day celebrations in the sunshine . veteran parades and morris men were seen across the country , with spectators draped in flags cheering them on . described by the prime minister as ' a day to be celebrate all that makes england great ' .
brett robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year . the judge went in favor of the prosecution , who said the report should have been filed as evidence last year if the defense were going to argue insanity .
the outbreak of honesty among politicians came when the bbc 's daily politics show presenter andrew neil asked if it would be a ` acceptable for an education secretary to send their children to a private school ' . tristram hunt , labour 's shadow education secretary answered first and said : ` yes in certain circumstances ' .
jacksonville , florida photographer kristina bewly took her 4-year-old daughter giselle to the theme park for the first time last september . each time the family visits , gisell puts on a new princess bought by her mother kirstina .
ukip insists st george would have been welcomed to britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer . but the party announced that it would make it a bank holiday in england . in its election manifesto the party has said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country .
the whale was still on the pacifica state beach on wednesday after washing up on the sand the week before . before the tide came in , beachgoers took photos of where ` east bay rats motorcycle club ' was on the whale . it 's unclear how the whale died but it does not appear to have broken bones or show signs of blunt force trauma .
the deadliest migrant tragedy on the mediterranean so far took this year 's death toll on the waters to a staggering 1,800 . it came as three other people - including a tiny child - died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the greek island of rhodes . an emergency meeting of eu leaders in brussels today will announce that only 5,000 refugees who survive the perilous journey will be granted safe haven in europe .
the drill was used by thieves during the # 60million hatton garden heist . they raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of gems . the drill was released tonight by scotland yard as the officer in charge of the investigation said the crime had been carried out by an ` ocean 's 11 type team ' .
tyus byrd , who is black , was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate randall ramsey . six city officials quit their jobs shortly after byrd won , according to reports . two of those individuals - trish cohen , parma 's former assistant police chief , and rich medley , recently spoke to nbc news .
hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster . the photographs show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy have been released . it comes at the request of some of the victims ' families , said officials . they form part of an ongoing home office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster .
lizzi crawford , 32 , tipped the scales at 20 stone when she overheard the young bus passenger ask his mum : ` has she got a baby in her belly ? ' . the embarrassing remark left the mother-of-six mortified but inspired her to ditch her unhealthy lifestyle and shed the pounds .
bill gates , a failed vegetarian , says the world 's demand for meat can be met with ` moderation and innovation ' in his most recent blog post . he also explains that some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated . instead he believes it will be possible to provide enough meat for the growing population as demand in developing countries increases .
the made-to-measure pink croc hermes birkin bag embellished with rubies . rare tote is so exclusive that it ca n't even be brought in store . experts say it 's an extremely good investment . the limited supply and production of rare colours and skin have made these bags must-have collectors items resulting in an increased value over time .
the european parliament is set to vote on whether alcoholic drinks must include calorie counts on their labels . under current eu regulations , producers of alcoholic drinks are not obliged to reveal the nutritional value of their products on the label . however , winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs .
mary doyle keefe , 19 , became the poster girl for american women when she shot to fame by posing for norman rockwell 's iconic painting . rosie the riveter was on the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29 , 1943 , and became a symbol for feminism and economic power .
paul armstrong , 26 , flew to cyprus with four friends before starting new role . but after spending spree on trip , armstrong was stopped at airport with stun gun disguised as torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage . a court heard how the stun gun was capable of administering an electrical discharge which would cause a victim to ` startle and repel ' .
host chris smith was repeatedly interrupted while trying to answer questions . prime minister was asked to rule out deal with northern ireland 's dup . he said he did not want a coalition with anybody and insisted he could win a majority . mr smith then said : ` i 'm not going to start taking bets but there is every opportunity in the next 15 days for there to be a majority government ' .
adam gadahn , a former little leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for osama bin laden , was born in 1978 in oregon as adam pearlman . gadahn had treason charges pending against him , was killed in a drone strike in january , the white house acknowledged on thursday . another january drone strike killed ahmed farouq , the operations leader for al-qaida in pakistan , as well as an american hostage and an italian
chancellor warned of a ` dangerous cocktail ' if ed miliband is at the mercy of snp leader nicola sturgeon . mr osborne claimed it would spark a ` constitutional crisis ' if scottish nationalist mps held the balance of power in the uk government . she unveiled a # 140billion ` ransom note ' for britain to drag labour to the left .
bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran could face a firing squad within days . indonesia 's head of general crimes sent letters to prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners on thursday . the australian embassy has been summoned to nusakambangan island - where the executions will be carried out - on saturday .
william hilton paul , 22 , was driving a 2006 honda ridgeline at 11.24 am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car . witnesses said paul was ` revving his engine ' while sitting alone in the truck . paul failed a field sobriety test , reported lex18.com .
study by lancashire 's edge hill university and the university of south australia has charted a direct link between anxiety and performance . students who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious . the study questioned 705 pupils from 11 schools .
the channel e4 will shut down for 12 hours on the day of the general election to encourage more youngsters to vote . the specially-produced advert will be played , featuring ` darren ' -- the man fictionally in charge of keeping e4 on air . the radical move could have a significant impact on the election with the advert set to be seen by millions of potential voters .
dr arfon williams is the only doctor available across two rural practices . his surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service . health bosses responsible for north wales said difficulties recruiting gps is a national issue , adding they are exploring a number of options .
the two men were caught trying to sneak into syria to join islamic state . it happened a day after turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with australia . the new agreement was initiated to close the turkish border to radicalised australians . it 's claimed they were on their way to join with the islamist state .
fire brigades union say practice is irresponsible and dangerous . it is becoming increasingly reliant on firemen to attend life-threatening emergencies . they normally carry blankets , oxygen masks to protect against smokes and defibrillator . in one case an elderly lady is feared to have died because she was left in the hands of fire crews for nearly 40 minutes while paramedics were delayed .
justine jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of tesco finest garnacha wine to celebrate her daughter 's birthday . mother jan jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter abi 's 18th birthday . but despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with , the family were shocked when they inspected it further .
footage was released by chinese traffic police last week in attempt to warn public of dangerous stunts that could be seen on the roads . the unidentified man is seen calmly driving alongside the pedestrian pavement while carrying a minibus strapped to the back of his tiny vehicle with strings . the silver minivan , also known as a ` bread vehicle ' in china due to its resemblance to a load of bread , is estimated to weight around one ton .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980 . but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . after his murder charges were formally dismissed yesterday , hansline who appeared with a white beard and pony tail outside court with his wife , sandy .
the first eruption in over four decades yesterday sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air . another unexpected eruption in the los lagos region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated . the ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway .
the light general aviation aircraft approaches the aero acres residential airpark and touches down without its landing gear deployed . he states that the landing gear has not been deployed and at that very moment the plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac . the plane 's propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact .
british and norwegian vets have called the eu directives ` scientifically illiterate ' . the use of homeopathy could lead to ` serious animal health and welfare detriment ' . section 7 of the regulations calls for organic farmers to use ` substances from plants , animals or minerals in a homoeopathic dilution ' .
study by paris-based organisation for economic cooperation and development used data from lisbon in portugal . by plugging the data into a computer model , they simulated how such self-driving , communal cabs would affect traffic . even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport , the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent .
navinder singh sarao , 36 , is accused of making # 26million from illegal trades over five years and an investigation team involving six agencies in the us and britain want him put on trial in new york . analysts are bewildered that it 's taken this long for action to be taken .
robert durst , 72 , who faces a murder charge in an unrelated california case , remains jailed without bond in louisiana . durst was arrested at a hotel in the new orleans capital in march a day before the finale of his hbo docu-series the jinx . authorities said he had a gun and marijuana in his room .
carole middleton and nanny maria teresa turrion borrallo are n't the only ones on standby as the birth of the spare to prince george 's heir approaches . waiting in the wings is kate 's fiercely loyal inner circle , a mix of school friends , society types and family members such as younger sister pippa .
bikram yoga improves mindfulness , flexibility , strength , muscle tone and general fitness . a typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40 c -lrb- 105 f -rrb- , with 40 per cent humidity . a team of researchers at the university of wisconsin-la crosse has found hot yoga can place pressure cause a person 's heart rate to fluctuate and their core body temperature to reach potentially dangerous levels .
prime minister looked exhausted as he stepped off the sleeper train at penzance . he arrived for eight hours from paddington station to reach cornwall . but mr cameron is still trailing ed miliband 's labour party nationally . he did not appear to have enjoyed a good night 's sleep on the train .
barry beavis , 48 , lost his case at the court of appeal after judges ruled # 85 was not an ` excessively high ' penalty for staying too long in a car park . but appeal court judges decided size of fine was neither ` extravagant or unconscionable ' . motoring groups reacted in fury to decision accusing judges of being ` out of touch ' .
a staff member in doyle 's washington d.c. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted capitol police . the tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of room 239 of the cannon house office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on wednesday . the white substance was cause for concern after powdered anthrax was mailed to members of congress in 2001 following the september 11 attacks .
brawley-based acro aircraft seating has hand-stitched leather armrests , an aluminium chassis and composite materials . seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants . passengers who are willing to pay a little extra for a seat in premium economy -- which brings more legroom and some of the perks of business class .
ana figueroa , 55 , has spoken out for the first time since her son nicholas , 23 , died in a gas explosion on new york city 's 2nd avenue last month . the young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi restaurant when three buildings in the east village were destroyed . in april , a plumber allegedly admitted to law enforcement that he created an illegal gas connection in the building .
paul the apostle may have been a falling meteor 2,000 years ago . descriptions of the fireball streaked across the sky above chelyabinsk in russia in 2013 . scientists have already uncovered more than 12 pieces from lake chebarkul . but only five of them turned out being real meteor .
peter mandelson 's boast that labour was practically ` sending out search parties ' for migrants . mess took 13 years to create - and over the past five years we have been working to turn this around . economic migration from outside the eu has been capped at 20,700 skilled professionals a year .
the 23-year-old founder of the whole pantry app came clean about her circumstances . she asked her former fans and customers who purchased her app and books to see her as only ` human ' . leading psychologist jo lamble said this is a common reaction from people who are suffering from anti-social personality and narcissism disorders .
matt dunford , 30 , bombarded brazilian model amanda branco with 50 messages a day . tried to blackmail her out of # 5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down . when she refused to pay the bodybuilder , from leighton buzzard in bedfordshire , he mocked-up an escort website profile on facebook and sent it to her mother and sister .
theresa dybalski , a retired insurance company from lackawanna , new york , received a lump-sum payment of $ 522,822 after taxes from her $ 1million winnings last month . so she plans to share her winnings with family members of her friend , who has not been named .
the image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called westerlund 2 inside a stellar ` breeding ground ' called gum 29 , 20,000 light-years from earth . in the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars .
david cameron puts it on st george 's day we should celebrate everything it is to be english . from the romans , saxons and normans many hundreds of years ago to those from africa , the indian sub-continent and the philippines today . femail reveals the seemingly very english things that have actually been brought to england by people from abroad .
amelia morton , 23 , from birmingham , weighed 12-and-a-half stone . was told by her father : ` boys do n't fancy fat girls ' . spent almost # 1,000 on food in her first few months of university . dropped four dress sizes since ditching takeaways .
stacey tipler , 33 , used her job to steal # 642,000 from royal marsden nhs trust . she spent on designer shopping sprees , mortgage payments and planned wedding . but she and partner scott chaplin , 34 , were caught and jailed last summer . judge anthony leonard qc said tipler had made # 54,852 from the scheme .
figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year . from a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade . theodora hawksley , 29 , joined the congregation of jesus in january and is now living in their house in willesden , north london .
a host of failings left gangs free to rape , traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children in the town between 1997 and 2013 . the nca said the police force did not use ` alternative strategies ' to protect victims or gather evidence . the review was launched last december in the wake of the damning jay report , which exposed widespread failures of the council , police and social services in tackling child sex exploitation .
robert bates , 73 , appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of eric harris . since the incident there have been allegations bates was not properly trained and it is now emerged that when previously confronted by other deputies over his behavior , he told them he could do whatever he wanted .
40 per cent of britons have lied about their earnings , spending , bills or credit cards . 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner 's finances . one in five have lied to a partner about what they earn . four per cent have overstated it and another four % admit to lying in both ways .
graeme whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the lyrid meteor shower . the annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe . the strength of the showers vary from year to year and most years there are no more than five to 20 meteors an hour .
candlestick park , which has been home to the san francisco 49ers , has been torn down to make way for houses , a hotel and a shopping center . in 55 years there was a lot of wind and a whole lot of fog , but there were also remarkable moments thanks to the music of the beatles .
louis tomlinson , 23 , pictured in disheveled state clutching glass of water . pictured returning to london 's cirque du soir nightclub at 4am this morning . it is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after zayn malik quit band .
the meteor shower , visible around the world , has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour . and the cosmic show will continue on into saturday , so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors if you did n't last night .
the teacher , who had not been named , was teaching the fifth grade at hawthorne elementary in albuquerque , new mexico , when he made the chilling remark around a week ago . some students were so distressed by what they heard , that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher , abc7 reported .
care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses . these include changing catheter and colostomy bags , feeding through a tube and even administering morphine . almost a quarter -- 24 per cent -- giving medication such as morphine and insulin had received no training while 27 per cent said they were not trained in working with dementia patients .
layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with sgt. mcdonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an ak-47 . despite being injured , layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory .
ellie laing , sbs news and current affairs director of sbs , was reported to be taking a more ` commercial ' approach to the network by hiring ` good-looking , female , anglo-celtic ' journalists . while carroll denies he is hiring based on these standards , many of the journalists hired since his appointment in 2013 have fit the above bill .
a psychology expert has confirmed that shopping at ikea can be a serious source of friction between a couple , thanks to the high levels of stress caused by both activities . ramani durvasula , a clinical psychologist in santa monica , california , said the store literally becomes a map of a relationship nightmare .
lawyers for the parents of michael brown announced wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of ferguson . brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer , darren wilson , in a st. louis suburb in august 2014 . brown 's shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national ` black lives matter ' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities .
richard symonds , 29 , is one of the uk 's top administrators for the website . he was accused of using anonymous user id to delete embarrassing facts . but yesterday it emerged the senior wikipedia administrator was a former lib-dem member . symonds said he was not being political and had ` clear direction ' .
janet and john brennan bought barnholm castle in dumfries and galloway . they reputed to have been used by leader of the scottish protestant reformation john knox as a hiding place . but now it is on the market for offers over # 695,000 even though at that price the couple will lose a six-figure sum .
images show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world . one image shows fighters from the sawt al-haq -lrb- voice of rights -rrb- battalion of the free syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in aleppo . another shows female north korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of yalu river , near the town of sinuiju , close to the border with china .
the animal became stuck in the quagmire during the night and was lying on her side in a state of desperation when locals came across her . using only ropes and wooden poles , more than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the wild asian elephant before she died of starvation , dehydration or exhaustion .
multi-millionaire has given the tories # 375,000 since 2008 -- including # 50,000 in the first week of the election campaign . revelation will raise fresh questions for david cameron over his links to millionaire donors . mr harpin is the chief executive of homeserve , the maintenance firm which styles itself as the uk 's ` fifth emergency service ' .
willa junior is the seattle-tacoma baggage handler who fell asleep in the cargo hold of a plane earlier this month . he woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head . the airport worker , who appears to be in his early 20s according to facebook , would n't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane .
security researchers have found a way to intercept a person 's fingerprints on a samsung galaxy s5 running android 4.4 and older . fingerprint scanners are often touted as the future of security and an alternative to the notoriously flawed password . experts have discovered they may not be as secure as first thought after a number of android devices , including samsung 's galaxy s 5 .
bruce cook , who owns kaktus point charolais stud at lake charm in northwest victoria , told daily mail australia that police told him to pull down the model after they received a complaint about the offensive nature of the sculpture . he said many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos . but he has refused to do so and further ` told the copper to p * ss off ' despite police warning that mr cook could be charged with ` publishing pornographic
ilha de mana is a 15-minute boat ride from paraty , and three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from rio de janeiro . the island boasts four chalets over crystal clear water , with air-conditioned rooms to beat the sweltering heat , a heliport and a swimming pool carved into the rock .
jade and aaron badland asked asian family if they had ebola . they were too drunk to remember what they had done at premier inn . the 24-year-old bomb disposal officer was wearing his army uniform . both newlyweds pleaded guilty to assault and were ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work .
patrick revins , 49 , sold # 10-worth of class a drug to policeman in november 2013 . detective was able to identify who sold him the drugs - as revins has ` p ' and ` r ' tattooed on either side of his forehead . revins admitted supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail .
researchers at the university of bath and yale university created the invention . it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolysis . water splitting is an electro-chemical process in which two electrodes generate oxygen and hydrogen from water . the process splits water into hydrogen and oxygen but , while the first part can be done quite efficiently , the latter was more difficult and lots of energy is lost .
anne jarmain , 86 , was found at 7pm on wednesday ; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to crossed cessnock road . her family and friends are in shock , with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet , ` strong-willed ' woman to stay at home . after two days without power and with limited food supplies , she insisted on making a ` quick trip ' into town .
prime minister posed with telescopic device to take photo with staff at pirate fm . he was presented with cornish t-shirts emblazoned ` if you can smell my pasty , you 're too close ' . mr cameron said it was nice to have a night without the children or mrs cameron nudging him in the ribs .
the man was located after operation resolve launched the appeal on thursday . photographs show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed . they form part of an ongoing home office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster . police say the ` unusual ' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of victims ' families .
union barons gave more than # 700,000 to labour in the second week of the election campaign . overall , labour received # 1.1 million in donations between april 6 and april 12 . unison handed over # 311,875 , usdaw # 300,480 and len mccluskey 's unite a further # 112,000 .
kate , 22 , is on an extremely strict diet and exercise regime . lives by the abc rule : no alcohol , bread or processed carbohydrates . goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene of photo shoot . she eats lean and green meals every day , with only the occasional ` cheat day ' .
edward ronayne was awarded # 9,000 in compensation after wife 's botched surgery . she was left ` looking like michelin man ' following the hysterectomy in 2008 . her husband julie was awarded the damages from liverpool women 's nhs foundation trust in july 2013 .
an associate dean of students at the university of virginia said wednesday a widely discredited rolling stone article caused her professional and personal harm by portraying her as insensitive and unresponsive to an alleged victim of a gang rape . nicole p. eramo said in an open letter wednesday to the magazine 's publisher , jann s. wenner , that the magazine has not done enough to make amends . ` using me as the personification of a heartless administration , the rolling stone article
fifa m. maacaron 's book , natural beauty alchemy , contains over 100 ingredients which treat all-manner of skincare ailments such as acne , oil and dryness . sesame oil is another beneficial natural ingredient , containing antioxidants and is well-tolerated by most skin types .
officer ben johnson , who has been on the force four years , was answering reports of a drunk woman inside deluxe nails at a strip mall in red rock on tuesday . when he arrived , he contained 27-year-old viviana keith , who was walking toward her car , and began handcuffing her . johnson claims the woman started resisting him , forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down , however video taken on his cash cam and by a person
the bum rush on the non-profit came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity 's fundraising practices . hillary and chelsea clinton foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents .
tiffany williams and jessica versey , both 19 and from chester , cheshire , went into remission around the same time . they then took to social media to post images of themselves . they were reported for being ` offensive ' and were cleared of hodgkin lymphoma .
stephen munden , 54 , has been missing since 6.15 pm on tuesday . he was last seen leaving a hospital , near hook , hampshire . officers have launched a manhunt to find him , who was detained under mental health act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl .
immigration controls in australia are so tough that asylum seekers are rejected on board naval warships at sea before being returned immediately . australian prime minister matteo renzi said his country was ` at war ' with migrant traffickers , describing them as ` the slave traders of the 21st century ' . the eu leaders will hold a crisis summit in brussels today to agree a strategy after up to 900 were killed when a fishing boat from libya capsized . critics believe millions of impoverished af
organiser told white people and men ` not to come ' as it was only open to bme -lsb- black and minority ethnic -rsb- women . organisers claim to promote ` zero tolerance ' for ` all forms of prejudice , discrimination and oppression ' . students ' union backed down after backlash from students .
women diagnosed with breast cancer caused by the gene carried by angelina jolie could be helped to beat the disease if they have their ovaries removed as she did . a study indicates that following the example of the hollywood star cuts their risk of dying from breast cancer by more than 60 per cent . miss j olie had the procedure , known as an oophorectomy , in march . two years before , she had a double mastectomy as she carried the brca1 gene variant
the president opened his speech on the south lawn by remarking ` that whole -lrb- deflategate -rrb- story got blown out of proportion , ' referring to an investigation that 11 out of 12 footballs used in the afc championship game were under-inflated . the president also quipped that he wished chicago could learn something from boston 's championship-winning ways .
facebook has launched a new app called hello to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear . it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user 's facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers . the free app is currently in testing and is only available on android devices in the us .
the move comes after federal communications commission decided that merger was n't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like disney and 21st century fox . bloomberg , followed by the new york times , reported thursday afternoon that comcast is planning to ` walk away ' from the deal rather than fight it out with the federal government . an announcement from the telecoms giant , already the biggest cable company in the country , could come
russian scientist says distant ancestor of humans had tentacles . they lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food . it 's likely they also had complex nervous system like we do today . this is the latest research conducted by the department of invertebrate zoology at the faculty of biology of the lomonosov moscow state university .
maria sidorova and lidia fetisova kissed the 650kg bear in a forest . organisers wanted to highlight importance of living ` side-by-side ' with bears . but in one picture , a model was shown wearing a fur coat . the same model is seen wearing a swimming costume .
christian tyrrell , 22 , was arrested wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the march 19 death of 2-year-old adrian langlais . john winkler and laura martinez considered themselves adrian 's grandparents , even though they were n't blood related to the little boy .
london mayor insists position would not become vacant for five years . but he finally conceded : ` it would be a wonderful thing to be thought to be in a position to be considered for such an honour ' . mr johnson , running to become mp in uxbridge and south ruislip , has long been tipped as a future leader of the party .
nasa has put together a team of ` extraterrestrial experts ' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable . and it says that amateur astronomers could help with its ` unprecedented ' search for et by accessing research data online . the initiative , dubbed nexus for exoplanet system science -lrb- nexss -rrb- , will include scientists from 10 universities including stanford , the university of california and yale .
the high landings fees give an insight into some of the most unexpectedly popular transport hubs for the rich and famous . owning a private jet is a luxury only afford to the wealthy , and you 'll need to be to continually fork out for landing charges which can reach thousands every time . the busiest weekends unsurprisingly occur during huge sporting events , with the super bowl in america and the monaco grand prix the priciest times of year to fly .
charlene fritz , 35 , was visiting snow hill island in the antarctic peninsula . she made an unusual friend on the beach despite being no more than two months old , the elephant seal pup is still thought to have weighed around 200lbs . she had never even eaten a fish at that point in her life .
new book claims king juan carlos ii had a long-running affair with a german socialite during the final decade of his reign . but if felipe and letizia were upset about the revelations , they certainly were n't showing it as they arrived at the university of alcala de henares to present the cervantes prize for literature .
the four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost dinnigan $ 4.45 million back in 2009 . the two-storey terrace home was built in 1880 , and is set on 379 square metres of prime paddington real estate . the international designer and her husband carefully renovated the property to be ` very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style ' .
video filmed at an undisclosed location in china sees the woman demand that the man pays compensation for her damaged phone as she slaps him in the middle of a busy road . despite the elderly man promising to pay her back once he has the means to do so , she continues to berate him in front of witnesses .
bethune-cookman university student damian parks , 22 , was reported missing after going swimming with student s at 3am on sunday . his body was found monday morning . students who were with parks , who were all part of a step team called melodic stepping experience , which formed last year , said no hazing was involved .
` labour party is our party . we built it , to serve us , the people never forget , the rich and powerful have their party , the tories , . and ukip is no friend -- they are frauds , charlatans who will roll back every advance won by working people .
the grade i listed walton canonry has been home to prominent figures of the church and the arts for nearly 300 years . the painting inspired by oils he painted on many visits to the exclusive area in the 1820s , now on show at the national museum of wales , cardiff . it was named after isaac walton , son of the writer izaak who wrote the compleat angler .
institute for fiscal studies analysed policies of all main parties to see how policies would increase borrowing . ifs warned promise of tackling deficit in next parliament is based on ` almost entirely unspecified spending cuts and tax increases ' . chancellor george osborne and ed balls accused of not spelling out how they will tackle the deficit .
the pilot scheme is launching in munich next month and amazon has teamed up with audi and dhl to run the initiative . during the checkout process , prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map under delivery options . as soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically , and the code is revoked .
abc released a fourth promo video on thursday ahead of the airing of his sit-down interview with diane sawyer . the 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting sawyer at his home . bruce is the ex-husband of kardashian matriarch kris jenner , appears somewhat anxious as he tells the sawyer : ` it 's going to be an emotional rollercoaster , but somehow i 'm gon na
seven decades on and in the twilight of their lives , these former ss guards who ruled the human slaughterhouse auschwitz with an iron fist will go to their graves having escaped justice . of the 3,700 women who served at nazi death camps , just three were investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder .
the 20,000 sq ft main stage hosted the likes of metallica , the dead kennedy 's and r.e.m. before motorhead 's fatal performance on december 2 1984 . since then , a photographer has captured a collection of eery images offering a fascinating glimpse into music history .
nicola sturgeon hit out at people questioning why she does n't have children . snp leader said predecessor alex salmond did not have to field questions . also attacked criticism she and other female politicians ' have had to endure . she said she would never be asked if she was a man .
avi beefnah , 34 , parked his white audi a5 outside the dealership in chelmsford , essex , in february as a warning to other buyers . two months later and mr beefnah 's protest is still there , with the owner claiming that audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car .
stefania la greca , 36 , is a political candidate for the lega sud ausoni party . she is hoping to represent caldoro in campania , southern italy after may 's regional elections . she has posted dozens of pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis .
the gender price gap website has revealed nine products that have identical female versions which cost more . bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits , advertising a button-up shirt , that comes in both ` summer blue ' and ` blue denim ' colour options . the exact same shirt advertised under the men 's clothing section is advertised for only $ 49.95 . other examples highlighted on the website , which show price increases by as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females
andrew stewart wood , 41 , of havant , hampshire , was accused of urinating into an ice machine at the hard rock hotel in the early hours of tuesday . a guest reportedly told a security guard at the luxury hotel that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises . wood was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail where he continued to act out .
ali maffucci , 28 , lost 11 kg in three months through replacing pasta , bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables . after eating courgette noodles recommended by her mother , she took to the internet with her blog inspiralized , where she began creating and sharing recipes using spiralized vegetables . she decided to try adopt a novel way to lose weight .
omar hussain , 27 , regularly makes videos and posts on social media . last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes . in his latest video the former morrisons security guard , who used to live at home with his mother and has not managed to get himself a jihadi bride .
karlis bardelis , 30 , from latvia , was attempting to scale the cliff in coire an lochain , scotland , when the accident happened . and footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose . mr berdalis said : ' i was just thinking `` i hope i land somewhere soft and do n't break any bones ' .
nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse scott working on his car . but while she was gone , the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle fell off its jack - crushing his chest . she ran into the garage where she found mr mayhew underneath the ford explorer .
maurice van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . his wife louise was at the court on thursday and successfully applied to alter a freezing order . the wealthy nsw businessman is now allowed to sell his property to support his wife and pay off legals debts .
 foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons . dubbed a hydrafacial , the treatment , costs around $ 150 -lrb- # 100 -rrb- and uses stem cell from an infant 's foreskin , is currently available in new york . the treatment involves a cleansing process using salicylic-and-a-half-year-olds .
james creag , 11 , suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria . his victims are nicknamed ` real-life vampires ' because their skin can not be exposed to direct sunlight . but when strangers shouted out abuse such as ` chocolate face ' and ` you 're coloured ' because of his unusual appearance , he refused to wear it any more .
meghan blalock , 29 , has opened up about going from a super skinny size two to a ` healthy ' size ten . in a new article published on her website , the editor reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin and how being thinner did not equal being happier .
the paleo diet has been one of the hottest diet trends around , with celebrity followers taking on the lifestyle . the dieticians association of australia said the reworked formula still presents a threat to babies . the original recipe for the ` brew ' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin a for babies .
the 28-year-old girls star has penned an essay for seventeen magazine titled ` why i 'm on team weirdo for life ' . in which she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a ` regular ' girl by altering her appearance . ' i was so obsessed with my pet rabbit that i fed her bananas from my mouth ' .
archaeologists have discovered evidence that neanderthals regularly inhabited the cave of llenes , near senterada in catalonia , around 200,000 years ago . the remains of other canivores including cave bears , hyenas , leopards , wolves and badgers have been found in the cave .
 travel photographer rhiannon taylor , 29 , from australia has turned her social media success into a growing company . the avid instagrammer has more than 12,000 followers on instagram , liking her beautiful photos of her travels . she also works with companies who sell travel products , such as luggage and swimwear .
cameron 's party , on 36 per cent of the vote , has moved ahead in the last fortnight as labour , the liberal democrats and ukip have all slipped . the tory vote share equals their highest since march 2012 . labour is on 32 per cent and the liberal democrat democrats on eight per cent .
supermodel jennifer sky , 38 , from brooklyn , new york , says thin models are now resorting to wearing weighted spanx in order to cheat the new bmi standards . an anonymous model said she participated in spanish fashion week , sometime after the country passed its new weight law in 2006 .
the sony world photography award winners were announced at a gala in london last night . they were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture , arts and culture . omu fahnbulleh stands over her husband ibrahim after he fell and died in a classroom used for ebola patients in liberia last year .
thibaud jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , pleaded guilty to animal cruelty . footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire with an aerosol can and a lighter on rottnest island on april 3 . the pair appeared before fremantle magistrate 's court last friday and were ordered to pay $ 4000 .
police in texas unleashed their cowboy skills this week after a pony broke loose on the highway . the incident took place around 10am on tuesday along interstate 35w in fort worth , with traffic backed up as a result . in the end it was steered into a clear space , allowing authorities to get close .
former u.s. army general avoided jail time at the hearing in charlotte , north carolina on thursday and was instead sentenced to two years probation . he was also fined $ 100,000 - more than double the $ 40,000 attorneys had requested . while petraeus had agreed two months ago to plead guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material .
out of 17 bingo halls tested seven showed traces of cocaine in toilets . majority of visitors are elderly , and results mirror spike in oaps being treated for drug abuse . figures from public health england show 634 pensioners over 65 treated for substance abuse in the last year , a rise of 20 per cent in a year .
janet street-porter reveals her list of things that are making her unhappy . there is anything less attractive than a man 's chin covered by a thick mat of hair ? god forbid you get close enough to snog anyone sprouting a beard that makes them look like a sixties folk singer or an extra from a remake of moses .
the mother-of-one , 26 , has earned # 5million in the last year . she has kept her place at the top of the list of britain 's richest musicians . ed sheeran , 24 , has enjoyed the year 's biggest rise . sam smith , 22 , is a new entry with # 12million .
the deputy who answered thought it was a prank . it was n't . moore escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s . he eventually settled into a quiet life , living in kentucky since at least 2009 . his health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking .
warning graphic content . the shocking images were taken in isis-held territory in the province of homs . they show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis . they pummeling them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks . they were hurriedly shared online by isis sympathisers who claim the images reveal the terrorists ' compassionate side .
sevdet besim , 14 , was remanded in custody to youth detention accommodation in the north of england after district judge emma arbuthnot turned down a bail application . he appeared in court today wearing a grey tracksuit to answer two charges of inciting terrorism overseas , which both date between march 15 and 26 this year .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show wednesday evening and wasted no time calling on jimmy fallon for his weight jokes . after fallon told governor christie he ` looked great , ' the new jersey politician asked him ; ` if i look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? ' then , to make amends , fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream .
bright yellow gatso had previously enforced 30mph speed limit for motorists . but it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands . around 300 speed and traffic camera were turned off across the region in march 2013 . in there place , speed enforcement operations have been carried out by a small number of mobile camera units , fixed cameras on motorways and traffic officers on patrol .
bettie jo , from houston , texas , lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce , and was unable to care for herself . but josh has admitted he did n't support the 24-year-old with her bid to lose weight because he feared if she became slimmer , she would n't need him anymore . in my 600lb life , which airs tonight on tlc .
the celebrity chef lives in los angeles with his actress wife lindsay price and their two boys , hudson , aged three and seven-month-old emerson , is not about to let junk food pass their mouths . stone says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food .
in 1990 , immigrants accounted for just 7.9 per cent of u.s. population could grow to 417million by 2016 . in 2010 the population was 306million . without a change to immigration policty , immigrants who arrive in the future and their descendants could account for three quarters of future u.n. population .
the ultimate bear safari tracks polar bears , grizzly bears and spirit bears in arctic canada , the arctic circle , alaska and british columbia . the adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world 's most elusive and enchanting wildlife .
the loose women panellist aired her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers . she said that ` unhealthy lifestyles ' should not be ` facilitated ' , and now the plus-size industry has taken to social media to share their own views . critics and the public have spoken out after jamelia said that obese women ` should feel uncomfortable ' about their unhealthy size .
scientists in the netherlands were using the lofar radio telescope . they found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays . the method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds . high in the atmosphere , the rays strike atmospheric molecules and create ` showers ' of elementary particles - the smallest known to exist .
last year uk sales overtook those of champagne for the first time . it 's been a long time coming , but it was barely known beyond well-travelled wine lovers . one uk wine importer tried to sell it in the late eighties : ` this is delicious -- i 'm sure people will buy it ' .
andrew hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic and assaulted others at john radcliffe hospital oxford . the 29-year-old was convicted of 23 separate charges last month including making indecent images of children outraging public decency and voyeurism . he was taken into custody at oxford crown court and is due to be sentenced next week .
researchers at the university of huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins . the breakthrough may eradicate a stumbling block which has often meant it was impossible to tell which of the pair was guilty of a crime . identical twins start life with the same genes because they come from the same fertilised egg which divides into two embryos .
carl bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze , which was started by a candle in his palmerston north rental property last month . the 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend , suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm . he awoke to the screams of his partner in the early hours of march 14 as the house they were sleeping in was engulfed in flames .
andrew steele pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the august 22 shooting deaths of his 39-year-old wife , ashlee steele . defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged steele 's brain , making him not criminally responsible for the deaths .
manuel valls : ` numerous attacks had already been foiled - five if you take into account the attack which happily did not take place at -lsb- paris suburb -rsb- villejuif ' . comments follow arrest of 24-year-old student sid ahmed ghlam , 24 , who was allegedly preparing to storm catholic churches with an armoury of weapons .
alison saunders , the director of public prosecutions , said she was ` not afraid ' of a legal challenge because she is convinced the labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia . in her first interview since she announced lord janner would not face trial she refused to quit because ` making the right decision is not a resigning issue ' .
the clinton foundation and the clinton health access initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years . the charity and its donors have been under intense scrutiny in recent weeks . republican critics say the . foundation makes clinton vulnerable to undue influence .
mountain calbuco , in southern chile , is believed to be among the three most dangerous of chile 's 90 active volcanoes . an estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of ensenada after the eruption , while several smaller townships were also cleared .
anika stanford arrived at leeton police station on thursday morning to meet with police officers . she left 45 minutes later with a detective in a silver sedan and was taken back to the home she shared with her son , vincent , and another son , luke . ms scott disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance aaron leeson-woolley .
henry rayhons , 78 , was accused of having sex with his wife donna lou . she had been told her dementia and alzheimers meant she no longer had capacity to decide for herself . mr rayhon served 18 years as a republican member of the iowa house .
bbc accused of dumbing down the proms by holding an ibiza-style dance party . this year 's proms will include a late-night concert hosted by dj pete tong . it will take place on july 29 , coinciding with the 20th anniversary of radio 1 's broadcasts from ibiza .
the man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states , including parts of alabama , arkansas , colorado , kansas , new mexico , ohio , oklahoma and texas . earthquakes , they said , were sometimes caused by fracking , in which large volumes of water , sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas .
deputy finance minister dimitras mardas set alarm bells ringing yesterday when he declared the country had been ` running on empty ' since february . with a debt repayment deadline looming on may 1 , greece faces the deeply damaging prospect of having to snub its own employees to make a $ 200m payment to the international monetary fund .
canadian jake malone flew more than 6,000 miles from vancouver to shenzhenand . he turned himself into a walking billboard in a desperate bid to track down his online ` lover ' . the 60-year-old has spent more than 11,000 yuan -lrb- # 1,100 -rrb- paying for a visit .
fiona ` kitty ' carroll was at kemah boardwalk marina as her father worked on his boat on wednesday but when he checked on the girl ` after a brief moment ' , she was gone . her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl , khou reported . the girl 's father contacted police around 6pm to report that she had disappeared near the edge of the pier . authorities launched sea , land and air searches with the help
us alcohol regulators have approved plans for beer brewed from human waste . production of the beer has been approved by alcohol regulators in oregon , us . the company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers . there will only be ten barrels of beer made and it wo n't be available in shops .
darren jones seen stepping away from podium in front of worried audience . 28-year-old approached presenter ellie pitt , taking off his glasses . channel was forced to cut to commercials as programme was delayed for nine minutes . later said he had not been feeling well for a while before fainting .
kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy . investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom .
ivan balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in novokuznetsk , southern russia when he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake reebok top . but after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough , the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security . he was found guilty and given a three month suspended sentence .
koby hodder 's heart stopped for 12 minutes after he collapsed while running around with friends during the morning break . he was playing british bulldog , a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the ` bulldogs ' .
the stunning jewels auction is expected to raise in excess of # 53million . it includes a pink diamond worth # 8million , a sapphire worth # 2.7 million . a christie 's employee wears the maria christina royal devant-de-corsage brooch . the ring was presented as a wedding gift from king alfonso xii of spain to his wife .
deborah kane , from tyldesley , manchester , had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain . the 46-year-old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in lanzarote when she was 15 . debbie went on to have two children , annabel , now 14 , and charlie , eight .
jeremy clarkson , james may and richard hammond held talks with top gear executive producer andy wilman . comes just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the bbc . it means mr wilman is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel .
the eiffel tower , on the champ de mars , was opened in 1889 and has come to define the french capital . the arc de triomphe was constructed in 1806 and is the centrepiece of place charles de gaulle at the end of the champs-lyses .
the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $ 23trillion in 2009 , combination of tax and real estate data in a paper published by the commerce department as revealed . researchers estimated that land , minus all the buildings , roads and trees on top of it , achieved its peak value of $ 26.2 trillion in 2006 .
two ambulances were sent to epping forest after caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel . another man said he had dropped his burger and it is bleeding . a third woman dialled 999 to report ` i 've eaten too much takeaway food ' .
alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day . footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path . luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills .
lyvette crespo , 43 , entered the plea to a grand jury indictment . she was ordered held on $ 150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted . the killing came after the late mayor 's years of domestic abuse , the widow claims . the widow says those claims are all a lie .
mohammad ali jawad , 56 , allegedly dimmed the lights , shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of julio iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts . to the strains of the spanish singer crooning on his iphone , he is claimed to have asked her : ` do you see me as a man or a surgeon ? ' .
the first black woman to become the top u.s. law enforcement official , lynch , 55 , was approved by a 56-43 vote . he was the only member of the senate who did not cast a vote . a copy of a cruz for president invitation later began flying around twitter that showed the gop presidential candidate had skipped town early to make an appearance at a fundraiser at the home of former texas rangers owner and billionaire tom hicks .
the celebrity doctor did n't pull any punches in thursday 's episode of the dr. oz show which was called the truth about his critics . the 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at college of physicians .
russell ` rusty ' yates , who has since remarried and has a son , slammed his ex-wife 's murder trial , claiming it was the ` cruelest thing he had ever witnessed ' . he insisted her actions were ` completely a result of her illness ' . the mother from clear lake , texas , systematically drowned noah , 7 ; john , 5 ; paul , 3 ; luke 2 ; and mary , 6 months , in their home in june 2001
cardinal francis george was remembered thursday as a man of deep faith , intellect and compassion as catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation 's third-largest archdiocese . george also did n't hesitate to speak his mind , even if it was unscripted and , at times , controversial , said seattle archbishop j. peter sartain .
antoni van leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment . he took three lice , nestled them among the hairs of his calf , rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and then left the stocking on and did not bathe for six days .
the time-honoured recipe may not quite cut if for you and your family on april 25 . femail asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic anzac biscuit recipe , from sugar-free , to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version .
the sign was written in black marker pen this series of mysterious cardboard signs . they were first spotted by residents in milford , near godalming , on tuesday . in total around seven hand-written messages were put up on lampposts and street signs . desperate measures appeared to work for one unlucky man in october last year .
david cameron pledged to deliver effective ` home rule ' for england . mr cameron said in the interests of fairness english mps must be given a veto on legislation that no longer applies in scotland . the plan is likely to trigger a row with labour , which opposes the idea of an english veto .
a dozen native american actors walked off the set of adam sandler 's new movie the ridiculous 6 on wednesday . the film stars sandler , taylor lautner , nick nolte and steve buscemi . indian media network spoke to one of the actors who walked off , navajo nation tribal member loren anthony .
brock guzman of fairfield , california , was briefly kidnapped as he slept in the family car while it was stolen from their driveway . paul claims he shows police throwing his wife suzanne on the ground in handcuffs just moments after they reported their son missing . this after suzanne refused to let the officers into their home , something paul says she was doing for their own safety .
ahmed gaddaf al-dam , a former minister and the late muammar gaddafi 's cousin , said the ` overwhelming chaos ' in libya ` has become a shame that will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the libyan armed forces in 2011 ' . senior conservative minister william hague has defended the government 's role in helping to overthrow the dictator .
the bombshell allegation is that juan carlos was romancing corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein and was so smitten with her that he even contemplated divorcing his wife , sofia . romero , a former royal correspondent for the el mundo daily , said at the book 's launch in madrid : ` what do you see ? well , the double life which obviously has not gone well ' .
the troubled star was arrested on march 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from bicton to mosman park , in perth . first class constable daniel jamieson is accused of divulging information that gave her a particular advantage , wa today reports . the 29-year-old was stood down immediately and has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between march 11 and 17 , 2015 .
john hinckley jr. has been dating a woman he met at a national association for the mentally ill meeting . this was revealed by his brother scott during a hearing to determine if he should be able to permanently live outside st. elizabeth 's hospital in washington and instead with his mother , where he has resided 17 days out of the month since december 2013 .
nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane . footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt . even after his 12th push-up , the fitness-enthusiast shows no sign of slowing down .
the owner was left devastated after his # 80,000 911 carrera was crushed by a builder 's lorry . both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road and police were rushing to attend the scene . onlooker said : ` it was obviously his pride and joy ' .
bruce davis , 72 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald ` shorty ' shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972 . he was 30 years old at the time and now : charles manson 's former follower , has been denied parole after spending 43 years in prison for a double homicide in 1969 . gov. jerry brown rejected that decision in august , saying factors in his favor were outweighed by
former ss sergeant oskar groening told the lueneburg state court on thursday during the third day of his trial . he is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder . the 93-year-old 's answer came in response to a question from attorneys representing auschwitz survivors who have joined the trial .
david billing , 48 , had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at royal derby hospital . surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue . doctors then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from mr billing 's arm . he now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved .
letters show brooke was in fact a slightly caddish womaniser who had a string of affairs without ever settling down . the letters are part of the john schroder collection , which has spent decades in private hands but will now be available to the public after being bought by king 's college .
a waterfall gushing over the harbour bridge , a man surfing waves in front of the opera house and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station . social media users were scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during new south wales ' worst storm in a decade . eagle-eyed twitter users pointed out that the large trampoline believed to have blown into the sky in the cyclone-strength gusts in nsw was actually a victim of hurricane sandy in milford ,
mark west , 32 , pleaded guilty to the improper relationship while working at spring high school in spring , texas . he had previously said the girl instigated the moment , seducing him by saying she was ` feeling horny ' . but despite the light punishment , the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment .
chris early , who owns a production company in knoxville , tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too . the tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning session to abc news , showing how he is now able monitor his child 's whereabouts from the skies .
the german banking giant will pay $ 2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates , us and british authorities said on thursday . ` deutsche bank secretly conspired with its competitors to rig the benchmark interest rates at the heart of the global financial system , ' said us assistant attorney general bill baer .
thousands of broken televisions , computers , microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to african countries and dumped gigantic landfills like agbogbloshie in ghana . 41 million tonnes of ` e-waste ' worth over # 34billion were discarded globally in 2014 , according to a shocking report by united nations university .
the 69-year-old was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes at the mrs merton show and was sentenced to three months ' imprisonment , suspended for two years . at a costs application hearing today , the former radio presenter was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial .
lindsay lohan , 28 , shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics . has recently started showing rapid signs of ageing , including lines and over-plumped lips . johnny depp shot to stardom as a teen idol due to his dark and mysterious looks .
the gang began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from guanghui temple in zhengdin county , north china at the start of february . while serving snacks to the public at the front of the building , a team on the inside was hard at work with shovels , ladders , and power drills . the gang was just 20 metres away from breaching the hua pagoda when they were caught .
joan cheever , the founder of the chow train non-profit food truck , was serving hot meals out of her personal pickup , which she has been using as a delivery truck . on april 7 , san antonio police officers issued a citation and a $ 2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck . after writing out the citation , the officers allowed cheever and her volunteers to continue distributing the meals .
brittney griner and fiancee johnson , both 24 , were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on wednesday afternoon . several people at the couple 's home tried to stop griner , who is 6 ' 8 '' , and johnson from fighting after an argument turned physical . johnson 's sister ultimately called cops to help break up the fight after the couple started throwing things at each other in the living room .
ruben blundell 's brother theo was four days overdue when his mother finally went into labour in the middle of the night . left with no time to get to the hospital , the family had to deliver the baby at home - and ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and even telling his mother to breathe . michelle madden , 30 , of rhos on sea , conwy , wales , said it was something natural and not to be scared .
michelle carter , 18 , looked glum as she appeared in court in new bedford on thursday accused of encouraging the death of conrad roy iii , who gassed himself in his truck in fairhaven last july . during the hearing her defense attorney requested the case be moved out of bristol county , saying it 's ` impossible ' for carter to receive a fair trial in the area because the district attorney is the victim 's third cousin .
the move will set up a high-profile showdown over clinton 's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state . south carolina republican rep. trey gowdy said he wants clinton to testify the week of may 18 and again before june 18 .
girl avoided serious injury from the colourless corrosive substance as a result of the quick thinking actions of staff at hounsdown school in southampton , hampshire . an investigation was immediately launched into the incident that is understood to have been a classroom prank . a student took a sip from a water bottle into which other students had put a small amount of hydrochloric acid .
the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door . more than 200 people were found queuing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals when the ribbon was cut . ivy and brian bacon came all the way from basford in nottingham and queued from 10pm last night .
kate temple was called a ` homewrecker ' by victim shelley williams who accused her of having an affair with her partner . the 33-year-old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink from the bar where she was refused . she was jailed for 20 months after admitting inflicting grievous bodily harm .
aaron hernandez , 25 , was moved wednesday to the maximum-security souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley , massachusetts . he had been at cedar junction prison in walpole since he was convicted april 15 of killing 27-year-old odin lloyd in 2013 . the facility has 366 cameras recording live 24 hours a day and a microwave detection perimeter with taut wire .
doug hughes , 61 , is ` lucky to be alive ' and ` should have been blown out of the air , ' rep. jason chaffetz said . security tracked hughes as he approached the capitol last week after taking off from gettysburg , pennsylvania . the stunt was aimed at drawing attention to campaign finance reform .
the actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with channel 4 in london to promote his new film avengers : age of ultron . when asked about his relationship with his father , downey jnr got up and says : ` i 'm sorry , i really do n't ... what are we doing ? ' before walking out .
college juniors emily clark , 20 , of powder springs , morgan bass and abbie deloach , 21 , of leesburg , died wednesday morning . a tractor-trailer plowed into traffic on interstate 16 , setting off a chain reaction . fellow students brittney mcdaniel , of loganville , survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries .
lawyers for brown 's parents , lesley mcspadden and michael brown sr. , filed the lawsuit at the st. louis county courthouse on thursday and called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence . the lawsuit is seeking $ 75,000 in compensation , as well as unspecified punitive damages , and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques ` that demean , disregard , or underserve its african-american population '
nigerian muslims on board the rickety craft ordered him to stop , saying : ` here , we only pray to allah ' . when he refused , a violent fight ensued and 12 christians drowned when they were thrown overboard by the muslim refugees . the tragic news comes amid reports that an unprecedented 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in africa have been rescued by italian ships .
jules bianchi crashed into a recovery vehicle at the japanese grand prix in october 2014 . the 25-year-old is in a coma but is ` fighting fiercely ' and his condition is stable . the marussia driver receives urgent medical treatment upon crashing at the suzuka circuit on october 5 .
steve cotterill has taken bristol city to the brink of a championship return after two seasons in league one . city have already won silverware this season in the shape of a johnstone 's paint trophy win last month . dean windass 's memorable winner for hull city in the 2008 championship play-off final might have cost city far more than just missing out on top .
emmanuel adebayor travelled in style to training earlier this year in a rolls royce phantom drophead coupe pulled into the car park . lewis is an infrequent visitor to england , exiled for tax and lifestyle purposes in the bahamas . results on the pitch had taken a bit of a downturn and there was an air of anticipation when the driver got out to open the door for his wealthy passenger .
andrea pirlo was called upon to start this quarter-final tie against monaco . czech referee pavel kralovec awarded a penalty for ricardo carvalho . arturo vidal struck home a penalty to give juventus the lead in the second half . the chile international let out a roar after giving his side the lead .
jay dasilva left luton town 's academy to make the 100-mile round trip , three or fours times a week , in their mum alison 's rover to chelsea 's cobham training base . dominic solanke scored in the fa youth cup final first leg victory over manchester city . ruben loftus-cheek will be with the first-team squad at the start of pre-season .
scott turner schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on the bold and the beautiful . it will mark the television acting debut of the actor , who is a performer , speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues .
middlesbrough beat watford 2-0 at home to rotherham united . lee tomlin and patrick bamford both missed a late penalty . but boro stayed fourth in the sky bet championship table . tomlin is mobbed by his team-mates after his fine solo effort gives them the lead .
brazilian won the competition three times in five seasons with los blancos , lifting the famous trophy in 1998 , 2000 and 2002 . here , carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against and explains why they 've made his champions league dream team . the attacking players need some competition when it comes to taking free kicks .
fulham will sound out brentford manager mark warburton about taking over at craven cottage . the championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of kit symons who replaced felix magath in september . fulham are conscious of fpp rules and with parachute payments from the premier league due to run out .
douglas bader , who lost his legs in a flying accident in 1941 , was shot down over france in august 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp in warburg . it was there that the officer , who always made light of his disability and refused to even use a stick , was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in the great escape starring steve mcqueen and richard attenborough . this latest look at
leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end . care assistant used her good looks to befriend poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants . granger was found guilty of manslaughter by a majority - but not guilty of murder . co-defendants kyrron jackson , 28 , and nicholas chandler , 29 ,
yannick bolasie completed his hat-trick for crystal palace in the 4-1 demolition of sunderland . gary cahill has responded to the challenge of fighting kurt zouma for his place in chelsea 's defence and looks to be winning the battle .
eden hazard won the pfa player of the year award at london 's grosvenor hotel . the belgian has scored 18 goals in all competitions for his club this season . hazard was rewarded for his sterling performances with the top individual award of the night . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
lionel messi made it 400 goals for barcelona in a 2-0 win over valencia . messi scored with the last kick and luis suarez scored with practically his first , putting barcelona 1-0 up after just 56 seconds . the argentine has reached the 400 goal total in just 471 games .
brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after second world war veteran robert clark at his home in burnt oak , north london . this is despite the fact he had already used # 50,000 of his life savings paying for his care . a donations page set up by the forces charity help for heroes has already raised # 10,000 to help mr clark remain in his own home .
portsmouth have sacked manager andy awford following saturday 's 3-1 defeat to morecambe . the league two club parted company with awford at a meeting at the club 's roko training ground this morning . awford has been in charge just over a year and won 20 of the 55 matches that he was in charge .
a new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade that is now allegedly worth a staggering us$ 1 billion a year . this despite the fact 10,000 organs are transplanted in china every year , yet there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register .
juan cuardrado arrived at chelsea for # 23m from fiorentina . the colombian winger has failed to impress at stamford bridge . sportsmail looks at five winter-window arrivals who have disappointed for their new employers . click here for all the latest transfer news .
chelsea are currently nine points clear at the summit of the table with six games of the current campaign remaining . in a letter from hammersmith and fulham council which was delivered to residents in the area over the past few days . the planned victory parade route is outlined to residents of the area on a map included with the letter .
falcao made his name with porto , adding to his allure with darting runs across opposition defences for atletico madrid and monaco during five glorious years in european football . the colombian forward was schooled here , denied space and room to breathe by the constant , intimidating presence of chelsea 's captain john terry .
mike ashley agreed to buy a plot of land in chelsea from john lewis . the tracksuit tycoon will add something in the region of another # 1bn to his net worth . the weekend defeat by swansea was a seventh straight premier league loss for the magpies .
philippe coutinho described it as the ` ultimate honour ' to speak to brazil icon pele . the liverpool midfielder was a special guest for the reds ' league encounter against rivals manchester united last month . coutinho produced one moment of skill - a step-over and dummied pass all in the same movement .
real madrid drew 0-0 at the vicente calderon on tuesday night . carlo ancelotti 's favoured centre-back partnership is sergio ramos and pepe , but in raphael varane , they have a diamond . chelsea 's coach has fluttered his eyelashes at the french international a few times during the past year .
carter and jack hanson , who live in raleigh , north carolina , met their hero on the yorktown - a retired carrier in charleston , where mr harding served as an aircraft handler decades before . it was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about him . the boys spent the day exploring the ship together with the boys hearing first-hand just what life was like on board a real
luka modric pulled up in the second half against malaga on saturday . cristiano ronaldo was the first madrid player to go over to gareth bale . the croatian could still be back for the champions league final . real madrid will have karim benzema back against atletico madrid .
jose mourinho led touchline delegation in pursuit of fourth official lee mason . the entire section of arsenal supporters who sit behind the visitors ' bench climbed to their feet to hurl their abuse . every fabregas touch was booed as he operated in the first half in a deep role alongside nemanja matic .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on sunday . john terry was at the heart of chelsea 's solid defensive display . mourinho praised the 34-year-old as the best defender to play in the premier league era . click here for all the latest transfer news .
john terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well . he did n't break sweat against arsenal and chelsea were too streetwise for arsene wenger 's team . the defender has been a huge part of that , he clattered right into me .
dougie freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal at nottingham forest . freedman has impressed at the city ground since replacing stuart pearce in february . they made an audacious attempt on play-off places when freedman replaced pearce but have tailed off in recent weeks .
images reveal fiery cross reef virtually untouched by man-made structures in march 2014 but by march this year it had been transformed into an artificial island . they follow equally disturbing photographs released earlier this month showing a flotilla of chinese vessels dredging sand onto another artificially-built island . the area near the spratly islands is claimed by many other countries in the region .
only yesterday , obama claimed beijing was ` using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions ' . but a furious chinese leadership has argued that it is washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle . the war of words come as newly-released satellite images reveal a flotilla of chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the spratly islands .
frank ernest shepherd , iii of houston , texas , led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle . he then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police . incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above .
the gallipoli peninsula is in modern-day turkey but in 1915 it was part of the ottoman empire . as allied soldiers prepared to invade , they hoisted a mule hoisted aboard the collier ship ss river clyde ahead of the three-day journey across the aegean sea . historian stephen chambers released the poignant images to mark the centenary of the catastrophic campaign 's centenary .
eight staff wrote op-ed for usa today after 10 doctors urged columbia to sever all ties with oz , who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the college of physicians . those doctors accused him of being a ` charlatan ' who promotes ` quack treatments ' on his syndicated talk show .
linda thompson , 64 , has praised her former husband for being ' a champion for those who share the struggle to just be who they are ' . she tweeted her message of support just hours before bruce 's highly-anticipated sit down interview with diane sawyer is set to air on abc . it 's the first public comment the former beauty queen , who was married to the olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986 , has made about his rumored transition from male
the microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting , and are thought to contribute to the deaths of 29,000 people every year in britain . researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 and assessed the pollution risk .
zermatt in the upper valais area of switzerland has imposed the ban . animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in ` miserable conditions ' . the organisation has carried out investigations into the conditions . the dogs are being kept in confined conditions in an unheated condemned building for long periods of time .
julie schenecker , 54 , was convicted last may of shooting her son beau , 13 , and daughter calyx , 16 , in their upscale tampa bay , florida home in january 2011 . now in an exclusive jailhouse interview , she has claimed she pulled the trigger to ` save ' her children , despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being ` mouthy ' . when asked by abc action news in the interview if she regretted the shooting ,
jordan brennan , 17 , was attacked in september last year after breaking into gangnam style dancing in his local corner shop . he was jailed for eight months for manslaughter , kim reveals how her son was a ` cheeky chappy ' and ` lots of fun ' . mother-of-five has slammed what she calls the lenient sentence .
switzerland is the world 's happiest nation thanks to healthy gdp figures , strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy . the list is dominated by european nations , particularly those in scandinavia , and measures a country 's population by factors contributing to its citizens ' contentment , rather than wealth .
business leaders expressed concerns over the negative tactics employed by the conservative campaign ahead of the general election next month . they believe they have done little to discredit ed miliband . as it emerged that the labour leader is now the bookies ' favourite to be the next prime minister , a number of business leaders revealed they are worried david cameron will lose the battle for number 10 .
the medal belonged to frederick george biddulph , who served with the 23rd australian infantry battalion at gallipolli between 1914 and 1915 . mr manzie posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum , which led him to sydney man stephen norton . he said he thought it was a scam or someone trying to sell me something .
alexis douglas was playing at her sister 's friend 's house in melbourne earlier this year when a neighbour 's pitbull attacked the little girl . the five-year-old needed 50 stitches to her face and still requires treatment for the next three years . the dog 's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his pitbull and was instead handed a $ 1500 fine by the court . it was a week after alexis 's fifth birthday when she was attacked by
drug firm glaxosmithkline has applied for a licence from the european medicines agency -lrb- ema -rrb- for the rts , s vaccine . it is the first malaria vaccine to reach advanced trials . tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-saharan africa .
the pledge is contained in a ` home-school agreement ' which all children must sign before they start at turnham primary school in september . the infants must also promise to refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases and to be tolerant of people with different sexual orientations and lifestyles . each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their responsibilities .
charly was patrolling venice beach with his minders on tuesday when the cruel tagger managed to write ` rbs ' and an arrow on the horse 's flank with silver spray paint . police are still trying to find the person responsible using the tag , which was ` rb ' .
damon clay , 17 , was left with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping . he is now in a medically induced coma in critical condition . relatives of the scalded victim said the two men accused him of stealing a playstation 3 .
the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life . the first boxes were erected in jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland britain . the new colour was introduced in 1874 and it took 10 years to repaint all post boxes for overseas mail . there are now 115,300 post boxes in the uk .
around 15 animals ran away from their pen in schodack , upstate new york , on thursday evening and then swam across the hudson river . they then started running down the thruway , a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state . three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of coeymans , about 10 miles south of the state capital albany .
scottish first minister said she would form anti-tory alliance with labour and smaller parties regardless of how many mps david cameron wins on may 7 . while mr miliband has ruled out going into coalition with the snp , ms sturgeon 's remarks raise prospect of labour ruling as a minority government .
molly parks was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in manchester , new hampshire with a needle still in her arm . when police turned up on her father 's door in saco , maine , he immediately knew they were there about molly . days later , he wrote an obituary announcing her death .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver jt mcgarry in 1980 . in a video posted on april 20 by the california innocence project , he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a carl 's jr asking for a hamburger ` they show on tv with the bacon on it ' . as he dug into his meal of a large mile high bacon cheeseburger with fries and a drink
the 1961 ferrari 250 gt swb california spider is regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made . but it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring matthew broderick . it was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below .
kiwi jihadi mark john taylor posted a video on youtube in an attempt to incite violent acts in australia and new zealand during services commemorating anzac day 's centenary . the video has since been removed after 3 news notified authorities , taylor instructed fellow jihadists to act out against police and soldiers .
beth o'rourke , 44 , of paxton , massachusetts , has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer . on april 16 , the mother of courtney , 11 , and seamus , 8 , lost that fight . but as she stated in her obituary , ' i was a survivor ' .
sarah grimes and for kristen saban would not say whether there had been a settlement of the lawsuit , which was set for trial in early august . the lawsuit said grimes suffered lasting injuries during the brawl , which evidence showed began over a facebook post after a night of drinking .
the martingale betting strategy of doubling up originated in france . traditional game involves two coins but many venues now play with three for ease of betting among the crowd . it is now legal to be played on anzac day across returned servicemen league clubs -lrb- rsl -rrb- and pubs .
jay brittain , 63 , was worried that the baby owls at small breeds farm park and owl centre , herefordshire , look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them . so he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their very own ` talon salon ' . the first born tawny owl is given orange talons , the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born , pink .
apple launches its first smartwatch today - but none of its stores will have them in stock . instead , consumers willing to shell out between # 299 to # 13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until june . analysts believe apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders .
rhiannon langley , 24 , is at a five-star hotel , part of the $ 5,190 ` bangkok nose job ' medical tourism package she is on . the hairdresser turned model raised eyebrows this week for her decision to go public with her ` nose job journey ' in spectacular fashion .
` the preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument , ' press secretary josh earnest said today after he was asked about a duke study that claimed the earth is n't heating up as quickly as expected . earnest 's channeling of former vice president al gore , star of the 2006 global warming documentary an inconvenient truth , followed the president 's gas-guzzling , 1,836 mile trip on wednesday , earth day , to the
mick schumacher will make his debut in the adac formula 4 series in germany . the 16-year-old will compete in the formula 4 category in what is regarded as a stepping stone for junior drivers hoping to reach the top . he will follow in the footsteps of his father who is still recovering from a ski accident at his home in switzerland .
chinese scientists had though reading or looking at a screen could cause short-sightedness , but now think it could be down to a lack of natural light . transparent classrooms are being tested in a bid to increase exposure to natural light in children who spend an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine .
japanese women swear by the ` beauty from within ' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to beat acne . mahonia has been used traditionally for skin itchiness , infections and irritations . it contains high levels of alkaloids , berberine and hydrastine .
the ohio woman and her catholic husband made the painful decision to have a legal abortion at 23 weeks . when the couple learned that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect ` incompatible with life outside the womb ' , they decided that terminating the pregnancy was the best course of action . in march , they were looking forward to the 20-week anatomy scan .
department of immigration ranked third in the survey , while department of defence and the department of health were also named in the top ten places australians would like to work . virgin , the second-largest airline in the country , was reportedly handed the accolade for its ` pleasant working atmosphere , a good work-life balance and strong management ' .
alison , 43 , from gloucestershire , has since had to go under the knife a further 12 times but is still living with the damage that ensued following a breast augmentation operation six years ago . the retail worker has now had a 13th operation on her breasts , this time as part of tlc show extreme beauty disasters .
soldiers shaun smith , 25 , and jason collins , 22 , attacked in april . cctv footage shows smith stamping 18 times on victim 's head . smith was described as an ` angel ' in court by his officer . judge said he had decided to show mercy after hearing glowing tributes .
sarina aziz became agitated after cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents ' lap . ariella and mark aziz struggled to keep their daughter still after strapping her in the connector belt required for children under the age of two . but they say they were shocked to find that staff had decided to alert the captain .
dr gabrielle fortune of the auckland war memorial takes richard wilkins through the artefacts of his grandfather george thomson . the 60-year-old made the pilgrimage to gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations . he tells how having read excerpts from his ` papa 's ' war diary , lit ' a flame of interest ' to learn more of the world war one veteran .
rachael bishop , 19 , was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain 's lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in , unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun . as the man reached into the till bishop tried to swat his hand away . when that did n't stop him , she started punching him in the head multiple times . when he tried to steal money from the cash register , she tried to plead with the man when
heida reed , 27 , stars in period drama as poldark 's former lover elizabeth . she said turner , 31 , was being ` objectified ' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female . miss reed said she knew ` for a fact that -lsb- turner is -rsb- completely baffled ' .
posters promoting a ` straight pride ' week at a northeast ohio university were removed this week after student leaders determined that the message went beyond free speech . the posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students . students encouraged students to ` go about your day without telling everyone about how ` different ' you are ' .
andrea mcveigh , 44 , was sent crashing face-first into the concrete . cyclist fled the scene , chased by the 44-year-old 's husband . she suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead . met police have issued cctv footage of a cyclist they want to speak .
video posted by elihudi justin urassa , from brighton , has been watched more than 3.7 million times on facebook . in the video the girl is seen sucking on to the tube before removing it to reveal her new pout ... made of crisps . the worrying trend started sweeping social media over the weekend .
ukip leader nigel farage says party is only seen as racist by white people . he says the party has stopped many supporters - including internationally acclaimed rock stars and billionaires - from backing him publicly . mr farage said that when he goes into ` black parts ' of london he gets a warm reception .
the 34-year-old beauty told e! she would indeed be watching former stepfather bruce jenner talk to diane sawyer later that evening . narcisco rodriguez outfit from fall 2015 at net-a-porter . visit site it 's the one year anniversary of kimye and kourtney .
baltimore police commissioner anthony batts has ruled out his resignation despite that fact that his deputy admitted they should have sought medical attention for freddie gray . gray was taken into custody and suffered an unexplained spinal injury that led to his death . six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate .
vladmir lenin may have been dead for 90 years , but his corpse looks better than the day he passed . this is the claim made by his embalmers , who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary 's body . they brag that their technique has been the result of almost a century of fine-tuning , creating a science that has benefited real-world medical applications .
artist frank mckeever from florida created these amazing posters . they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system . included are humans skiing on a moon of uranus and living in cities on mars . others show life on europa and near saturn - and a destroyed earth . the posters were created by artist and entrepreneur frank . mcke ever runs an art business called science hype with his wife nicole .
the number of fatal crashes involving teenage drivers has dropped 55 per cent in the past decade . between 2004 and 2013 , the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in u.s. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,408 , per 100,000 people . new safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities .
timothy crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents bob , 90 , and elsie , 83 , and then driven their bodies 150 miles before dumping them . but the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost . prosecutors have been accused of losing a nissan micra at the centre of a double murder case .
the small fort was found on top of the dunnicaer sea stack close to stonehaven , aberdeenshire . it appears to have been built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country . the picts were a group of tribes who lived north of the forth and clyde during the late iron age and early medieval period .
the park in the toshima ward in the north-east of the japanese capital showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour . this is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person . authorities believe the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park .
jeni 's splendid ice creams of ohio announced on thursday that it has initiated a voluntary recall of all of its frozen treats . in an online statement , the company is taking the voluntary precautionary measure in order to ensure complete consumer safety . the company wrote it is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until all products are ensured to be 100 per cent safe .
shaker aamer , 48 , is expected to be released in the summer after 13 years in captivity without charge or trial . comes as the man appointed by president barack obama to speed up the closure of the notorious prison camp said there was ` no sound reason ' for keeping the terror suspect locked up any longer . campaigners welcomed moves to end the scandal of saudi-born mr aamer .
christopher wheeler , 54 , had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $ 350,000 mansion in wilmington in october 2013 . one of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act .
rose mcgrath of battle creek , michigan said tearfully of her school kicked her out for poor attendance because of her leukemia . last week st. joseph 's middle school , a private catholic school , sent a letter to rose and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance .
lyle jeffs , 58 , had 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years , but she claims the church has ` become even more disturbing than it was under warren ' . she claims to have been excommunicated in september 2014 , and is now fighting to have her two youngest children , who still live with him .
the couple , who married after a chaste courtship , are well-known for their health-conscious lifestyle and are often seen on the duggars ' hit reality series enjoying healthy dinners or working out together . a recent episode of the show even saw jessa pushing ben 's truck down the road while wearing workout pants covered with knee-length skirts to maintain their ` standard of modesty ' .
the 65-year-old told diane sawyer he embarked on hormone therapy and electrolysis , and had plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine . but he stopped out of ` fear ' of publicity and shame , and kept his secret to himself until he could n't bear it any longer .
paul gregory , 51 , claimed exercise left him breathless despite being a keen walker and member of a mountaineering club . he was exposed when bedford borough council staff read an article in the westmorland gazette , describing how the ` experienced walker ' had been attacked by cows in cumbria on the third day of a hike in 2012 . he pleaded guilty to two counts of dishonestly obtaining a blue badge by misrepresenting his physical abilities at luton mag
birmingham airport could be rebranded ` shakespeare 's airport ' in the u.s. there are concerns that not enough americans will know who the playwright is . the airport could also be called ` birmingham london ' as the hs2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes further away than terminal 5 at heathrow .
ann summers , known as the bombshell girlfriend of made in chelsea 's ollie proudlock , has unveiled its very first foray into bridal wear . in these exclusive photos , emma models the collection - priced between # 14 and # 85 - which includes a curve-skimming dress , an intricate nightgown and a range of silk and lace sets .
steve spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences . the horses ' owner , sonia sharrock , praised her ` absolutely amazing ' brother-in-law for his incredible feat . ms sharrock watched in horror as her stud farm in woodberry , in maitland in the hunter region of new south wales - one of the worst affected areas by the storm .
the suspects , all of somali descent , were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies . on thursday , there were audible gasps in the court room as a government official revealed the informant , who once planned to travel to syria himself , has been paid at least $ 13,000 for providing tip-offs .
photographer martin beck has snapped captain america , iron man and the green lantern taking a step back from fighting crime . the bat family have a little one on the way -lrb- omar as batman and dina as batwoman -rrb- . some indulge in unhealthy fast-food , others suck on cigarettes while the rest get bogged down in household chores or everyday life in a future that looks bleak for marvel and dc comics stars .
the man allegedly robbed the taylors hill in watervale , victoria . he allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a homemade machine gun he pulled out of a bag before making off with cash . he was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates court at a later date .
sofia abramovich is the daughter of russian billionaire roman . the 18-year-old has found herself at the end of cruel and unnecessary criticism . she said she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive for her life . but now sofia has hit back at people who have criticised her on instagram .
anzac day falls on a saturday , as it does this year . the agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays . bosses in some states have been warned to expect a rise in staff calling in sick this monday due to the lack of an anzac day public holiday . the decision not to grant the holiday has been condemned by some groups and human resources expert paul dundon .
the narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on tuesday . authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties . a cherry picker was brought in to harness the house 's weight , and pressurised fire hoses pushed it further down .
the un 's rights chief has urged britain to crack down on tabloid newspapers inciting racial hatred after a columnist for the sun called migrants ` cockroaches ' . in a hard-hitting statement , un high commissioner for human rights zeid ra'ad al husein said hopkins had used language similar to that employed by some rwandan media outlets in the run-up to the 1994 genocide .
the duchess of cambridge was applauded for her natural approach to her post-birth figure when she had prince george in 2013 . experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method and camilla lawrence , women 's health physiotherapist at six physio .
the unnamed 20-year-old woman was driving on the i-25 in weld county , north of denver , when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck . she was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck . miraculously , the bullet did not damage the woman 's airway or sever any major blood vessels .
long before mobile phones came along - allowing single men and women to flirt behind the comfort of a glowing screen - shy love-seekers had to resort to other tactics . in the case of late 19th-century america , it was the ` escort card ' - not to be confused with the explicit sort you might imagine today - but rather a comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive .
the pariah state may have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year . chinese estimates of pyongyang 's nuclear production , relayed to us nuclear specialists , exceed most previous us forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs . under the kim dynasty north korea has long used nuclear weapons as a bargaining chip in international relations .
burglars broke into home in hatfield peverel , essex , in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs in a wanton wrecking spree . they stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches , a computer , laptop and tablet from the house and left thousands of pounds in damage .
water bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday . footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors . at one point he 's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down .
detective sergeant stephen phillips , 46 , and constables christopher evans , 37 , and michael stokes , 34 are all facing charges of ` theft by a serving police officer ' . cardiff crown court heard that the three officers from south wales police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force 's professional standards department . philips , of winch wen , swansea , evans of llangennech , carmart
louise henderson alakil , 49 , moved to the middle eastern country 27 years ago . she worked as a teacher at the international school in sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close . she is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city with her youngest children , miriam , 11 , and ayesha , nine , amid heavy shelling and while bombs fall all around them . britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the
aberash bekele , 32 , is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent , and failing , initially , to pay her compensation . she escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors . while she was released by the courts , local elders forced her into exile away from her home and family .
linda shute has banned pupils from consuming drinks - including fruit juice and soft drinks - in a bid to protect the long-term health of pupils . but some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict , claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water .
usain bolt said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat a ` lot more vegetables ' . the 28-year-old said he chases me around the house and makes sure i eat what he 's cooked . he also lays out vitamin pills and supplements in front of me .
a supervolcano in yellowstone national park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day . but the magma chamber lying directly beneath its surface is not considered large enough to produce such levels . now , by tracking seismic waves , a team of geophysicists has discovered an enormous secondary chamber deeper underground that 's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the grand canyon 11 times over .
kate dearaugo , 43 , spoke out about her battle with mental health . at her heaviest , the now 29-year-old weighed 127.5 kgs . she said it was after her stint on young divas that she began to spiral out of control , eating herself ` into a mess ' .
ltd tore down derelict property in bath city centre and replaced it with modern block of 14 flats . but residents complained development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council . bath and north east somerset council says developer has committed a ` breach of planning control ' and ordered the building to be bulldozed .
dr warren weinstein was killed alongside giovanni lo porto during an anti-terrorist strike on the afghanistan-pakistan border intended to kill members of the group . his family yesterday slammed their response to his abduction , and it has now been claimed that they transferred an undisclosed amount of money to his kidnappers two years before his death .
researchers analysed 22 studies , including five from britain . found risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral , oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes . also found those who smoked cigars had a much higher risk of lung cancer and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease compared to cigar smokers who had not previously smoked cigarettes .
kyle toth , who runs his own custom woodworking business , built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in temecula . it measures a whopping 45ft in length and according to its maker , sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft . the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides .
david marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years behind bars for the murder of eni mevish , a 20-year-old student at staffordshire university . he stabbed her in the heart , lungs and liver six months after they met because he was ` jealous ' of her other friendships .
suspected rogue trader navinder sarao lived in his parents ' modest home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds . his family 's semi-detached house in suburban west london is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges . his thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in central london , giving him a massive commercial advantage .
bill parker , 34 , of gulfport was mowing his lawn while at his family home last sunday when he thought a rock hit him in the face . dr timothy haffey , who removed the wire which was as thick as a heavy-duty nail , said that it miraculously dodged all of parker 's important nerves and arteries .
the 34-year-old victoria 's secret angel shows off her latino style and golden tan as she poses in a new campaign for online fashion retailer dafiti . the mother-of-two , who is no. 8 on the forbes list of top-earning models , stars in the advertising campaign wearing sexy and sporty street-style fashion .
kim has long had her pick of holiday destinations - so how have her holiday tastes changed over the years ? this month , kim and her husband kanye west made a high-profile tour of armenia and israel to baptise their daughter and retrace the kardashian roots .
brain scans on a group of professional comedians revealed differences in the way the brains of these ` super speakers ' work while talking . compared to the less silver tongued among us , the super speakers showed less activity in a key area of the brain involved articulating and comprehending speech . this suggests this group were putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech , allowing them to devote more resources to what they were going to say next . sarcasm is often described as the lowest form of wit , but it
apple launches its first smartwatch today - but none of its locations will have them in stock . instead , consumers willing to shell out between $ 549 to $ 17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until june . analysts believe the lines might be embarrassingly short and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang .
richard hammond has ruled out returning to top gear as he vowed : ' i wo n't quit my mates ' . in yet another major blow to the bbc , the presenter took to twitter . announcement comes as the show 's former executive producer andy wilman launched a scathing attack on ` meddling bbc executives ' .
samantha crossland , 30 , was pocketing parents ' fees being paid to the child 's play day nursery she worked at in a trusted position . she had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back and crossland handed back the cash . it was not clear whether this was samantha - or her mother susan crossland .
thousands of sea creatures are on display when guests book themselves into one of two visually stunning underwater hotel rooms at the five-star atlantis . with enough room for five guests , the underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into the ambassador lagoon aquarium . the signature suites are three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan that includes a large living and dining room , an inter-connecting bedroom , a majlis/television room and a private lift
the majority of the shrimp sold on supermarket shelves arrive there after starting life on vast prawn farms in south east asia . many prawns sold in the uk also come from places such as thailand and indonesia . they tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp - 284 raw and 58 cooked samples - from large , chain supermarkets and natural food stores in 27 cities across the us .
kansas city royals ' game against rivals the chicago white sox descended into a mass brawl yesterday . umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight in the seventh inning of thursday 's game at chicago 's u.s. cellular field , illinois .
flight 5622 was flying from chicago to connecticut when the pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure . as an increasing number of passengers began to complain of dizzyness , and three lost consciousness , the pilot plunged the aircraft into a terrifying dive to drop 30,000 feet in just eight minutes . but despite the calamitous events , an investigation has found nothing unusual about the mechanics of the plane .
imran uddin , 25 , bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet . he then connected to a number of university computers . through the software , he was able to find out the passwords that staff were typing in to log in to the computers . he used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself .
conrad clitheroe , 54 , and gary cooper , 45 , were arrested on national security grounds . they were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at fujairah airport . their ex-pat friend neil munro was told they would not be detained , were put into prison .
brian bayers tearfully told wave how he was preparing to take his son back to day-care on february 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house . when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open . after going back inside his house to find he son missing , he made the horrifying realization that he backed over jackson with his truck .
twitter has rolled out a new feature aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day . highlights is limited to english-language readers with the twitter app installed on an android device . select settings from the drop-down , and then press on it . the check box should display a check mark , marking the feature as active .
research by asda has found that rump , fillet and t-bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out . when we cook at home the majority of us rely on burgers or mince . a mere 3 % of over 55s fell for the fake cuts . over a quarter of under 35 's avoid trying unusual cuts of beef .
aussie the dog saved his owners kai , seven , and sophie , 10 , from being electrocuted to death in a puddle in the aftermath of the new south wales storms . their family home at caves beach , near lake macqurie , had lost power so on wednesday the children 's mother natalie crane-hayes decided take the dog for a walk in a nearby park . the park was full of large puddles and they did n't know
state broadcaster rtve axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in pamplona . 15 people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event . the bull running takes part during the annual san fermin fiesta , and the mayor said he feared the broadcasters would turn the world famous festival into something out of big brother .
a team of researchers have tested their drone running companion . called joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run . the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner . and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing . the goal was to see if a drone could motivate a runner to keep their pace up , and provide a companion that helped them stay fit .
thomas hoey jr. , 43 , who was sentenced wednesday by u.s. district judge kevin castel in manhattan federal court , showed ` callousness and indifference ' during the party in january 2009 at midtown hotel the kitano and even more when the victim , kimberly calo , 41 , died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol . castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was ` integral to the lifestyle of cocaine , sex and
morgan geyser , 12 , has been remanded on $ 500,000 for attempted murder charges . her attorney anthony cotton applied to have her bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders . the judge denied a request friday to move a 12-year-old girl .
freddie gray , 25 , was arrested on april 12 in baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to the police station in a paddy wagon without being strapped into a seatbelt . police brutality against prisoners being transported was addressed just six months ago . department rules updated nine days before gray 's arrest clearly state that all detainees shall be strapped in by seat belts or other authorized restraining devices ' for their own safety
gary goldsmith , the controversial brother of kate 's mother , posted a picture of the alleged culprit who hit his chihuahua , cheech , on social media . his accompanying message included the words : ` evil s *** ... coming to get ya ' . the flamboyant millionaire businessman was once caught up in a tabloid sting .
a memo from an internal police inquiry revealed colleagues expressed concerns about robert bates , 73 , when he arrived at the tulsa sheriff 's office . documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed bates . he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in relation to the death of eric harris during a botched sting on april 2 .
the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour . the road takes drivers along the river douro and the picturesque regional wine towns of the unesco world heritage site . stretching for 27 km , the road includes heart-stopping 93 bends and jaw dropping scenery .
images show veronica bolina lying partially naked on the ground in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in sao paulo , brazil . the 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73-year old neighbour . pictures appearing to show her ordeal were leaked online . an investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody , leaving her face unrecognisable .
aaron bee was wanted by lincolnshire police over an alleged domestic violence and assault . after fleeing his home , the 22-year-old goaded officers by sharing photographs online which showed him standing outside the force 's headquarters . he was later arrested in november in a cafe after posing outside five different police stations over two weeks and was this week jailed for eight months .
shelby was stuck in a pool by the great salt lake 's spiral jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town . but , lucky for george , a family was willing to stay with the dog . as more people came , they began bringing items to try and help get the dog out using grocery bags , car floor mats , tarp , garbage bags , a straw hat and even bare hands .
mohamad saeed kodaimati , 24 , faced two counts of making false statements . statements involving international terrorism matters in us district court of the southern district of california . saeed became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17 . the fbi has found evidence to the contrary , including this facebook photo .
nicholas salvador , 25 , is accused of killing palmira silva , 82 , in september . she was found dead in a garden in nightingale road , edmonton , north london . mrs silva moved to london from her native southern italy with her husband domenico six decades ago .
mary todd lowrance , 49 , a teacher at moises e molina high school , turned herself into dallas independent school district police on thursday morning . police learned of the alleged relationship after lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who alerted a dallas isd officer . if the student had been a juvenile , the case would have been handled by the dallas police department .
the statue of liberty was evacuated friday afternoon in the wake of a bomb threat . some 2,700 tourists were rushed off liverty island by boat operators just after midday friday after a 911 caller said he was ` going to blow up ' the landmark . police sniffer dogs seized on a locker on the island , which they thought contained something suspicious .
villagers in remote village in jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire . seconds later they throw themselves into the flames . locals believe the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease , adding that criticism over the safety is misguided .
the war widows will be the guests of honour at the gallipoli dawn service on saturday . among them is jean pockett , who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in turkey on thursday . as she landed , she did n't feel so well and had to see the doctor .
 monopoly-makers planning a special exeter edition have been told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of old kent road . but no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board . exeter castle , guildhall and modern shopping centre .
nicole kidman , naomi watts , geoffrey rush and joel edgerton have all made significant contributions to australia through film and television that will no doubt last a lifetime . but recently uncovered documents from ancestry.com reveal their ancestors have also had a lasting impact on the country through their service and involvement in world war one .
the neglected cat from sea isle city in new jersey was handed over to the rescue agency s.o.s. sea isles cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home . luckily for sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself , she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer stacy jones olandt .
thousands of visitors from the uk , australia , new zealand , india and france have gathered to honour the fallen at one of the biggest commemorations of the great war . today , 25 april 2015 , a bugle sounded a haunting dawn chorus to mark the moment when , at 0430 , allied troops landed at a point where asia meets europe .
barry lyttle , 33 , has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence . he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother patrick . patrick , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother , barry in kings cross in sydney 's inner-city on january 3 . but on friday , patrick had his arm around his brother who was crying when
mary cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at drakelow shadow factory in kidderminster , worcestershire , in 1943 . spent two years testing metal for bristol aircraft engines in the site 's underground laboratory , working as the only woman in her department . now 91 , the great grandmother tested metal for aircraft engines .
abu hafs al-badri is the cousin of abu bakr al-bagdadhi , the extremist group 's self-styled caliph . it appears isis 's growing strategy of using teenage suicide bombers indicates their continued focus on indoctrinating impressionable local teenagers .
ariana mason , 21 , claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a ` stranglehold ' at a las vegas hotel . after filing a civil rights lawsuit against officer shawn izzo and the metropolitan police department , she said : ` what happened to me was wrong and i do n't want it to happen to anybody else ' .
kevin bowes , 53 , had nine ` avoidable ' dental procedures at the hands of dr nicholas crees . the semi-retired teacher at a specialist children 's unit said his life had been changed forever , revealing he will need years of remedial treatment to fix the decay .
 surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle , when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path . the car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying . despite the crunch , the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured .
efan james was found lying face down and unresponsive the morning after hannah james , 26 , took him to bed . at the baby 's inquest this week , a coroner in pembrokeshire said new parents were given ` confusing ' advice over how tired they could be when they slept in the same bed as their child .
khalid rashad , 61 , appeared at camberwell magistrates ' court today . charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose . charges brought yesterday by officers investigating the death of abdul hadi arwani . rashad was born burnell ` bernie ' mitchell , the brother of liz mitchell .
one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie . the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale . ` all of a sudden , everyone was gone , ' one parent from the audience told rtv .
the trussell trust asks for a ` donation ' of # 1,500 from churches and community groups . the money , volunteers are told , is needed to pay for the trust 's staff , branding materials , pr advice and relationships with supermarkets such as tesco . but the hefty bill has come under scrutiny following controversy over the false trussel trust claim it fed more than a million hungry people last year .
bobby burnett forced samantha chudley to stop wearing make-up because he wanted to make her less attractive to other men . the 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her when she visited him at lympstone , devon . burnett was a marine with an exemplary service record who has been thrown out of the corps after a routine drug screen showed he was taking steroids .
anna moser 's daughter sharista giles was driving home from a concert in december with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover . she was five months pregnant at the time and in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby early . a little boy the family has named leighton isiah giles .
the secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas , but are each set in their own natural paradises . the last time the class-c volcano erupted was in the 1780s , and it proved fatal for half of the people living on the island . monemvasia is a little settlement concealed behind a huge rock face in laconia in greece .
charlie stayt scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in southampton , hampshire . viewers took to twitter to complain after he missed out the letter ` c ' . he later described the gaffe as ` one of those things ' after being alerted to it by colleagues .
cameraman surprised to see what appeared to be white lights close to the enormous plume of ash and smoke rising from the mouth of the volcano . hundreds filmed the eruption , near the southern port city of puerto montt , chile , and its deadly ash cloud which caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety .
kay bennett , 33 , from swindon , has applied for 40 jobs in the last year . says she has no choice other than to claim benefits worth # 14,000-a-year . says tattoos were done when she was 24 , have turned her into a jobless recluse .
the washington couple 's three-year-old son had first began complaining of someone talking to him at night , his parents had put it down to their toddler 's over-active imagination . when they heard a strange man 's voice come over the monitor to tell their son : ` wake up little boy , daddy 's looking for you ' . after the first creepy message , the boy 's mother had walked into the room and overheard the hacker saying , ` look someone 's coming
the queensland government was plunged into crisis after details of the cook mp 's criminal past emerged . annastacia palaszczuk to call for his resignation . after mr gordon 's dark past was revealed he resigned from the labor party . until now , the mother of his two children , kristy peckham has been in hiding .
dr giorgi-guarnieri testified on friday during court hearings in washington , d.c. that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions john hinckley jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital . he also played the guitar , and he sings and plays the guitar .
frenchwoman also used her classes to defend adolf hitler 's domestic record . she is alleged to have said , before being suspended from the auguste remoir college in limoges , west-central france . the woman said she hoped ` german tanks come to renoir to subdue unruly pupils ' .
nasa 's mars reconnaissance orbiter has spotted its robotic companion on the surface of the red planet . the orbiting spacecraft captured a shot of curiosity near the base of mount sharp in gale crater . however , the rover 's tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by the martian weather .
an urgent headcount has taken place at a thai temple that 's home to 147 tigers in the care of monks . wat pha luang ta bua in thailand 's western kanchanaburi province - commonly known as ` the tiger temple ' - has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to visit the monks and be photographed next to their huge feline pets . however , thai wildlife officials began a headcount on friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier
liu guijuan posted pictures of herself wearing a headdress made from 80 kingfishers . she has bought the rare headpiece for 120,000 yuan -lrb- # 10,775 -rrb- . miss liu , a well-respected opera artist from tianjin city , said the current market price for the headdress is no less than 400k yuan .
hermann goering cheated the hangman at nuremberg by committing suicide shortly before he was due to be executed for war crimes . the infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew but his daughter edda has always refused to criticise him . the exact sum she was seeking was not disclosed but the petition was refused by lawmakers .
brooke shedd , 26 , and jane shalakhova , 25 , have spoken out to say they are just as fortunate as the 34-year-old who hails from east london . they say they do not ` share ' adam but are in a ` unique ' situation where they both love him - as well as each other .
michael gridley , 26 , ran the scam where stock including alcohol , cigarettes , dvds , computer games and consoles were taken from the store in basildon , essex . he was jailed for 12 months for his leading role in a conspiracy to steal # 15,852.46 worth of goods between november 2013 and april last year .
linda and george hunter , who raised their four children in their home in liverpool , became mortgage free around 15 years ago . but eight years ago , the street became part of a regeneration scheme and the council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition . estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home for much more than # 1 as other houses in the street are being sold off at that price by the council .
reverend creflo dollar , 53 , launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate ' $ 300 or more ' so that he could purchase a gulfstream g650 to replace his current damaged aircraft . the wealthy televangelist came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work .
the 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers on anderson road in glenning valley on the central coast of nsw when she lost control over her vehicle . the group of five were travelling in a white mitsubishi lancer before it collided into a brick wall before bouncing off and crashing into another part of the wall .
 sugar pine mine co-owners george backes and rick barclay talk about their mining operation outside grants pass , oregon april 21 , 2015 . the miners have appealed the order and spokesman , kerby jackson , confirmed paperwork had been filed to keep officials from ` burning or breaking anything ' .
both william and kate , whose new little prince or princess is due tomorrow , have been seen out on shopping trips this week . on monday , the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store , zara home , in kensington high street , a short hop from her apartment .
lawyers for brett peter cowan will file an application to have chief justice tim carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal . cowan received a life sentence for murdering , indecently dealing and dumping the sunshine coast teenager 's body in 2003 . daniel 's parents , denise and bruce morcombe desperately searched for their son for almost eight years before cowan 's arrest .
ibrahim ahmad will prevent him from attending la center high 's dance saturday . the 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives . at lunchtime , he stood on the cafeteria stage and held a sign inviting his would-be date to the prom .
the large android shape covers a mountainous region near shahpur . residents may not approve of the addition because it is shown urinating on an apple logo . it is not an official google feature and the image is believed to have been added using google 's map maker , although this has n't been confirmed .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquaio will fight on may 2 in las vegas , nevada . the mgm grand marquee was lit up with the pair of boxers ahead of their highly-anticipated fight . the video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can be saved to the user 's phone .
the department of veteran affairs removed all ` offending ' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from facebook . the issue , released on the monday leading up to the anzac weekend , included a 10-page feature with a list of ' 100 things every aussie should know about gallipoli ' .
angelina jolie briefed the u.n. security council for being paralyzed by its division over syria 's four-year conflict . the actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in syria and sharply criticized the un for their lack of action . when asked about her planned briefing , syrian 's ambassador bashar ja'afari responded : ` she is beautiful ' . nearly four million syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries , which warn they are dangerously overstretched .
remmie , 18 , had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of rebellion . but when the piercing became inflamed , she was forced to remove the bar . wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar . mother victoria , who had always been against the piercing , says it is ` vile ' .
kurt cobain lived in the two bedroom apartment on spaulding avenue in l.a. 's fairfax district during the height of nirvana-mania . the graffiti , however , has long since disappeared . now its current owner , brandon kleinman , 31 , has listed it on airbnb .
attorney general eric holder addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor , loretta lynch , was confirmed by the senate following a months-long delay . holder shook hands and received hugs from well-wishers on his last day as attorney general-designate . the event also included a tribute video prepared for the occasion that featured members of congress , former president bill clinton and holder 's wife , sharon malone .
andre gignac says he made the ` stunning discovery ' in a photograph released by nasa and taken by the mars rover opportunity . he says he became suspicious about a ` dark spot ' on the rim of the endeavour crater he had found in the original image . the 58-year-old said the bunker could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker .
shabana bibi , 25 , from the muzaffargarh district of the country , died in hospital on saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body . her brother muhammad azam said siddique became enraged on learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out . his father then beat bibi before dousing her with petrol on april 17 , azam alleged .
carol cole was 17 when she disappeared without a trace after running away from a juvenile detention center in texas in october 1980 . in january 1981 , police in bossier parish , louisiana , found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods out of a dirt road outside shreveport . for 34 years , carol 's family searched in vain for the troubled teen . at the same time , detectives from boss
eu leaders agree package of measures to tackle migrant crisis in mediterranean . italian prime minister matteo renzi said assets being proposed would ` never be enough ' to address the problem . british warship hms bulwark and german supply ship berlin expected to be sent to region in biggest sign of the european union 's belated commitment to the cause .
alyssa marie chang , 56 , was furious with the mother of little ronnie tran because she thought the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in ` compromising sexual positions ' . on april 14 , she showed up at the home of her love rival outside seattle with a taser . when the woman refused , chang allegedly shocked the woman with the taser , according to police .
a three-year-old girl was airlifted to morriston hospital in swansea . she suffered horrific facial injuries after the alaskan malamute crossed with a siberian huskey clamped its jaws around her head at their home in neyland , pembrokeshire . she was playing in the garden on thursday afternoon when her family heard screams and ran to find their dog ` gripping ' her by her head . her injuries were so severe that she
julieane jablonski , 38 , was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness . the alleged victim in the case , 19-year-old austin essig , took to the fort collins police department 's facebook page to describe the strange ` trip ' he experienced after eating the brownie .
vivienne garton , 65 , was left devastated after her west highland terrier ben was snatched from her garden in knowle west , bristol , earlier this month . she began an appeal to find him and put up posters near her home . shortly after she received two phone calls from an anonymous man threatening to cut up her pet unless she paid # 500 .
tipper lewis , 43 , from london , grew up on a farm and became fascinated by the power of plants , chinese medicine and organic produce . she studied herbs and plants at university and landed a job at neal 's yard remedies . acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention . coconut oil has been hailed as a weight loss aid .
ciudad real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more $ 1billion - spain 's economy having taken off . but it was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties . judge ruled that it should be sold off , with an asking price of $ 100million .
researchers at harvard university in massachusetts studied the structure of dna from mammoths preserved in the arctic to reproduce exact copies of 14 of the extinct animal 's genes . this was used by genetics professor george church , who replaced parts of elephant dna with the mammoth genes . however , many scientists fear these animals would be unable to survive in the modern world without their ancient habitat .
connor sullivan , 17 , of cupertino , california , attended his first period class at monta vista high school on monday morning . after the junior returned home on his own thursday night , police had been searching for him learned that the teenager had never left the bay area town and was using the water fountains and porta potty on campus . police and volunteers had searched - but the teenager was hiding at and around his high school . sullivan
the largest stock package that schmidt has received since 2011 when google inc. awarded him a bundle valued at $ 94 million at the time he relinquished the ceo 's job to company co-founder larry page . documents filed with regulators thursday also disclosed that page and the company 's other founder , sergey brin , limited their 2014 pay to $ 1 each .
sanjay chaddah concocted 't issue of lies ' , claiming dean paton kicked him and called him a ` p ** i ' following the 18-month boundary dispute in a genteel village in the wirral . but the move backfired when police discovered that the altercation had been caught on cctv and cleared mr paton of any wrongdoing .
the plunge means britain will go from being hotter than moscow , stockholm and finland in a matter of days . it also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for the thousands of runners taking part in sunday 's london marathon . people were making the most of the sunshine outside exeter cathedral before the arctic airmass arrives .
australian presenter and model nicky buckley famously soldiered on with her presenting job on the sale of the century after falling pregnant in 1997 . buckley copped heavy criticism for showing bump on tv but stood her ground . ' i was told i jammed fax machines at channel 9 and newspapers - with faxes coming in from people commenting negatively ' .
syracuse university art student lania roberts recently gave a speech at the university on learning to love one 's self unconditionally . earlier this month , lania gave a moving motivational speech titled ` love yourself unconditionally ' . she also began painting self-portraits as a means of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw .
` today , we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities , but we structured this deal so that if the government did n't agree , we could walk away , ' comcast ceo brian roberts said . on wednesday night , it emerged that federal communications regulators decided that merger was n't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock that would have bogged the deal down for months and may have killed it entirely . this followed fierce opposition from net neutrality
for the first time in 100 years , cadbury 's is set to release a super bar containing seven different fillings . but do n't get too excited as there are only 50 on offer . and what 's more , you wo n't find them in your corner shop or local supermarket as the bars were created for a competition .
graeme finlay , 53 , went on trial after ron phillips , 70 , and his wife june , 69 , were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on the thomson celebration luxury liner . the frail couple accused finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with two fractured vertebrae . but the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by finlay wielding his crutch and denied attacking his wife . fin
bradley parkes , 16 , was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through . his mother tiffany , 35 , shared a picture of her son in hospital and said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in coventry .
vonda thedford , 55 , said she was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground . when she stopped to look at the dead creature , she was disturbed to see it had ' a little truck ' in place of a nose , ` little toes ' and ` hair on its tail ' . in a bid to document the unusual-looking beast , she whipped out her camera phone .
clive schlee , chief executive of the coffee giant , revealed he has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy . femail writer deni kirkova travelled to four different pret a manger shops in london to find out what it takes to get a freebie .
child star , 19 , shot himself in the head while visiting family in texas . his manager , dino may , said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life in upstairs part of the house while family members were downstairs . young actor appeared in 139 episodes of the popular us sitcom .
charles severance , 54 , has been charged with the murders of nancy dunning , ron kirby and ruthanne lodato , in alexandria , virginia , in court for a hearing on thursday . all three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks .
deshawn isabelle , 15 , has been arrested for allegedly robbing , beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a chicago train . his mother recognized his face on surveillance images and turned him in to police . the middle school student also allegedly groped the woman over her clothes and slapped her buttocks and then sat on her head as he continued to beat her .
brianne altice , 35 , pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students . one testified that he considered her to be his girlfriend during their yearlong tryst . but the boys were all minors , and utah law also says a person can not consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust .
most of the world 's volcanoes are found deep underwater and now scientists have been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes . the bubbling lava erupting from the volcanic vent hades produced a distinctive acoustic signature . rather than the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land , underwater volcanoes give off a muted thrum instead .
the dogs ' dramatic decline in fortune is being partly blamed on the chinese government 's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown . previously , wealthy businessmen would give the prized mastiffs to officials in the hope of influencing their decisions . it is also thought recent bans on owning dogs of more than 50kg in several chinese cities .
engineers have developed a human powered vehicle -lrb- hpv -rrb- and will attempt to beat the women 's arm-powered speed record in nevada in september . it will be piloted and powered by paracyclist liz mcternan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour . the current benchmark is held by tracy miller who broke the record on 13 may 1995 on a bike called chairiot .
brian cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in bangor , maine on thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper in the parking lot . he immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and , realizing it was a sizable sum , they then contacted the police department . the man , who was later identified as ou chen , said at the time that he had put the money in an envelope in his pocket after leaving work at
the remote beach hut on mudeford spit in christchurch , dorset , is the same price as a five-bedroom house in kingswood , hull . owners will also have to shell out between # 2,500 and # 4,000 a year in ground rent to christchurch borough council for use of the hut . hut commands spectacular views across christchurch bay to the needles and the isle of wight , but the vista is presently blighted by a rubbish skip dumped on the beach
eve stratford , 22 , a glamour model who worked at london 's playboy club , was found with her throat slashed in her leyton home on the evening of 18 march 1975 . six months later , lynne weedon , 16 , was attacked and raped in an alleyway near her home in hounslow at 11pm on september 3 , as she returned from a night out with friends . she was found abandoned and barely alive at an electricity sub-station the next
kim pappas , 25 , was two hours into her working day at ceva logistics in wyandotte , michigan , on march 31 when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy - and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors . she has been charged with premeditated murder .
the tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it . this week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds . the young male is the second of its species ever seen .
miaojiao only survived because rain canopies , laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in zheng du city , central china . her mother , zheng jiayu , 31 , who left jiaojiao at home on her own , now can not afford the huge # 100,000 medical bill .
a us air base near kabul and military outposts in nuristan targeted today . the militants continue to pursue territory in north east afghanistan . their figures are exaggerated , the taliban 's new offensive is set to the start of fresh violence in the troubled country . taliban have been waging an jihadi insurgency since they were forced out of power in late 2001 .
the one direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa . in which he appeared to be rolling a joint while sat next to a box filled with a suspicious substance . now , a series of newly-released snapchat shots of the raucous gathering have emerged , appearing to show the 23-year-old singer in his hotel room in the small hours of thursday morning .
sgt louise lucas , 41 , was off-duty and on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter olivia in swansea , south wales . she was struck as they tried to cross the kingsway - a busy road in the city centre . onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but sgt lucas managed to push her daughter to safety and took the full impact of the collision . her daughter escaped with minor injuries in the incident on march
lucy mecklenburgh , 23 , has called on her younger sister lydia to join her in the latest beauty campaign for the fake tan brand . the towie star says her favourite feature is her ` small waist ' . lucy says her figure benefits from her healthy lifestyle and her mood .
kim woodward is the first woman to be appointed head chef at the savoy grill kitchen in its 126-year history . the 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of a string of matre chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the strand , london in 1889 .
andrew hichens will be working with one pc and two police community service officers in hayle in western cornwall . the 28-year-old is trained to respond to crimes , fires and medical emergencies . he has applied for the role after eight years as a fireman , training as an emergency first responder .
students from zeta beta tau at both the university of florida and emory university in atlanta , georgia , have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen . the event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families . but instead of being acknowledged for their service , some attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters , who were attending a formal , threw beer
samsung 's previous watches have rectangular faces , or in the case of the gear s , a curved design . in its press release , samsung said : ` the new wearable device will be the 7th generation of samsung gear with a wrist watch type ' . motorola , huawei and lg currently offer round watches , while the pebble steel and apple watch are square .
the midlands city topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations with almost 15,000 between 2013 and 2014 . newcastle is officially the most pest-infested place in the country with 5 % of those living on tyneside reporting problems with rats , cockroaches , wasps and other creepy crawlies . the north east city was followed by the city of london where 4.9 % of people reported problems , and in knowsley , merseyside , 3.
the women 's health initiative in the us and the million women study in the uk have both revealed strong evidence that hrt increases a woman 's risk of breast , womb and ovarian cancers . researchers found if women use combined hrt for more than 10 years , their risks are even higher .
the remote community in aberdeenshire does not even have a shop but local streams have been well known for grains of gold of ` significant size ' for decades . a significant deposit is believed by scientists to lie somewhere near towie which shares its name with the popular essex reality tv show . sleepy towie , population 300 , has a single road , a few houses , primary school , church , graveyard and a community hall .
christien sechrist , a 20-year-old from houston , texas , had a black and white image of his young son perseus etched onto the left side of his head in july . but a snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on imgur earlier this week .
bad weather may destroy weekend plans in multiple states , with both thunderstorms and tornadoes forecast to strike . the news comes after a tornado touched down in florida on thursday afternoon . the tornado took place at about 2:45 pm near belle glade in palm beach county , but did not cause any damage .
robert o'neill , who claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the al qaeda leader , will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in jackson hole , wyoming . potential attendees were contacted by the right-leaning for america non-profit and told to write back by may 10 for a chance to open fire alongside the shooter .
labour leader used keynote speech to suggest deaths of hundreds of refugees fleeing north africa could have been avoided if the prime minister had done more . in a briefing note sent out before the speech , labour went further - claiming the crisis was ` in part a direct result ' of mr cameron 's foreign policy . the allegation provoked a furious response from the tories who this morning demanded mr miliband apologise for the ` outrageous and disgraceful ' remarks .
george kirby and 91-year-old doreen luckie from eastbourne , east sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988 . the pair will have a combined age of 194 years and 281 days - smashing the previous world record of 188 years set by a couple in 2013 .
barbara anne beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in greenville on january 2 . the coroner 's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect . prosecutors are deciding whether to charge the family members .
elizabeth ` elle ' edmunds established an online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment . police alleged the 31-year-old mother from belmont , near newcastle in nsw , used a falsified doctor 's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $ 2500 from her page . in february , she was put up to the act by her violent partner john heagney , and did it because she feared for her life . in
the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for # 200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for # 739,212 . originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple . more than 45 people placing bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room , over the phone and on the internet .
christopher whitmore , 36 , pulled up behind to where his wife was parked with their son grayden in the backseat and killed his child . police said ball and whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated - but at this stage it is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting in varnell .
xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found in a small dark room by authorities earlier this week . now 34 , a very gaunt xie , who did not know what year it was when he was rescued because he was so isolated from the outside world , said he was hit with a hammer , never fed properly and beaten daily . when they arrived at the mill in qing cheng district on wednesday , they found large quantities
navinder singh sarao , 37 , is wanted by american prosecutors after allegedly causing the 2010 wall street ` flash crash ' and making more than # 26 million using a fraudulent trading technique . he is accused of using computer programs to create ` spoof ' transactions on the chicago mercantile exchange and faces charges which could carry a 380-year prison sentence .
the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . but mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $ 5 and up , depending on distance and demand .
the cheeky african elephant has become a regular visitor to etali in the madikwe game reserve for the past four years . troublesome likes to dip his trunk into the pools for a drink , but also enjoys having fun with the humans and has no problem spraying them with water . while sundowners on the deck overlooking a herd of local elephants is a regular feature for etali guests .
eva kor waited 70 years for a moment such as this -- and now , at last , she was face to face with a former ss man on trial for his alleged part in the slaughter at auschwitz . he placed a kiss on her cheek and listened to the words of the 81-year-old woman who , with her twin sister , was once the subject of josef mengele 's monstrous human experiments .
kerrie armitage , from leeds , suffers from aquagenic urticaria - an allergy to water . she was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm . now the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years , because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up .
bahar mustafa , 27 , student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london , posed in front of a ` no white men ' sign while pretending to cry . poster refers to ban on ` cis ' or cisgender men , a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match , which is opposite of transgender .
liam byrne , who was chief secretary to the treasury under gordon brown , left a memo on his desk after labour 's election defeat in 2010 . the memo , found by his liberal democrat successor david laws , said : ` dear chief secretary , i 'm afraid that there is no money . kind regards and good luck ' . mr alexander today sent a letter to the present chief secretary today .
benjamin mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out and he broke his wrist . the 35-year-old window cleaner , from bradford , was one of three brits who were arrested after naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of ireland in september .
jet set candy 's marry british royalty spinner charm comes in 14k gold vermeil or sterling silver for $ 198 and $ 148 , respectively . the charm has a double-sided wheel of fortune-style spinner , allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin .
aussies came together in huge numbers in sydney , while more paid their respects in queensland 's regional and coastal towns of gympie and coolangatta . tens of thousands also assembled at melbourne 's shrine of remembrance , despite cold and wet conditions . the gallipoli peninsula in turkey prepared to receive more than 10,000 people to its shores on anzac day .
dan churchill , 25 , has the us eating out of his hands - literally . but there was one hollywood starlet in particular who was won over by his ` bro burgers ' and cheeky aussie charm . appeared as a guest star alongside lively on good morning america on tuesday .
the lincolnshire resort joins picturesque places such as st ives and windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property . billy butlin located his first holiday park at skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year . it is number five among the uk 's holiday home hotspots behind windsermere .
labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike . he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern . but it has also been deployed when he is just making brief remarks or holding question and answer events with members of the public .
lisa heath , 45 , an assistant at willowtown community primary school in gwent , had been carrying class b amphetamines after police were called and quizzed her . initially denied the drugs were hers , saying they had been planted on her , but later changed her story , accepting a caution for possession .
biometric scanning , sustainable hotels and personalised bookings . by 2030 , digital advancements will have made the discovery , planning and booking of a journey into a seamless and intuitive experience . travel experience will become much more personalised in the next few years . computers through analysing our searches online and cross-referencing our preferences .
paul nungesser , a german citizen , was a ` serial rapist ' who assaulted her after class . the case gathered international attention as sulkowicz , a senior majoring in visual arts , publicly paraded her mattress in protest . columbia presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website .
 concept artist alex brady from cambridge has created beautiful images of what space travel might look like . he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to las vegas , with neon lights and plenty of attractions . he decided to try his hand at imagining what the future of space travel may look like , with a trip to ` space vegas ' .
the video features an australian pediatrician and an indian physiologist . it shows a cropped image of a doctor wearing an nhs style blue surgical scrubs . a stethoscope can be seen hanging around the male doctor 's neck and a microphone appears to be attached to his gown , suggesting the health worker was interviewed .
the app , dubbed ` project elysium ' , claims to do just that by creating a ` personalised afterlife experience ' with loved ones who have passed . the technology , which is still under development , could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers . the app 's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work .
diet pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to customer fears over its safety . the controversial sweetener has been linked to a range of health problems . pepsico said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the u.s. in response to customer feedback .
cherice moralez , 14 , killed herself before the case went to trial in august 2013 . judge g. todd baugh , 73 , sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that a 14-year-old girl shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher . baugh sentenced stacey rambold to just one month in prison in the case .
john elder and armin t. wegner documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a turkish government . as armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities , many western countries still do not use that word , and us president barack obama is once again unlikely to do so .
driver was caught on camera driving his honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the m11 in essex in 2009 . instead of coughing up a fixed penalty fine , he initially ignored essex police 's attempts to confirm who was driving the car before making up a series of stories to shift the blame .
the video , shot on kempink 's body camera , showed the deputy jumping a fence as he went to investigate a burglar alarm going off at the property last friday . within seconds of them approaching , he shot the closest dog , 18-month-old cowboy which is barking at him . he then turned his gun on the other which ran off .
jenna marotta , 27 , of new york , says her habit of picking at pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became ` self-sabotaging ' at first . her binge-eating cycle continued through college and after graduation , when she moved back home to her parents ' house in illinois .
the discovery was made by researchers in the atlantic forest of serra do japi . called hylodes japi , it was found to mate underground in secret chambers . males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes . and the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators .
a 27-year-old man , believed to be her boyfriend , has been charged with her murder after fleeing from officers when they stopped the car . ms d'addario , a former teacher at canberra high school , had been in a ` very tumultuous relationship ' with josaia ` joey ' vosikata , 27 , for about four months friends say . she found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in fiji after he moved into her
kate sullivan , who had lung cancer , was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at memorial sloan kettering cancer center in new york . the 50-year-old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers kimora lee simmons and diane von furstenberg .
anthony martinez reached his wits ' end trying to find a ` boy date ' . he was overjoyed when his straight guy friend , jacob lescenski , stepped in to fill the spot . martinez instantly responded to the question with a big ` yes ' and excited hug .
the 1986 janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery . the home office has refused to comment on the dossier , which could potentially conceal the name of a second person , it is alleged . last year nspcc boss peter wanless led a review of home office files from 1979 to 1999 and concluded it would be ` impossible ' to unearth this and the other 113 missing files .
jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozol , major league baseball said on sunday . the 25-year-old right hander , who is on the disabled list with an inflamed elbow , will not be able to play again until at least july .
randy and jodi speidel created online fundraisers on givefroward.com and gofundme.com in late february begging good samaritans for financial help . mrs speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter , had no running water and were close to having their electricity and internet service shut off . the couple were forced to limit their food intake to a single meal a day and did not have enough scraps to feed their two cats .
the uncomfortable footage - which uses actors - sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male , who looks her up and down , then gets onto the same train carriage as her . every time the man steps up his creepy efforts , the narrator - broadchurch actress olivia coleman - asks : ` would you report it ? ' .
ariana miyamoto , 20 , was crowned miss japan last month . she has faced horrific racial abuse growing up as the only black girl in her class in the port town of sasebo near nagasaki , where the us has a naval base and where her african-american father met her japanese mother .
former model bianca gascoigne , 28 , attacked by gang of eight on tuesday . attackers thought to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag . but she ran away when she fought them off in marylebone , london . she is said to have been left devastated given the nature of text messages .
karen buckley vanished after a night out in glasgow 's west end earlier this month . her remains were uncovered at high craigton farm , near milngavie , east dunbartonshire . her death certificate detailing the fatal injuries was signed by the 24-year-old 's parents marion , 62 , and john , 61 , who have spoken of their heartbreak at losing their ` cherished ' daughter .
lewis hamilton sprayed champagne straight into the face of one of the hostesses . leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as ` selfish and inconsiderate ' . others have called the driving ace an 'em barrassment to the uk ' . hamilton won the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday .
ukip leader said pain meant he was not ` firing on all cylinders ' during the early weeks of the election campaign . he revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury and had been prescribed temazepam , a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant . mr farage is known for having a cigarette in his hand but was pictured smoking an e-cigarette yesterday .
nicola sturgeon said she understands concerns of english voters about her party being involved in coalition government . scottish first minister said : ` oh my goodness how will it work ? it 's a mess ' . she also suggested david cameron had been ` not unhelpful ' to the snp by gaining the party greater publicity .
james webster targeted female shoppers at the lidl store in maidenhead , berkshire . the 35-year-old was caught after attracting attention of a fellow shopper . he placed the lens of a camera so he could carry out covert filming . he admitted outraging public decency at a previous hearing and was spared jail .
police began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through battery park city at 6am . officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars . for two hours it evaded capture , with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it ` like a suspect ' . at least four coyotes have been spotted around manhattan so far this year .
peter gale was dismissed by nonsuch high school for ` unprofessional and inappropriate conduct ' two weeks ago . the 47-year-old became the academy 's first male head when he was appointed to the post 18 months ago . school rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts .
writer julian fellowes announced the next series of downton abbey would be the last . but at least the hit show 's millions of fans can now look forward to more fun from the oscar winner . he plans another heady tv mix of romance , class struggle and social snobbery .
dale cregan has reportedly been moved from hmp manchester to ashworth hospital . the 31-year-old was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 . he was said to have started refusing food at the category a jail after being moved to solitary confinement .
bruno amadio 's portrait of a weeping child was thought to have been cursed . four people reportedly died shortly after sitting in this 200-year old ` chair of death ' now in philadelphia . this ` conjure chest ' is said to have caused the death of 17 people close to a slave master who murdered a slave .
robert downey jr was asked what he thought of alejandro gonzalez inarritu 's claim that superhero movies were ` cultural genocide ' . hollywood star said : ` look i respect the heck out of him . i think for a man whose native tongue is spanish to be able to put together a phrase like ` culture genocide ' just speaks to how bright he is .
the cherry picker collected drugs from the roof of hmp altcourse in liverpool . packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from roof . the hydraulic crane also recovered so-called ` legal highs ' as well as 22 phones , three sim cards and six chargers from the 60ft roof . it highlights the extent of drug use among the jail 's 1,300 inmates .
may pat christie , 51 , a managing director at new york city finance firm angelo gordon & co , ditched her $ 475,000-a-year position this week . the official reason for the resignation was ` to spend more time with her family and young children ' . the move is likely a precursor to christie 's bid for president .
alison saunders , 54 , sparked outrage last week when she decided the 86-year-old should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia . today , newly-released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years .
the apollo hotel , built at the dawn of the tourism boom in playa del ingles , has been entirely revamped as the swish , sumptuous , adults-only bohemia suites & spa . rooms , looking over the rippling dunes of maspalomas , include stylish touches such as an illuminated armchair by designer philippe starck on the balcony .
the actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their lake como home . the party is a belated celebration of mrs clooney 's 37th birthday in february . the sleeveless shift featured a see-through mesh design on both sides showing just a hint of skin but still keeping it classy .
michael foster appeared at a public ` hustings ' in camborne and redruth constituency . he objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by loveday jenkin . ms jenkins claims mr foster turned to her and said : ` you c *** . if you pick on me again i will destroy you ' .
artist marco evaristti , who is based in copenhagen , poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir , found around 70 miles to the north east of reykjavik , at dawn . when they boiled , vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result . professing that ` nature belongs to no one ' , he did not seek permission from local authorities before the stunt .
tony mccoy finished third in his 17,630 th race at sandown park . the irish jockey has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times breaking almost every bone in his body at least once . he has been champion jockey in britain and ireland since 1996 .
a man identified as walter witt on youtube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high calbuco volcano . since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views . the volcano has been dormant since 1972 and neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption .
shoccara marcus received a call from her sister in 2011 that her father had been diagnosed with cancer . within two weeks returned to her family 's atlanta , georgia home . in a project about the complexity of family dynamics , marcus said she expresses her feelings of isolation .
vince cable prides himself on being the tories ' bogeyman in the coalition cabinet . ` i 'm regularly voted their least popular cabinet member , ' he says with familiar hangdog smile . just as david cameron and george osborne privately describe nick clegg as a ` closet conservative ' .
kevin coulton , 16 , put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout . but the schoolboy was left with bruising round his chin and mouth . now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze . craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate kylie jenner 's bee-stung .
colin bloomfield , 33 , died at a hospice near his hometown of shrewsbury . fellow broadcasters have paid tribute to the ` perfect colleague ' and ` consummate professional ' whose positive outlook on life made him such a popular figure . bloomfield lost his battle with cancer after it spread around his body from a cancerous mole .
former blair ally charles dunstone is now supporting the conservative party in the election . the jobs figures alone are astounding : 2 million more people are in work -- a figure representing many , many personal triumphs . businesses are starting in record numbers . i really believe david cameron and george osborne deserve much of the credit for this incredible turnaround .
 panel convened by the global warming policy foundation -lrb- gwpf -rrb- , the ` climate sceptic ' think-tank led by the former tory chancellor lord lawson . sceptics have argued that the effect of such adjustments - made when instruments are replaced or recalibrated , or heat-producing buildings are erected close to weather station sites .
bobby brown has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina 's estate . this news comes just days after the 22-year-old 's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed . bobby was spotted earlier this week spending time at the dekalb medical center in decatur , georgia , where his daughter is being cared for .
the disgraced espn reporter was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game between the new york islanders and washington capitals . the 29-year-old was suspended for a week footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm . now that the suspension is over , i want to say again that i 'm so sorry for my recent hurtful actions .
breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests . the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened . for some women , the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent , which is as good as if not better than the odds for those who have chemotherapy .
the rogue european eagle owl launched itself from a roof onto a birdwatcher 's head . locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird . the 48-year-old spent around one minute perched on her head before flying off looking for its next perch .
the 47-year-old was invited to join other international celebrity guests onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg . as the fleet headed out of harbour , the guests all jumped off the vessels . joly , who is also a travel writer , shone with a flying leap off race leaders abu dhabi ocean racing 's boat , skippered by his compatriot , ian walker .
mother-of-two anna tilley survived after spending four days in intensive care with blood poisoning . patients ' lives are at risk from blood poisoning because hospitals are not implementing a standard treatment that can double their chances of survival . sepsis , previously known as septicaemia , affects more than 100,000 britons a year and kills 37,000 -- more than breast , bowel and prostate cancer combined .
last week qatar 's constellation group sensationally snapped up majority stake in the company that owns claridge 's . the eye-catching purchase was just the latest made by the qatari ruling family , who for the past eight years have been quietly buying up prestigious properties . they now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated # 740 million , and have spent # 11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the uk .
dana perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the walter reed hospital in washington , d.c. perino said these regular visits were usually filled with joy . she wrote in her new book and the good news is : lessons and advice from the bright side .
anzac day australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs all around the country . the game dates back to australia 's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s . on saturday , thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game in the spirit of the diggers .
a number of pages , written in arabic , have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty . they are said to be advertising ` reliable ' and ` comfortable ' travel to europe on overcrowded vessels for around $ 1,000 per person . the discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone .
comedian jenny eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in venus break with flavours . there are only so many hours one can spend on a kindle , and woman can not live by fiction alone . this is the time when the ` alternative holiday experience ' tickles your holiday tastebuds .
paul mason , 54 , from ipswich , suffolk , lost 46st in five years . had gastric bypass surgery in 2010 but nhs refused to give him an operation . now preparing to undergo an operation in the u.s. after plastic surgeon dr jennifer capla offered to carry out the procedure free of charge .
elizabeth elena laguna salgado , 26 , from chiapas , mexico , moved to provo about a month ago to study english . there is no evidence she was kidnapped , but she has n't made contact with anybody since she disappeared april 16 , provo police chief john king said .
pippa middleton said to have been buying up mull-cloth nappies in geneva . but they are all the rage in europe and pippa , 31 , may have learned of their merits . most of their appeal comes from the fact that they are made from natural fibres .
the eight-week-old labradors were found near a tennessee goodwill donation site on april 18 without any food or water inside of the box where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees . the puppies have worms and are malnourished , and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage , according to mckamey animal center where the dogs are being treated .
the image is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ` the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s . university of sydney 's professor of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences for women who should be choosing caesareans for health reasons .
john pat cunningham , 27 , was shot dead by the army in a field in 1974 . dennis hutchings , who has been charged with attempted murder , appeared at omagh magistrates court today and was released on bail . the bespectacled man appeared in court wearing navy jeans , trainers , a grey and white-flecked woollen jumper with a navy body-warmer-type jacket .
the zeta beta tau fraternity was suspended friday and charged with obscene behavior , public intoxication , theft , causing physical or other harm . the abuse occurred mostly when servicemen were walking past . the students were staying at the warrior beach retreat in panama city on april 17 . it is not known whether anyone in this picture was involved .
sir richard branson converted the old chapel in shipton-on-cherwell , oxfordshire , into a home in the 1970s . he brought the chapel into residential use while he was setting up his virgin recording business . the virgin logo has gone on to adorn trains , planes and a multitude of other businesses .
navinder sarao , 36 , made bold claim in october last year in email . us prosecutors allege he helped trigger ` flash crash ' of wall street . crash netted # 27 million in profits , they claim . he appeared at westminster magistrates ' court on wednesday and was bailed .
gary lincoln , 48 , was working in a house in cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist . he put in in his sleeve ` to hold everything together ' and was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month .
william kerr absconded from bail hostel in hull after he was released from hmp stocken in rutland on licence in january . 53-year-old was apprehended in the street in waterloo , south london , around 7pm on friday . his arrest came after a # 5,000 reward was offered for information about his whereabouts on bbc 's crimewatch .
the natural disaster has already claimed more than 1800 lives and 200 australians are confirmed safe . around 549 aussies are registered as travelling in the himalayan region . the family of 20-year-old perth volunteer ballantyne forder led a tireless campaign . ms forder was able to make contact with her family on sunday night .
ed miliband hired us guru who can help him convince himself he can be pm . services offered by extendedmind include coaching on how to look ` authentic ' . firm uses some american spellings despite being based in britain . in section entitled ` politics of authenticity ' , it adds : ` our answer to that question would be yes ' .
nicola sturgeon has been accused of savage violence in the september referendum . the 44-year-old has denied her sister 's claims she used to shave the heads off her barbie doll . the snp leader has racked up support across scotland since , with some fans even hopeful of a victory on may 7 .
macau has 26 casinos , including the largest in the world , the venetian . located at the mouth of the pearl river delta at the southern tip of china . the highlights for us were the ruins of st paul 's , elegant senado square , and a-ma temple .
dontrell stephens was shot by palm beach county sheriff 's office deputy adam lin , but the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting . stephens had on his person when he was shot was a cellphone . in the video obtained by wptv , stephens can be seen pulling his bike over next to a house after he realized he was being followed .
pauline mckee thought she hit it big in 2011 when , after putting a penny in the ` miss kitty ' game at the isle hotel casino in waterloo . but on friday the iowa supreme court ruled that the casino did not have to pay mckee because the game 's rules stated that the maximum award was $ 10,000 and that bonus awards were not allowed .
the seven year switch is an eight episode series in which couples live , eat , and even sleep with a new significant other . the show is set to premiere this summer . deadline reports that the series is named after the 1955 broadway show the seven year itch that was later developed into the film starring marilyn monroe and tom ewell .
olivia grant headed to phuket in thailand before the start of filming . she was staying at the luxurious sri panwa resort , which comprises a series of minimalist villas complete with surround-sound systems pumping out enya . villa co-ordinator pim immediately apologised for increased security around the resort .
vassilis is at the wheel of a speedboat thrumming across the sparkling seas off the mount athos peninsula in north-eastern greece . he is the boatman at the eagles palace , a long-established family hotel designed to look a little like one of the many monasteries further along the coast .
officers spotted the delorean in the back of a tranpsporter between stoke-on-trent and crewe yesterday morning . the vehicle was not travelling at 88mph and was allowed to continue on its journey to the future trilogy featuring michael fox . the car 's interior even had a multi-coloured hat similar to the one used by marty mcfly in the hit movie .
jay liptrot , 43 , was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200c inferno at a block of flats in prestatyn , north wales . his tenant lee-anna shiers , 20 , her partner liam timbrell , 23 , their baby charlie , 15 months , miss shiers 's nephew bailey , four , and niece skye , two , were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat owned by liptrots . lipt
east lancashire railway 's award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast 's calendar . pull on your glad rags and be transported back to wartime britain over the late may bank holiday weekend . visit top gourmet spots while soaking up serene coastal views .
adam barker , 47 , is an equal shareholder in handles for forks ltd . company made # 501,319 profit in the year to last june , which will be split with his sister charlotte , 53 , and brother laurence , 46 . previous year company made around # 300,000 and barker would have similarly received a one-third share .
the man , who can not be named for legal reasons , was given a life sentence after derby crown court heard how he ` took his daughter 's life ' through sexual abuse . depravity exposed when he impregnated her when she was just a teenager . as she watched her abuser being led away from the dock the girl ran towards him , crying out : ' i love you and miss you ' .
chip shop worker jeannie flynn , 53 , lay stricken in basement of fulham cafe . she was in a state of sheer panic as she heard passers-by screaming ` get her out because it 's all going to collapse ' . ms flynn was taken to hospital in fulham and was found to have suffered whiplash and bruising .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' . one of the notes allegedly said , ` i 've been here 22 years and no -lsb- expletive -rsb- and now
luis andres cuyun , 30 , was riding in a pickup truck when suspected mara salvatrucha gang members opened fire on him and his driver , who was injured in the attack . salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement in the shooting later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill cuyang as ` revenge ' for treatment of gang members .
software programmer charanjeet kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess . if he is right , the heir will have wispy blonde hair , dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old . he ran the same software when it was announced kate was pregnant for the first time with prince george .
the sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot just days before president obama visited utah earlier this month . the gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites . the window frame of the agent 's car was pulled from the door , which police believe could indicate the large case was ripped through the shattered window
brynn johnson and cassie miller have known each other for some time , but seven months ago they were brought together by a terrible tragedy . cassie was in her car picking up brynn 's son for preschool in tenino , washington , when she accidentally ran over rowyn , who was killed .
governor david ige has n't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues . the bill includes a $ 10 fine for first-time offenders . subsequent violations would lead to a $ 50 fine or mandatory community service .
the store front of its brixton branch was covered in shattered glass . it was spray painted in black across their housing advertisements . one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage . organisers denounced the violent actions of ` one idiot ' but said there could be a reason foxtons is ` continuously targeted ' .
andreas christopheros , 29 , was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in truro , cornwall . nicole phillips , 45 , from hastings in east sussex , has been charged with perverting the course of justice and is due to appear at bodmin magistrates court on april 30 .
mohammad ali akhtar was on his second shift at the premier stores in flixton , greater manchester , when the man stormed in brandishing a large kitchen knife . cctv footage shows the hooded thief vault the counter around 8.45 pm on tuesday before wrestling with the brave cashier . mr akhtar had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand .
dr adrian quarterman , of dundee university , is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy . the satellites will orbit the earth , covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light . if it works , it could mean solar power could even become viable in scotland , or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas .
valdosta state university found itself in the center of a controversy after a video shared on social media showed an air force veteran and former playboy model , michelle manhart . at the protest , manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag . she was banned from the campus of 11,500 students .
boffins are currently working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the apis mellifera or european honeybee . their final aim is to build a robot that thinks , senses and acts just like the tiny insects . it is hoped the remote controlled machines could be used to pollinate crops or even assist on search and rescue missions .
aaron kaufman , the former chief technology officer of blue shield , has been accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations , hotel stays and lavish nights out with reid . blue shield also mentioned reid in their complaint , saying that at one event bankrolled by the former employer she ` behaved inappropriately ' . lawsuit company spells out several cases of alleged overspending .
jeremy clarkson and his top gear colleagues harangued out of argentina . bbc claimed the plate , which read h982 fkl , was an ` unhappy coincidence ' . maria cristina barrionuevo said they were deliberately ` provoking people ' . she slammed their actions as ` arrogant and disrespectful ' .
simon wood , 38 , battled it out against emma spitzer and tony rodd . final followed seven weeks of tough challenges including chef 's table . mr wood served starter of octopus with chorizo and cannellini beans . he finished with dessert of lemon posset topped with seven garnishes .
david cameron will say the tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on . he will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side . highlighting margaret thatcher 's record as britain 's first -- and only -- female prime minister .
the mistley thorn has been around for ten years , and revels in an understated luxury . dinner alone would usually be about # 60 ; breakfast at least a tenner each . so that means the room costs a mere # 20 . mersea oysters are available year-round - as are colchester natives .
sabeen mahmud 's sandals remain in the footwell of the driver 's seat . the exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood . friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination in pakistan . a pakistani cameraman films her car hours after she was gunned down .
manchester university in indiana was on lockdown late friday night after a ` likely prank call ' about an armed person near the main administration building . police received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university , was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the building . the person was possibly armed with explosives .
the global coffeehouse chain said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the us and 1,000 in canada . it did not explain exactly what caused the outage , which began in the early evening on the east coast and in the late afternoon on the west coast . a nationwide shutdown of starbucks ' computer system friday evening prompted baristas to give away free drinks .
gary field was at the centre of fresh controversy last night after national front members turned up to campaign for him in the south thanet constituency . row started after a group of far-right supporters calling themselves the east kent english patriots supported mr farage at an event in broadstairs on friday evening . they were led by gary field , a former regional organiser for the english defence league , and enjoyed the protection of ukip 's security teams , which encircled the
australian doctor is the face of the latest islamic state propaganda video . the video shows a man with an australian accent who calls himself ` abu yusuf ' . he calls on foreign doctors to travel to the isis stronghold raqqa to help launch the ishs . vision shows yusf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope .
bruce jenner 's face has changed dramatically over the years . he has undergone countless cosmetic procedures , from multiple nose jobs to the shaving down of his adam 's apple , many of which have been documented as part of his well-known reality series keeping up with the kardashians .
the painting depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress , black suspenders on display and whip in hand . but instead of being offended , ms sturgeon is ` tickled ' by the image , so much so it is believed to grace the wall of her suburban glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband .
lindsay sandiford , 58 , broke down in tears last night when she learned that her close friend -- australian drugs gang leader andrew chan -- is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners on indonesia 's ` execution island ' , nusa kambangan . she believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs . chan has written at least three times to her since being transferred in march to nusakambangan
the brigadier general hassan abbas toufan , the commander of the iraqi first division , a member of the division and an intelligence officer said . a colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack in the nadhem al-taqseem region , north of fallujah in the anbar province yesterday .
in the latest video from the elders react series on thefinebros youtube channel , the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to snapchat with hilarious results . while many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app , which allows users to share photos that will disappear within 10 seconds , they still ca n't wrap their heads around the point of it .
a vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the anzac cove commemorative site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody gallipoli landings . australian prime minister tony abbott , his new zealand counterpart john key , prince charles and prince harry are among those in attendance .
geoff whitington , 63 , from ashford , kent , was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated . the problem will be all too familiar to anyone who has broached the subject of healthier eating with a parent who might not have the most up-to-date ideas about diet .
the password , 166816 , is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers . the vendor had been using the same default password since at least 1990 . this potentailly puts the devices at risk of being a target of a security breach . hackers would need physical access to the payment devices .
investigative journalists looking into possible exaggerations told by brian williams about his reporting are focusing on another episode from the nbc broadcasters career . a team at nbc tasked with delving into allegations that the former network star has misrepresented his experiences in war zones . a february clip from comedy central 's the daily show with jon stewart sees the anchor launch into a story about how he ` made eye contact ' with a government soldier on a horse who was beating protesters
former prime minister said snp leader nicola sturgeon 's answers are ` all evasion ' . but that her party want ` chaos and constitutional crisis ' at westminster . he warned that those casting their vote on may 7 will be deciding the future of scotland for the next few years .
isidro garcia , 41 , will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade . after an argument broke out at the home , the girl said , garcia took her to a neighboring county , where he told her she would be deported and separated from her mother if she contacted authorities .
daniel messel , 49 , of bloomington , was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder . her body later turned up in a rural area of brown county in needmore , which is more than 20 miles from campus . a photo circulated social media on friday in hopes of finding the gamma phi beta sorority sister who was studying psychology .
sergio gomez found ` large quantities ' of the silvery metal in a chamber at . the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years . because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in ritual ends , deeper into the complex gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting place of a king .
queen elizabeth ii placed 302nd on sunday times rich list with wealth of # 340m . her assets have been dwarfed by hundreds of financiers and businessmen . her wealth has increased year-on-year despite catastrophic economic crisis . len blavatnick , wife emily and brothers sri and gopi hinduja were pushed into second placed as their wealth was valued at # 13bn .
amanda goff , known to her clients as samantha x , is a former journalist . in her new book , hooked - secrets of a high-class escort , the 40-year-old said she was shocked her revelation garnered so much attention from the media . after being labelled ` a whore and a s *** and an anti-feminist ' , ms goff said the most troubling part of her ` coming out ' experience was the response she received from other mothers , who expected her children
nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at stanford university in california - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall . they are so successful they could be used in emergencies , in factories or on construction sites in the future . geckos have small hairs on their feet to enable them to scurry across ceilings and walls without falling off .
alondra luna nunez was mistakenly flown to texas on april 16 after a judge ruled in favor of a houston woman who believed she was her daughter . she was returned to her family in mexico on wednesday after dna testing in the united states showed she was not the long-missing daughter of houston resident dorotea garcia . the prosecutor 's office in the southwestern state of michoacan said in a statement that it is looking into the
qatar 's grip on london tightened this week when it agreed to buy a majority stake in claridge 's hotel company coroin . it is not known how much the deal is worth , but some have reported it could be as much as # 1.6 billion . constellation also recently bought london park lane hotel , and owns le grand hotel in paris .
susie clark , of evening shade , arkansas , found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on thursday . clark first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother , prayed to god , asking , ` are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today ? ' .
gable tostee , 29 , was on bail for the alleged murder of warriena tagpuno wright when tweed heads magistrate sentenced him to 10 months behind bars . the 29-year-old was reportedly four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase as he drove two passengers home to the gold coast from splendour in the grass . the accused murderer continued to drive on the car 's rims until the chase came to an end , after he
the public health agency confirmed the patient had recently travelled in an area affected by the disease . they are being assessed in accordance with the ` national risk assessment protocol ' at the royal victoria hospital , belfast . the results of the ` complex ' series of tests are not expected to be known until early next week .
sbs journalist and presenter scott mcintyre incited a hashtag that called for him to be sacked . the comments were met with disgust by twitter users who began the hashtag #sackscottmcintyre great day for australia ruined by this fool . the tweets are met with outrage by users who started the hashtag #"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
chris blowes was surfing 350 metres offshore near right point on the south-western side of fishery bay in port lincoln national park . the 26-year-old was out in the surf with about a dozen others when she ` massive ' shark struck . the victim was taken to hospital before being airlifted to adelaide .
latasha gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , were found dead in the grisly murder-suicide . steve o'shaughnessy , 23 , was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in prince albert . police found the infant unharmed when they discovered the baby unresponsive .
melissa klein and her husband aaron refused to make the couple , who held a commitment ceremony in june 2013 , a cake after learning they were lesbians in january of that year . the kleins were able to raise more than $ 100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating gofundme 's terms of service .
the woman was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at zetland in sydney 's inner-east . she was helped out of the vehicle by the officer and his co-worker at about 6.30 pm and did not suffer any injuries . the incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4pm . the second round of wild weather in new south wales came after just two days of clear skies and transformed parts of sy
ron ingraham , 67 , spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on thanksgiving . he eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of friday ingraham is missing again , in potentially even more danger than before . according to the u.s. coast guard , his ship ran aground on rocks around a mile west of hawaii 's lanai island .
xie xu met his 19-year-old classmate zhang chi when the pair began attending school together . zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy , a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight . each day xie carries zhang from their rooms to the school , and helps him with daily tasks such as getting meals and washing clothes .
the los angeles angels of anaheim are willing to pay almost $ 70million for josh hamilton to play in texas . hamilton admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in february . the 33-year-old outfielder still has about $ 83million left on the five-year $ 125million deal he signed with the angels in 2012 .
craig ` lazie ' lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies . he has been free to run a sneering facebook site from his cell in bedford prison . he is using it to make huge profits from websites selling legal highs . the 34-year-old is in constant communication with more than 400 ` friends ' .
police launched an investigation after seizing a package on april 9 with over a kilo of the date rape drug gbl addressed to fred pagan , office manager and personal assistant to sen. thad cochran -lrb- r-ms -rrb- . pagan was paid $ 160,000 in his senate role last year , the washington post reports .
the bionic bar is among many hi-tech gimmicks on board the 4,180-passenger anthem of the seas . passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips . the indoor seaplex activity area -lrb- the largest of its kind at sea -rrb- has bumper cars , a roller disco and circus school .
taylor swift and rumored boyfriend calvin harris spotted together after watching the band haim perform at troubadour club in west hollywood . none of which harris possesses . that is the fortune the 31-year-old pop leviathan has amassed since bursting onto the scene eight years ago .
designer and photographer yener torun sought to challenge the oned view of the changing city of istanbul . the 32-year-old photographer , who has lived in istan bul for 14 years , aims to show a clean minimalistic view of his city , as it contrasts with the ornate , ottoman architecture .
the 47-year-old is believed to have been attacked in woodland in pontypridd on tuesday before being taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left a town centre pub with . her body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' around 3pm on friday afternoon , prompting police to launch a murder investigation .
pm was outlining vision for black and ethnic minority communities . he said : ` this a country where people of all faiths , all colours , creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place ' . last week the conservative leader tweeted his delight at villa reaching the fa cup final by beating liverpool .
a 20-bed surgical unit at st mary 's hospital , london , has not accepted new patients in more than a week after eight were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae . antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine . if all goes to plan , the duchess of cambridge hopes to have her baby at the private lindo wing of the hospital , where her first child , prince george ,
since march the soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on diet coke as well - causing consternation for fans of the zero calorie , zero sugar version . coke has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red to ` help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the coca-cola range ' .
royals pitcher yordano ventura was handed a seven-game suspension , fellow starter edinson volquez given five games and outfielder lorenzo cain and reliever kelvin herrera got two games apiece . white sox 's jeff samardzija and five others have been suspended as a result .
ed miliband accused of trying to make political capital from mediterranean tragedy . labour spin doctors issued briefing note saying mr miliband would use speech on foreign policy to say ` tragic scenes ' in the mediterranean were ` in part a direct result ' of pm 's libya policy . lib dem leader nick clegg also condemned labour 's intervention .
sebastiano quagliata and his wife , valbona lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer . sytsma , 46 , was attacked by two cane corsos last july in metamora township , 45 miles northwest of detroit . the father-of-three was bitten eight times by two hundred-pound cane . the two have been in custody for months and were facing a second-degree murder
the splendour of the seas will be transformed by thomson , and launched under a new name next summer . it has had a colourful life , including providing a haven for victims of hurricane katrina in 2005 and acting as a hotel for the winter olympics in sochi in 2014 .
cosmo editor bronwyn mccahon says she regrets that her magazine did n't more thoroughly investigate belle gibson . the award is given to inspiring women in times of ` triumph and adversity ' - wo n't be taken off ms gibson , despite the whole pantry founder 's admission of lying about her cancers . the wellness guru had failed to hand over money raised through social media to five charities as promised . close friends raised concerns about her survival claims and gibson admitted her cancers may
deputy of disgraced former mayor lutfur rahman appeared to blame vote-rigging scandal on ` institutional racism ' . he insisted there was deep-rooted racism within the borough of tower hamlets . his comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud .
grace mann , 20 , was found dead in her rented home in fredericksburg , virginia . her parents , local judge thomas mann and his wife melissa , remembered their daughter in a brief interview a week after she was found choked to death . mann was described as a compassionate and principled young woman who wanted the world to be ' a safe place ' .
new york police commissioner bill bratton thanked four swedish cops who broke up a subway fight in the big apple this week . a video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media . officials from the united states and sweden have praised their efforts and they are set to return home as heroes .
leslie roy , 52 , and lee marie wright , 56 , were examined at a hospital and released . ` it was sheer joy , ' detective sgt. jeff marker said . they had been visiting relatives in ishpeming , in another part of the upper peninsula . instead , they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of girl scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of cheese puffs .
the avalanche buried part of base camp , raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers who are in the area , said gyanendra shrestha from the tourism ministry in kathmandu . a number of britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake.the identities of those who died in the avalanche have not yet been released .
the new jersey judge says the concert trip is n't evidence of bad parenting , despite protestations by the father . nj.com reports the girl 's parents are divorced , and her father accused his ex-wife of ` abusing her parental discretion ' by taking their daughter to the december 2013 concert at the prudential center in newark . the mother admitted to being a ` little on guard ' about taking her daughter , but that the girl was ` dying to go ' , so the mom
bruce jenner revealed he is a republican and a christian during the much-anticipated interview on her abc 20/20 special last night . he said ` i 've always been on the more conservative side ' when he was asked about lgbt issues - and replied ` yes ' when asked if he was a republican .
the brody worklounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being a part of an open office work community . it will be available late august starting at $ 2,700 , sort of resembles both a desk and an office and is created to limit distractions by creating a shelter .
steven davis , 57 , of milton , has already upset the families of some of bulger 's many victims ahead of its release in september . following the release of the first black mass trailer this week , mr davis said he and his family are upset and offended that people will be profiting from their tragedy .
samantha wills , from williamstown in south australia , welcomed the joey dubbed ` crash ' into her family after he was thrown from his mother 's pouch when she was hit by a car . ` he looked battered , bruised and i really did n't think he was going to survive when i found him but with a lot of love , care and research , i got him back to great health , ' ms wills said .
a contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on . many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minute 's silence on at least five occasions . the club is close to the martin place war memorial .
angela merkel has demanded a new european union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength . the call comes as europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the mediterranean , where hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern africa to italy .
researchers observed randomly selected parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in new york . they measured factors such as the adult 's level of engagement with the child and how distracted they seemed . children whose carers were distracted were ` significantly ' more likely to behave in this way .
peter moore was shocked after receiving document from hmrc last week . letter addressed to ` representative ' of peter william john moore and apologised . 47-year-old pottery factory worker , from stoke-on-trent , staffordshire , yesterday demanded an apology from the government .
senator rand paul shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous ` king of instagram ' dan blizerian . the 10-second video , obtained by daily caller reporter kaitlin collins , is titled ` lessons from dan blzerian ' . the game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes .
a teenager in the area has discovered the hard way that the locals should not be toyed with after his affront to a monkey left him sprawled on his back . footage captured on a cctv camera near an office in shimla , india , shows the playful monkey first jumping onto a ledge to watch pedestrians wander past .
felix david , 24 , was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people transitioning into society from psychiatric institutions . david was shot in the chest by officers during the 1.45 pm incident and later died at a local hospital . sources said david grabbed an officer 's radio and hit him over the head with it .
bus ploughed into passenger plane at tashkent airport in uzbekistan . damage on the vehicle is clear , although it is unknown if the engine of the boeing 777 jet was damaged or if anyone was injured . plane believed to be an uzbek airways service , the national airline of the country .
the two members of the navy 's elite sea , air , land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story . the names of the seals were withheld pending notification of next of kin . the base is in virginia beach .
paul shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl , who he was giving one-to-one tuition in a ` serious ' breach of his position of trust . the 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car . the father-of-one , of addlestone , surrey , looked shaken and spoke softly as he admitted two counts of sexual activity with a child . judge noel lucas ruled shorter could not be sentenced until
bulgaria 's got talent for folk acts features people of all ages swaying in stately unison . they are so proud of the music that when asked to include something in the capsule aboard the voyager 2 space probe . they sent tracks from the album le mystere des voix bulgares , in the hope that aliens would like it too .
diane sawyer 's explosive tell-all with bruce came to an end last night . his second wife published a blog detailing their love affair , idyllic marriage and the gender dysphoria revelations that led to their divorce . linda thompson , now 64 , met bruce at the playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife , chrystie crownover , the mother of his two eldest children .
colin shearing , 70 , failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced . he was convicted of indecent assault and had been given a week on bail . but swansea crown court heard he had crossed the channel and booked a room at the hotel des nation in paris . he then moved to a second hotel and then to a third in a bid to stay one step ahead of the police , who are hunting him across the continent .
the royal family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive . the day began in london with a dawn ceremony at wellington arch on hyde park corner , attended by princess anne . later the queen , joined by the duke of edinburgh , prince william and political leaders , led the nation during a ceremony at the cenotaph in whitehall .
1st lt michael alonso and 1st lma lt lantz balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal . alonso was charged with illegal possession , use and distribution of ecstasy and cocaine .
brendan rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy after liverpool were dumped out of the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . rodgers has spent more than # 200million since taking charge at liverpool in june 2012 . the red half of merseyside expect success and landed the league cup under kenny dalglish just before rodgers took to the helm .
john doyle , 79 , was left with a punctured lung and a broken rib . businessman genti rustemi , 45 , drove over the crossing point without slowing . mr doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the bmw as it hurtled past . after rustemi dropped off his daughter at a different school , he returned to the crossing minutes later in a fit of temper .
sian harkin , 54 , abused position of authority by signing cheques totalling # 30,000 . she claimed the work was to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth . but she continued to use it when she moved schools , court heard . but the proposed work , which never materialised , was never ratified .
the world 's most expensive footballer and real madrid star gareth bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of english football . he is joined by seven current barclays premier league players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the football league .
luke shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks . the left back had a decent game on his return to the team at stamford bridge . shaw admits he has struggled to live up to his # 28million price tag since joining manchester united in the summer . the former southampton defender says he has two sides to him .
rebecca rice , 16 , had tried everything to calm her nerves but knew the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her 11-year-old dog holly . after confiding in her teacher lorette esteve it was decided she could take holly into the five-minute recorded french oral test . ms esteve said staff at bodmin college in cornwall have worked with pupils to help combat stress during the busy exam period .
 capital one yesterday became first provider to scrap cashback offer . financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit . company scrapped deal after announcement last month of eu cap . cap will apply to all purchases paid for with a card in the eu . several credit card companies have millions of customers who earn hundreds of pounds or free flights if they clear their debts every month .
adriana alvarez , 22 , says even with assistance from food stamps , medicaid , and a child care subsidy , she is barely getting by , despite having worked for mcdonald 's for five years . she said her pay used to be even lower before she and fellow employees of the fast food chain began to protest .
tom ince gave blackpool a needed tonic after recent headaches . ince 's reluctance to show joy when finding the net in some style against his former club was understandable . since he left last year , initially on loan to crystal palace in january , there has been only despair on the seaside .
edward moore took a vulnerable student 's virginity just months after she confided in him that she had been abused by another music teacher . the 24-year-old said to her : ` oh my god , you have to forgive me , you will hate me one day ' . moore , from ascot , berkshire , was jailed for nine months on friday .
john caudwell bought the audley street garage in mayfair , central london for # 155million in order to knock it down . five townhouses , three penthouses , a mews home and 21 more luxury flats , rivalling properties such as one hyde park for the title of the world 's most desirable living space .
cole skuse opened his account with a 30-yard effort which could barely have been struck sweeter . the score was already 1-1 when , in the 29th minute , cardiff defender bruno ecuele manga stretched to clear on the edge of the box and the ball bounced to skuse .
west brom chairman jeremy peace is hoping to sell the club for between # 150million and # 200million . he has set a july deadline to complete any deal to ensure it does not drag out and hamper their summer transfer plans under head coach tony pulis . the baggies are 13th in the barclays premier league , seven points clear of the relegation zone .
bristol city beat bradford 6-0 in the sky bet championship . the robins reached 92 points with their 27th league victory of the season . joe bryan , luke ayling , aden flint and aaron wilbraham scored . bryan jumped highest to double bristol city 's advantage .
tony pulis insists west brom chairman jeremy peace has given him his word any takeover will not drag on . there is interest from groups from america , australia and china with peace setting a june deadline to seal any deal . the baggies are currently fighting to avoid relegation from the premier league .
stuart fisher said an unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an ` unorthodox and unacceptable ' way . the coroner also concluded that senior managers at lincoln county hospital had tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth . the report will come as a blow to the hospital , which has just been taken out of ` special measures ' .
the untouched north sentinel island belongs to india and remains an enigma . it is too dangerous to approach them due to hostility to outsiders . it 's unclear what impact the 2004 tsunami had on the population and the island , which is part of india 's chain of andaman islands .
 trials show avastin gives women around four months ' extra life . drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by european regulators . patients will have access via cancer drugs fund until it is considered for routine nhs use . it has been available in england via the cdf since last march pending licensing .
the activity of the sun can be amplified , producing mega storms that are even more dangerous to earth than others . this combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle , causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections -lrb- cmes -rrb- . they found that the changes seem to be driven by bands of strong magnetic fields in the sun 's hemispheres which emanate from the solar interior . it was already known that the sun goes through a solar cycle of 11 years ,
 protein world diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model asking ` are you beach body ready ? ' . campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company . the campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans . but the company 's marketing boss said the company is ` just trying to make the nation healthier ' .
philip gigante , 41 , was elected into the positions by residents of airmont , new york . he hopes his ` achievements and accomplishments ' are what constituents notice , and not his heritage . but residents living in the area who know his background disagree . vincent was forced to step down because of poor health .
dina amos-larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in salou , spain . she fell while talking to her mother on the phone on april 3 . the 21-year-old law student was in a medically-induced coma for two weeks . she was told of her injuries when she was brought round a week ago .
the man , who only gave his name as chris , ordered some computer equipment be delivered from griffith university at nathan in brisbane 's south to a parcel locker at sunnybank . the tracking information of his delivery detailed its three-day , two-state odyssey . the package was picked up from the sender in nathan , queensland , on monday , april 20 at 12:26 pm . it was then sent 934kms to an australia
harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near tony hunt 's home . but instead of tracking down the owner , officers involved knocked on a neighbour 's door . witness then described seeing them ` scooping harry up and placing him in the bag ' . mr hunt , from normanton , derby , is demanding an apology from police .
at least one is dead after a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta , and crews searched late on saturday for at least four people missing in the waters . the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9 p.million.
footage shows convoy of jihadist insurgents triumphantly celebrating victory . just hours after the eight-minute video was filmed , syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on jisr al-shughour , killing some 20 fighters . the city in the northwestern idlib province was captured by a terrorist alliance .
ian brady , 77 , was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley . brady murdered five children between 1963 and 1965 along with accomplice hindley , who died aged 60 in 2002 . in a series of rambling letters , he wrote : ` this cell block is described as a discharge ward , i 've been sitting here 30 years ... and there 's no turnaround of inmates unless in a coffin ' .
snp want to eject trident from scotland , but conservatives and labour have committed to retaining the base on the clyde . a party was sent to gibraltar in january to determine whether the option could work . one can only assume it 's part of broader contingency planning , the source said .
the latest costa will open on the site of the former dedworth road hsbc branch . less than 500 yards away is a costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year . it means there will be two costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart . planners said there was no legal reason to refuse .
new nhs guidelines urge gps to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s . they are also being told to ask whether the patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates . medical professionals say it is ` blatantly wrong ' and will frighten the elderly into thinking they are being ` written off ' .
the 33-year-old royal 's baby is expected before the end of april . but later claimed to actually be as early as wednesday last week . either way kate - who plans to give birth at st mary 's hospital in paddington , central london - is now overdue .
perry clawson , a former army colonel , was pictured outside the university of florida 's zeta beta tau frat house in gainesville . he said members had ` p ***** d off ' servicemen across the country with their actions , pitched up outside the building . the flag accompanied him on two tours of duty to iraq .
tayler chaice buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an aspen dental facility in alabama on friday morning after developing agonizing toothache which would not go away . but after calling the dentist 's office , she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning that she had no time to find a babysitter for her infant son , attley . instead , tayler was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility
simon wood , 38 , from oldham has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson . everything the 38-year-old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows . he also found out a lot from watching chefs when i go to a restaurant .
london mayor , who appeared alongside mr miliband on the bbc 's andrew marr show , launched a furious personal assault on his rival . the pair ended up laughing off the attack , responding : ` come on boris , you 're better than that ' . mr johnson insisted labour could not take power without the support of the snp .
former fbi director louis freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in barnard , vermont . the 64-year-old was airlifted to dartmouth hitchcock medical center in lebanon , new hampshire and was eventually flown to a local hospital . freeh lost control of his vehicle and crossed into oncoming traffic before driving off the road and into a tree .
in total , 272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome were hospitalised in england over the past 12 months . actual number affected by their mother 's drinking could be far greater , experts have warned . equates to about 7,500 every year , according to the world health organisation .
max azria 's home is spread across three acres in holmby hills , one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city 's ` platinum triangle ' and bordered by beverly hills and bel air . visitors to the sprawling home , dubbed maison du solei , are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals . there are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore , and that 's not
three women filmed twerking in front of malaya zemlya monument in novorossiysk , southern russia . prosecutors said their ` erotic and sexual twerk dance ' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war and jailed two of the women for ten days and a third for 15 days .
new video created by oprah winfrey 's own tv reveals what 's happening in a child 's mind when they become angry and upset . when i 'm mad , my brain can get a headache and it can start hurting , ' says one child , explaining what goes on in his head when he starts to feel angry .
rich buyers demanding lower ` ed miliband ' price to compensate for future mansion tax bills introduced by labour leader if he becomes prime minister . estate agents in london are said to be offering a higher ` cameron price ' and lower ` miliband price ' for same property . annual levy will hit his own home in north london .
the steel-and-glass building has specially designed ` huddle zones ' and a ` meeting tower ' on stilts in the atrium . one of the running jokes in w1a is that its fictional meeting rooms are named after popular entertainers -- hugh bonneville 's character ian fletcher .
sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis . patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day . but uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill treatment .
adele mckenzie found the dress she had dreamed of wearing when she married her partner of nine years , david elliot . the 31-year-old said when she slipped into the white lacy gown , she instantly saw herself standing in front of her friends and family and exchanging marriage vows with the love of her life . she started paying in february and planned to pay off her dress by july - around three months before her wedding - giving her time to make alterations . in early
 eligah christian , 49 , was taken into custody friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars . earlier friday , an officer spotted christian driving a 2014 motorhome near wasilla . he was being sought on a $ 100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud , 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks .
david cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign . he has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion . he said he made ` no apology ' for focusing on the economy . he will appeal to small firms and the self-employed , saying while labour sneers at those who work hard , his party backs them .
researchers quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students . asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people who were sober , tipsy and drunk . but too much booze leads to ` excessive and unattractive ' changes in facial expressions , like bridget jones , the study found .
french cheese board staple brie placed fourth -lrb- 29 per cent -rrb- followed by italian parmesan in fifth , followed by the french cheese board . a third of brits say they ca n't enjoy cheese without a dollop of their favourite pickle .
dr alex zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date . he is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements with frequent health checks , while shunning marriage , children and material assets .
sharon and mike tierney have taken their mutual upkeep to a whole new level , believing that ` the couple that waxes together , stays together ' . sharon , 45 , trims her 40-year-old husband 's eyebrows , waxes his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair .
espn 's first take anchor stephen a. smith is under fire for claiming that floyd mayweather jr. 's boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history . smith said that he understood why she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and ` should feel that way ' .
prime minister said scottish national party would prop up minority labour administration in hope that government would be a ` disaster ' . but liberal democrat cabinet minster danny alexander accused pm of ` playing with fire ' by stirring up ill-feeling between scotland and england in a way that would only fuel support for independence in next year 's elections .
the british public are keeping their fingers crossed that they will opt for a traditional name . according to yougov survey for the sunday times , 12 per cent of people questioned thought that the child should be named after william 's mother - diana the princess of wales . alice is the name of the queen 's aunt , who passed away in 2004 aged 102 .
the 41-year-old mother-of-two has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race in the capital and a result wo n't be running with the other female elites but with the masses . femail looks back on the career of the inspirational running super mother .
madison hurd , 16 , had been dreaming of her prom all year . but a sudden infection landed the 16-year-old junior from seward , nebraska in the hospital . nurses spent their day off doing hurd 's nails , makeup and hair , getting music and a cake , and decorating her room with streamers and balloons .
zoe o'connell lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with her two canvassers sarah brown and sylvia knight . the 37-year-old is standing for the lib dems in maldon , essex , and is using her complex personal life at the forefront of her campaign .
after five customers reported having ` thermal incidents ' , holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the holden colorado - suv or ute - to have their cars checked out immediately . this latest safety issue makes holden the most recalled car brand in 2015 , with five recalls in only four months .
the oil painting measures nine inches by seven - of a catholic saint . it was believed to be the work of a ` follower ' of 16th century renaissance master el greco . but the selling price suggests the untitled , undated and unsigned painting may actually have been done by the artist himself .
the yellow protein world ad features a bikini-clad model next to text reading ` are you beach body ready ? ' the sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners . online fitness store protein world , who claim the image is entirely unphotoshopped , have been actively engaging in the furore on social media .
professor stephen hawking appeared at the sydney opera house on saturday night as a 3d hologram from his physical location at cambridge university in the uk . during the show professor hawking was asked about the cosmological effect of former one direction singer zayn malik leaving the boy band .
shops are full of red dresses this year , so should you be tempted to trade in your lbd for an lrd ? it 's a colour that radiates energy and sexiness , but that can all be wrecked if the style does n't suit you . we asked kate battersby to try six looks to see which work -- and which absolutely do n't .
the strongsville pet owner was inside a walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot . in the recent ohio incident , the woman was left ` looking uncomfortable ' as she sat in her unventilated nissan sentra . in truth or consequences , new mexico last june , the pet owner in question was n't as eager to put the incident behind her .
the illegal animal traders had kept the terrified three-year-old in the box for two weeks . the men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market when they were stopped at a check point trying to cross into sierra leone from guinea . traffickers were caught during a joint operation by the guinea ministry of environment .
 intrepid travel , who run 800 trips across the world and have 100,000 customers each year , have decided not to take any more bookings to nepal until may 11 . the search goes on for those missing in the quake , the british foreign office has advised tourists in nepal to follow the advice from local authorities .
a man driving to work in alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week . that set off a chain of events that included a deputy 's pursuit , a crash , and an arrest . a man contacted police friday after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning near piedmont , calhoun county chief deputy matthew wade told wbrc-tv .
david duane watson , a 46-year-old firefighter , was arrested without incident saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife linda watson . police say the dispute continued after watson 's murder as her mother marilyn cox , 63 , tried to obtain visitation rights . three years after her daughter went missing , cox and her neighbor renee farnsworth , 53 , were shot dead in the driveway of linda 's home .
pm was giving campaign speech in south london when he joked that everyone should back his team - but then named west ham instead of the west midlands giants . mr cameron compared himself to the green party leader natalie bennett who infamously blamed a ` brain fade ' after a disastrous interview .
scottish first minister said mr miliband simply ` wo n't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may ' . comes after miliband repeatedly insisted he would not enter into any deal with the snp after the election - either as a formal coalition or a looser pact to put him in number 10 .
karla hornby said she thought she was going to die when she gave birth to baby freddie , weighing just 2lbs , by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in benidorm . mr jackson , 21 , a soldier in the army 's royal logistics corps , is meant to report back for service tomorrow .
chris blowes was mauled by a great white shark in south australia . the 26-year-old is in a critical condition at the royal adelaide hospital . the surfer was airlifted to port lincoln hospital on saturday . mr blowes ' family have released a statement expressing their gratitude .
documentary lair of the megashark was just off new zealand 's stewart island . they tried to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator . the men can be seen panicking as the great white uses it 's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat .
suzanne evans said she will step in as leader if nigel farage quits . ukip leader has also pledged to be ` gone within 10 minutes ' if he fails to win . but she played down his medical problems and asked her to ` carry on the mantle ' . she said : ` he 's going to win and i can not wait to see him in the house of commons ' .
the belmond hotel cipriani is on the island of giudecca , just a few minutes by water taxi from saint mark 's square . guests can try two special cocktails that george created with head barman walter bolzonella - ` nina 's passion ' .
james holmes , 27 , studied brain disorders as a doctoral student before he killed 12 people and injured 70 more in one of america 's deadliest mass shootings . prosecutors said he was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training , but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence . if not , prosecutors will press for the death penalty over life in prison without parole .
hudsonian godwit was spotted at the shapwick heath in somerset . more than 1,000 twitchers had lined the water 's edge to catch a glimpse of the bird . the commotion started when a birdwatcher identified one of the rare birds on the someret levels and word got around .
saturday 's freak weather could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions and bursts of ice-cold air . many took to social media to post incredible pictures of residents tobogganing and snow boarding down streets in newtown . a large storm with an east coast low have always occurred within australia , passing through every few years .
the fbi is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in southern california because of a ` known threat ' to lax from isis . officials found out earlier that isis called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot . the investigation and security increase started after intercepted communication and other intelligence information led officials to believe that a plot could be under way .
mark-francis vandelli has opened up his watch collection to the evening standard , showing off some of the 16 eye-wateringly expensive timepieces that he has been collecting since his teens . the 26 year old has got into the habit of buying a new watch each year , so that he will have an impressive collection by the time he reaches middle age .
pm today faced first serious criticism of campaign so far . but defiant mr cameron pledged to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues like jobs , business and childcare . he said he would campaign on ` more jobs , more homes , more business , more childcare , more security in retirement ' .
paul gambaccini blamed the presenters ' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings . the 66-year-old said it is a complete failure because it has not accomplished what it was set out to be . the chart show has become an extension of its presenter 's personality rather than an objective programme .
in women the two fingers are typically the same length , according to popular mythology , men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts . men in pubs discussing the top speed of a car they are never going to drive , let alone own . in an emotional crisis , they are more likely to offer sympathy .
shadow business secretary chuka umunna said nigel farage had ' a problem with race ' following his remarks last about ` fully black ' and ` half black ' ukip supporters . row started after far-right supporters calling themselves the east kent english patriots supported mr farage at an event in broadstairs .
massimo vian , one of the heads of milan-based luxottica , said his team was looking to improve on the internet-connected device . however , google stopped selling the first version and shut its explorer program for google glass earlier this year , prompting speculation about the demise of the wearable gadget before it became widely available .
more than 1,000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km-long queue outside tribhuwan international airport . despite plummeting temperatures and rain , crowds had started to form outside the building late last night . even more passengers flocked to the airport this morning , including families huddled together beneath blankets .
a week ago , 50 earthquake scientists from the world met in the capital kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster . resting on colliding tectonic plates , nepal is under constant threat of earthquake . but experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents .
chelsea bruck , 22 , went missing while dressed as poison ivy in friday 's halloween party . she was dressed as the fictional comic villain at the party and was wearing a leaf-covered top and a dark purple wig . her body was n't clothed when workers found it while trying to free a dump truck from soggy soil .
abby lubiewski was born with hallerman-streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts . she can only perceive light and dark when she 's not wearing her specs . when she received her daughter abby 's photographs , she immediately saw that her child 's smile was strained .
danny nickerson , 6 , of massachusetts died of an inoperable brain tumor in october 2013 . last july , his birthday request for cards with his name went viral . on friday , his mother carley nickerson shared on a facebook page , danny 's warriors , that her ` precious sweet boy earned his angel wings ' after a ` courageous 18-month battle ' .
hrh prince george of cambridge is third in line to the throne and born into a life of palaces and privilege . tommy 's mother , whose name , as it happens , is kate , and father paul , 41 , are regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince 's lookalike .
former apprentice star margaret mountford will reveal the island was the magaluf of its day , and a capital for sex tourism . professor edith hall from king 's college london tells the programme : ` lesbos had a very particular reputation for producing very beautiful women . they really were supposed to be the sexiest people in the entire greek world ' .
kathmandu , the capital of nepal , recognised as a unesco world heritage site because of their unique architecture . but several of the most recognisable buildings in the city , including towers and temples , now lie in rubble after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit the country yesterday morning .
doctors in kurdistan are breaking the law by performing abortions on young yazidi girls who have been released after being held as sex slaves by isis . some of the victims have returned after falling pregnant by their captors and further at risk at being ostracised by their community , which frowns upon pre-marital sex .
sarah , 36 , and mark brennan , 35 , from south wales , never gave up hope of becoming parents despite being told they 'd never conceive naturally . yet last september they defied doctors to have eryn , who was born seven weeks early , weighing just 3lb 11oz .
the 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the sydney harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace . the sandstone and brick cottage has a formal lounge and dining room with original fireplaces , high ceilings and an open-plan kitchen . only one of two freestanding properties in the new south wales government 's controversial social housing portfolio earmarked to be sold in the suburb .
major steve thompson with the alabama department of public safety 's marine patrol division said that one person was found dead on saturday . during a press conference on sunday , authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the dauphin island regatta . the regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people .
mara jose carrascosa , a 49-year-old native of spain , was released from jail friday night , the record reported . she was paroled last year after moving her daughter , then 5 , to spain when the girl 's father , peter innes , was granted custody of the child .
neville knight was shot in march 1962 by a 17-year-old milat who was riding in the back of his taxi . mr milat confessed the shooting was his murderous brother 's first violent crime , despite police never once considering him a suspect . ` ivan shot him - he told me the next day , ' he said .
ais zanotti , 30 , first became interested in the high-flying sport when a friend recommended it to her . now the brunette , who has modelled for playboy , gq , esquire and maxim , has 35 cover shoots under her belt , thousands of feet in the air .
visitors to the service at st paul 's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's historic victory over napoleon in 1815 . but last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' .
the works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor , peter o'mara 's darling point home along with a bronze statue and silver bowl . the items were stolen between july 17 and august 10 , 2010 . the discovery found works like victoria and moonlight by charles blackman .
bill spedding , 63 , has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault . the mother of the three young boys , who can not be named , was shocked to discover that the children had been living with a man accused of child abuse . the boys ' grandfather told the newspaper ' i am very concerned about what may have happened to my grandchildren ' .
joshua quincy burns , formerly of brighton , was sentenced to three years ' probation with the first served in livingston county jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month . he and his wife brenda burns , say he is innocent and that he grabbed their daughter naomi 's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in march 2014 . but the couple call it ` an accident ' , not child abuse .
megan sheehan , of san francisco , claims cameras footage of bay area rapid transit officers and oakland police conflict with what police say happened . she had been arrested and booked at the santa rita jail for suspicion of resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and public intoxication on st. patrick 's day of 2014 .
scott mcintyre condemned the commemoration of anzac day on twitter . he accused australian diggers of committing war crimes which included ` widespread rape and theft ' . in a joint statement , sbs managing director michael ebeid and director of sport , ken shipp said mcintonyre 's ` highly inappropriate and disrespectful ' comments have 'cause d his on-air position at sbs to become untenable ' .
lebron james hit a one-handed shot , which traveled almost the entire length of the 94-foot court , on saturday . just before the full-court shot hit nothing but net , ` king james ' said : ` give me my money ' . james is averaging 29 points , nine rebounds , and six assists .
saturday night live cast member cecily strong took aim at barack obama and washington 's elite when she hosted the correspondents ' dinner . she continued with a barrage of jokes skewering the president 's inner circle and assembled media , including hillary clinton and nbc at the annual event dubbed the ` nerd prom ' .
marsha yumi perry , 36 , was tracked through a field by a washougal police dog on friday , who stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in . after officer kyle day , who could not see her , warned he was about to unleash the dog , ` the ground moved , and she sat up , ' police said . perry was taken to peacehealth southwest medical center in vancouver .
russian president vladimir putin claims intercepted phone calls prove the us helped chechen islamic insurgents wage war against russia . in a documentary aired today on state-owned rossiya-1 tv channel , he said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between north caucasus separatists and us secret services .
robin barton , 25 , was just four hours old when he was abandoned behind a garbage dumpster on november 21 , 1989 . he had heard the sound of a ` very low meow ' and at first thought it was a cat behind the dumpster . the two met for the first time since the incident , which occurred 25 years ago , last week and embraced .
from sweeping curves of arizona 's the wave in the u.s. to the fairy chimneys of turkey 's cappadocia , the simple flow of water over stone has created some remarkable features that look as though they are n't even of this planet . many of them are incredible natural deceptions , such as yellowstone national park 's grand prismatic spring .
katia apalategui 's mother coped with losing her husband by holding on to his pillowcase which his smell clung to . this inspired the 52-year-old french insurance saleswoman to think of a more permanent way to capture a person 's individual scent . strong link between smell and memory is the reason her product will provide ` olfactory comfort ' to customers .
james hayward arrived at east midlands airport with his parents , phil , 44 , and hazel , 38 , with his brightly coloured toy . but security officers , who were described as ` over-zealous ' by the boy 's father , then took exception to james 's harmless toy when it was picked up on the system 's x-ray machines . they demanded he hand it over , and they also performed a thorough patting down and inspection of the primary school child .
surveation poll for the mail on sunday shows a swing towards the tories . david cameron has surged ahead by three points in the polls going into the final stage of the election . the conservatives are on 33 points , followed by labour on 30 , ukip 18 and the lib dems 9 .
 temitope adebamiro , 35 , was charged with first-degree murder on friday after being called to her home in bear , delaware , early on thursday morning . when they arrived at the home around 12:40 am , they found 37-year-old adeyinka adebiro unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes . paramedics pronounced him dead about an hour later and the delaware division of forensic science ruled
courtney terry , 27 , was diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23-year-old brother jordan seven years ago . but despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal , her kidney cancer - which is so rare it does not have a name - returned when she became pregnant in 2009 . doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition . now she and her family are relying on the kindness of strangers to crowdfund their wedding .
the footage shows a young man , thought to be an adelaide power fan , taunting clarkson as he made his way back to his adelaide hotel room . the man reportedly ` got in his face ' yelling ` hey clarko , how was the win today brother ? ' in the video , which was provided to channel seven , the fan is seen shouting in the face of the hawks coach .
jeremy clarkson was seen laughing with a traffic warden in london . the warden recognized the former top gear host immediately . the pair chatted for a few minutes and the conversation must have been a good one . he then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket on the eye-catching lamborghini .
protests to demand answers in the case of freddie gray , the 25-year-old black man who died in baltimore police custody last week . after a few hours of peaceful demonstrations , scores of rowdy protesters crowded outside camden yards , where the boston red sox in ten innings . spectators at the game , with a reported attendance of 36,757 , were told they could not leave the baseball stadium until cleared to do so by police , who allowed them to exit shortly
photographs show the hungry three-year-old big cats attempting to hunt the much larger hippo in the depths of zimbabwe 's hwange national park . at first , as the lions approach the large mammal , the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water . however , as they continue to prowl , the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two predators , successfully scaring them off .
christian trousedale , 18 , walked the elderly man to his front door , holding his hand as they made their way to his home in horwich , near bolton . his act of kindness was seen by samantha-jayne brady , who stopped them to take a picture which she then posted on facebook .
the man , believed to be in his 20s , suffered head and chest injuries . medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash . two fire engines from warwickshire and northamptonshire air ambulance attended the scene in southam , war wickshire .
sandra konopelski of shiloh , illinois , was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between swansea and belleville on friday morning . she died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene . she was licensed by the illinois department of natural resources as a wildlife rehabilitator .
jamie robbins stole # 1,600 from the select 'n' save shop in birmingham . the 35-year-old was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article . judge murray creed described the events as ` unusual ' .
the former chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders peta on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at harvey nichols after it abandoned its fur-free policy . the department store 's current range includes coyote fur courtesy of canada goose , raccoon fur from charlotte simone and plenty of rabbit pelts from vince .
amira abase , 15 , left bethnal green with shamima begum 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 . she is believed to be living in the syrian city of raqqa . now , nearly two months after her departure , amira has shared a snippet of life in the islamic state .
ed miliband will say labour 's reduction in rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers -- saving them up to # 5,000 in tax . labour claims its tax break would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance , higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to keep properties up to standard .
tracey woodford , 47 , was found dismembered in a flat in pontypridd , wales . her body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' at the flat on friday . her family have described her as ` very kind-hearted ' and ` selfless ' . christopher may , 50 , will appear in court tomorrow charged in connection with the murder .
andy erlam will stand as a ` martin bell ' - style anti-corruption independent candidate in his place . last week mr erlam led four ordinary voters who defied threats , financial ruin and official apathy to have lutfur rahman unseated from office by an electoral court .
john caudwell , 62 , said visitors to his 50-room jacobean manor in staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs . businessman believes the ghostly goings-on are being caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy who died in the 17th century conflict .
lord greville janner could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia . family of the 86-year-old politician has been told he will not face child abuse charges because of his memory problems , but he could still face civil action from complainants . each could claim up to # 100,000 .
the bbc is to air a two-hour , real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a british waterway at a leisurely 4mph . the film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on may 5 as part of the bbc four goes slow series of deliberately unrushed programmes .
the acting ceo of the clinton foundation acknowledged that the global philanthropy made mistakes in how it disclosed its donors . the fund had been facing allegations of improper behavior after reports surfaced about undisclosed donations from foreign governments and a donor who was selling his uranium company to a russian state agency at the same time the state department had to approve the sale .
jon reiter , a contractor from kenwood , california , was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit . he described how he tended for the injured even after doctors told him there is little chance they will survive . at least 17 climbers , including three americans , and many sherpas died .
luke stanwick , 30 , is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma . he may never walk again after the ` horrendous ' accident in portugal . police officer from hailsham , east sussex , was on holiday with his family . his father , michael , 62 , said it was too early to know whether luke 's injuries will leave him permanently disabled .
the g36 was created for the requirements of the german armed forces . it is also used in britain by counterterrorism police . the heckler & koch g36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range . it also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight , exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly .
labour 's plans to impose rent controls are ` economically illiterate ' and will slash investment in new housing , leading to tenants being evicted by their landlords . he said rent controls would give millions of ` forgotten ' renters a fairer deal by helping those stuck in so-called generation rent by soaring house prices .
a teenage waitress claims england footballer aaron lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the vip suite of a nightclub . the 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the # 55,000-a-week tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye .
patients who always see the same gp are more likely to have cancer symptoms missed , research has shown . findings are worrying because britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in europe , and this has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms . even delays of a few weeks can be vital because the cancer can quickly spread to other organs and become very difficult to treat .
more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the nazi camp including diarist anne frank and her older sister margot . today , hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials . officials also attended the ceremony including joachim gauck , the german president , who said the british soldiers were ` ambassadors of a democratic culture who were not looking for revenge ' .
maren sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 . a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder . after a week of somber remembrances at the school , her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember sanchez on the anniversary of her death .
police ignored the sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff . whistleblower tony brookes said money was diverted away from protecting the children from rape , trafficking and beatings . offences were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last labour government . now it has emerged the same targets were linked to performance-related pay for top officers at south yorkshire police .
prince george was born in july 2013 his birth was first announced in an emailed press release . a formal notice signed by the doctors who delivered him was then taken by police escort to buckingham palace and displayed at the gates to retain ` the theatre ' of a genuine royal occasion . this is the birth of a child who will be in line to the throne .
british tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after apple watches . but it 's only one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time . and while these smartwatches might sound as if they 're just for tech-savvy geeks , whether you 're a fitness fanatic , want to track your sleep and calorie intake or simply like the idea of checking your emails on your wrist .
chris strodder has created a handy book , the disneyland book of lists . it contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and those more obscure . here , mailonline travel looks at some of the more unusual facts about the world-famous resort that you may not have known about .
christopher marinello , 53 , track down nine paintings including works by chagall and rivera stolen from an la mansion . he said the london-based founder of art recovery international . he is representing the heirs of art dealer paul rosenberg in their bid to recover henri matisse 's 1921 femme assise .
chris lewis , 68 , has brought the unusual court case against 48-year-old former wife nicola over the child he helped raise as his own for 17 years . in court documents he claims she had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage , but did not tell him . she had a child -- charlie , now 19 , as a result but led him to believe the boy was his .
the 25-year-old black man died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries . mourners passed by gray 's silk-draped , white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt , black pants , white sneakers and an all-white los angeles dodgers baseball cap .
the nctc interviewed families of hostages , including the parents of journalist james foley , who was killed by islamic state fighters . the family of a us contractor held by al-qaeda militants , warren weinstein , confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release . the obama administration has denied making any such threats .
rail firms came under fire for planning a series of fare hikes of up to 87 % . prime minister has requested first great western -lrb- fgw -rrb- ` urgently review ' decision . decision to double some fares on route between london and cotswolds . passengers travelling from charlbury can currently purchase off-peak return .
juanette cullum , 48 , was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed american airline officials . the miniature liquor bottle was hidden in one of her closets . cullum has been charged with grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property and was released on her own recognizance .
the mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child . things were so difficult at one point she planned to crash her car into a brick wall . in an interview with the telegraph on saturday the 57-year-old revealed how close she came to suicide one day after her divorce from first husband clive jones .
seven students , some of whom attend brigham young university in utah , were catfished by the same 24-year-old woman who was pretending to be a man . the victims all believed they were involved in a relationship with a mormon man living in the same state . and the women had a chance to confront the woman , named kayla , on an episode of dr phil that aired on friday .
the total cited in media reports about the secretive investigation , would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of nbc 's nightly news goes far deeper than previously reported . investigative journalists at the network have been poring over williams ' past reports and statements after he was booted from the top job in tv news , hunting down signs of dishonesty .
take that have come under fire after it emerged the pop stars have still not repaid the # 20million they owe the taxman , one year after they were ordered to do so . gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald were told to pay back the cash 11 months ago after the ` investment ' scheme they put millions into was ruled invalid .
australian historian dr jim penman has drawn parallels between modern-day britain and 100bc in rome . he has drawn a parallel between the roman empire in 100bc when julius caesar was ruler - and britan today . he said politics is becoming more about individuals rather than political parties .
a self-warming bottle that heats up in 60 seconds is among the latest gizmos designed to make new mums ' lives easier . while muslin squares and cotton wool have been go-to products for generations , gadgets on the market in 2015 include a machine that makes ` shushing ' sounds to ` break the cycle of crying ' .
the 38-year-old actor has confessed in an interview with the sunday times that not only is he too busy , but he 's not even interested in the chase any longer . he is about to experience something of a comeback with a role in the much-anticipated second series of true detective .
hani al-sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men . he lives in the same neighbourbood where emwazi was unmasked in february . security services are investigating his influence on the london boys terror cell of which enwaz was a part .
one of the stunning watercolours , showing the moment dorothy , toto , the tinman , the lion and the scarecrow meet the wizard of oz for the first time . other , imagining the emerald city , capital of the land of oz and home to the wizard , sold for # 10,000 .
two decades of litigation and a transformation in public attitudes . based on the court 's actions during the past two years , a . sense of inevitability is in the air : that a majority is on the . verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide . justice anthony kennedy has been marching in this direction with opinions dating . to 1996 .
the dragon king dinosaur skull is 9.2 ft -lrb- 2.8 metres -rrb- long . it is more than 95 per cent complete bone , is 9 % complete bone . the fossil was first discovered in 1992 when rancher ray novakovich in glendive , montana reportedly found the tip of one of the dinosaur 's horns .
rochelle holmes , 26 , ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week . she also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and was told she had gained so much weight she could die before the age of 25 due to her bad habits . by swapping takeaways for healthy alternatives and controlling the amounts she ate , she managed to slim down to a size 12 .
corinthian colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 ground campuses , displacing about 16,000 students less than two weeks after the us department of education announced it was fining the for-profit institution $ 30 million . in a statement sunday , the santa ana , california-based company said it was working with other schools to help students continue their education .
geoff haigh , 61 , from oldham , greater manchester , wanted to marry his long-term partner heather , 54 , after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer . but instead of having the magical day they had planned , the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly . guests were forced to listen to the song ` wonderful life ' 10 times in a row due to a blunder and their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on .
the arrival of an advanced group of modern humans in europe 40,000 years ago played a role in the demise of neanderthals . scientists took ct scans of teeth found at riparo bombrini in western ligurian alps and in the grotta di fumane in western lessini mountains . they have been able to conclusively show that a pair of ancient baby teeth discovered at two prehistoric sites in northern italy belong to modern humans .
j jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers netherton 's syndrome . his skin appears red and inflamed , and is often covered in dry skin . his mother valerie jackson has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out . while out shopping recently , mrs jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police .
judges rejected home secretary theresa may 's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal because of the risk of ` unacceptably savage ' abuse he faced in libya . he successfully argued he would be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal . it means he will continue his drink-fuelled offending spree in britain .
michelle obama 's office says the first lady chose what 's being called ` kailua blue ' to distinguish her family 's china from the red , green , blue and yellow used on more recent state services . pickard , america 's oldest fine china company , has been in business since 1893 .
japanese photographer uruma takezawa has made a living discovering and documenting communities in the most remote areas around the world . for his latest book , the japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents .
asda has created its ` luxury christening range ' just in time for the birth of the royal baby - and say its gowns and rompers allow mothers to buy a traditional christening outfit for a fraction of the price . 63 % of families are concerned about spiraling costs of a christening .
a reddit user decided to skip the pleasantries and pen an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter announcing their impending departure to bosses . the writer is believed to be america since the american spelling of ` apologize ' is used and the date is 4/24/15 which is the u.s. way of writing it .
the unidentified woman was allegedly kidnapped thursday in a parking lot in loveland , colorado , police there said in a news release . in the phone call , the dispatcher asked ' 911 , what 's the address of the emergency ? ' i do n't know . i 'm locked in a trunk , ' the woman said . at one point , the woman told the dispatcher ' i went to get some dinner ... and someone came up to me and he had a gun ' .
dr sanjay gupta , who is in kathmandu to cover the aftermath of saturday 's deadly earthquake , performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl , sandhya chalise , after a wall of her family 's home fell on her as she collected water outside . after the surgery , an eight-year old girl arrived at the hospital needing a similar operation , she is ` doing well ' .
the image , which has not been verified , was re-posted to twitter on sunday by an anti-isisis activist in syria with the warning : ` this child will be risk to you not just to us ' . the post says the newborn child is called ` om ' and its fathers name is ` abu ' .
susannah ross , 20 , told friends she was going trekking last week . but has not been heard from since friday and may be unable to contact loved ones . many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe . she worked as a waitress to save money for her trip to asia .
the horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in chongqing extends 87.5 ft from a cliff edge . allows visitors to feel as though they are walking on air with the valley floor 2,350 ft below their feet . with jaw-dropping panoramic views from its observation deck , it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world .
sophie wilson , 17 , performed cpr on bradley parkes after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in coventry . the 16-year-old was taken to birmingham children 's hospital in a coma but yesterday his mother tiffany , 35 , revealed he had made a ` miracle ' recovery .
labour leader 's plan to seize unused plots is well as impose rent controls . property analysts said move would take britain back to the ` dark days of the seventies ' . mr miliband wants to bring in ` use it or lose it ' powers allowing councils to encourage building by putting up taxes on undeveloped land .
the stark warning comes from general keith alexander , the retired four-star general and former chief of the national security agency . ` the greatest risk is a catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure . we are not prepared for that , ' he said . he made the remarks at a private dinner held by ihs ceraweek in texas last week .
john suchet has spoken openly about his wife 's diagnosis and the toll it took on their relationship , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the dementia uk charity . in an interview with the daily mail 's weekend magazine in september , suchet appeared to confirm he was in a new relationship with a woman called nula .
judith russell , whose daughter katherine married tamerlan tsarnaev , spoke at a court in the city today . the mother-in-law of one of the boston bombers has taken to the stand to tell how her daughter was converted to islam by her husband , as lawyers try to argue the other brother out of being put to death .
the emails were tendered as the daughter of mining magnate gina rinehart was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests . the federal court in sydney heard bianca rinahart , along with her brother john hancock , lodged a federal court to increase their stake in the family company , hancock prospecting . however , the emails showed mr hancock told his sister ` fat would have quickly grown tired of supporting your shopping and leisure activities '
lisa mcelroy , 50 , reportedly sent the explicit link to her drexel university students under the subject line ` great article on writing briefs ' on march 31 . she said she was ` mortified ' and ` in terrible shape ' when she found out what she had done , she wrote in a column for the washington post .
baywatch star jeremy jackson has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest with a knife . he identified his attacker as ` hobie ' from the hit show . jackson was taken into police custody on saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in west lake , la. .
the chief executive of europe 's largest budget airline made the vow in an interview with a french weekly newspaper . michael o'leary said it would be a $ 6 -lrb- # 4 -rrb- decrease from ryanair 's current average ticket price . he said most european airlines have an average ticket prices of $ 170 for a short flight .
bali nine member myuran sukumaran has requested to spend his last days painting for as long as possible . his final request comes as images from nusakambangan showed a haunting self portrait painted by the artist shot through the heart . his brother , chinthu sukumsaran , has pleaded with the indonesian president to call off the firing squad while sukimaran 's lawyer was pictured removing the morbid paintings from the death row inmate 's cell .
children living in pakistan 's slums often forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas . some facilities have been erected on the outskirts of islamabad and rawalpindi , with swing rides and street food markets . the collection of amusement parks offer some light relief from their problems .
john sims , who had burkitt 's lymphoma , died on saturday , with his new wife lindsey sims by his side . the pair married march 21 at the university of texas m.d. anderson cancer center , after john , who was to turn 31 tomorrow , was told his cancer was terminal . after the wedding they set off on a cross-country road trip last week , hoping to make it to visit john 's friend dave in oregon
nicholas pence , 25 , and his father david , 56 , were celebrating a victorious football game in their garage in new orleans , louisiana . moments after jovially waving goodbye to the last-remaining revelers , they were both shot dead at close range in an attack that shocked and baffled the quiet community of metairie . police believe it was a botched burglary .
princess leonore looked distinctly out of sorts during a visit to the vatican . but at just 14-months-old and on the verge of the terrible twos , the infant duchess of gotland would probably have preferred to be doing something else . cradled in the arms of her pregnant mother , princess madeleine , 32 , the little girl was instead whisked off to meet pope francis .
kazakh television showed a triumphant nazarbayev walking on a red carpet . the 74-year-old former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989 . international monitors have voiced their concern about poll saying there was not a genuine choice of other candidates with most of his vocal opponents either being jailed or fled abroad .
joyce cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in cardiff on september 28 , 1939 . the schoolgirl had been walking with her older brother dennis , who was seven at the time , but she disappeared when he lost sight of her . her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer . terry phillips , 71 , who is joyce 's cousin ,
the ocean-going tug mv hamal was intercepted by the frigate hms somerset and border force cutter valiant about 100 miles east of the aberdeenshire coast . the crew of the hamal , nine men aged between 26 and 63 , were detained for questioning by investigators from the national crime agency 's border policing command .
vladimir bukovsky , 72 , has lived in the uk since he fled the soviet union in the 1970s after he was accused of spreading anti-soviet propaganda . it came after he managed to smuggle to west 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the communist state . but now he has been summonsed to appear at cambridge magistrates early next month following an investigation by cambridgeshire police .
the us national ` speedcubing ' champion was at an official rubik 's cube event in doylestown , pennsylvania , when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record . meanwhile collin is focused on his cube , quickly spinning the rows of tiles round as the clock counts upward from zero .
kayla mooney , 24 , was arrested on march 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy 's girlfriend to school officials . mooney was placed on administrative leave in february and has not commented on the allegations , according to cbs new york .
celine bisette , who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career , says she is neither ` damaged ' nor ` deranged ' - that . in fact , she rather enjoys being a prostitute , and it 's only the social stigma surrounding her career choice that leaves her feeling unhappy . first , celine would like everyone to abandon whatever assumptions they 've made about prostitutes .
st patrick 's parish in stephensville , wisconsin has discontinued its original pig rassle tournament after 44 years of the tradition . global conservation group , an animal advocacy group , launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs . it garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event .
paul gilbert even joked that he hoped his ` off-piste ' comment would not ` find it 's way back ' to the labour leadership . he also blasted labour 's ` entirely unsatisfactory ' policy on tuition fees . mr miliband has faced repeated criticism and off-the-record briefing .
party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains , stopping off in hampshire . but senior party sources admit current total of 57 mps will be slashed to ` in the thirties ' . instead of battling to win seats across the country , the party has highly targeted strategy , effectively fighting 60 by-elections in constituencies .
matilda fitt was born nine weeks early in barry , south wales , weighing just 2lb 12oz . she was chosen to play to julie , who in the tv show died from putrid throat , because of her small size . now she has revealed how watching the scene brought tears to her eyes .
fewer than one in five massachusetts residents believe dzhokhar tsarnaev should be executed believing a quick death would be ` too easy an escape ' . tsarnaev , who killed three people and injured 260 others in the april , 2013 bombings , is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case .
patricia wilnecker , 81 , fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall in 1948 . she eventually moved nearby and wrote a book about it . but she has been told she is no longer welcome there by the owner roy stevenson . he accused her of deliberately hitting his son daniel , 36 , during a stand-off . miss wilnenecker has gone there every year but can no longer go after a run-in .
bonnie suchet was described by her husband as ` the love of my life ' . she died on april 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia . last night suchet , 71 , declined to comment , saying it was a ` private family matter ' . he has thanked those on twitter who offered their condolences .
david cameron was giving a campaign speech in south london on saturday . he joked that everyone should back his team but then named west ham instead of the west midlands giants . but mr cameron admitted he could n't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past west ham 's famous upton park ground in east london .
photographer jeffrey milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes , shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes . despite the name , the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters . the boxes , which record flight data and conversations between pilots , are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane 's crash .
elizabeth dawes , 39 , was told she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy . four days later , she was asked to attend an appointment with her consultant . she was so traumatised she needed anti-depressants and was forced to fight the cancer so when i was told i needed surgery , i did n't think twice . ' i feared the worst and began making plans for my child , ' she said .
brady olson , who teaches advanced placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived . he later told police he shot into the air because he did n't want to hurt anyone . a search warrant is being carried out at his home .
renee bergeron , 38 , photographs children with special needs as superheroes , dressing them up with capes , goggles , and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything . his mother knew that one day apollo might feel self-conscious about the tube , so she wanted to document him looking strong and proud .
study of 1,200 cardholders by creditcardfinder.com.au found that the biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women . 17 per cent will hide their credit card spending , versus 14 per cent of men . victorians had the most cunning credit card behaviour with 18 per cent admitting to a secret credit card versus the 9 % of queenslanders .
plane was minutes away from take-off at airport in hurghada , egypt . unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane . he was forced to return to its stand , where the man was removed by an armed officer . passengers were delayed for 40 minutes before the plane departed .
kim and khloe kardashian laid flowers at the dzidzernagapert armenian genocide monument 's eternal flame during their april 10 visit . the reality star said it was ` very disappointing ' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office .
charlotte briggs , seven , was told she can not attend lydgate junior school in sheffield even though she can see it from her bedroom window . her mother lynne , 49 , claims taking her daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job .
jo malone has joined 5,000 small business bosses praising tories . signatories said they ` would like to see david cameron and george osborne given the chance to finish what they have started ' . the new candle and fragrance business , called jo love , now employs 14 people she said .
the attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating subaru car . the race also saw a couch tied to a few tyres and being pulled along by a dingy . the voluntary rescue unit , hibiscus rescue and north shore rescue lent a hand to the fishermen as alcohol appeared to be involved .
mass cremations taking place next to bagmati river , the waterway which divides the nepalese capital . today , plumes of white smoke could be seen floating across kathmandu , as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river . around these ceremonies , families gathered , wailing in grief for their loved ones .
lord janner sent a ` thank you ' christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges . the officer said he was appalled by the labour peer 's note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into janner 's alleged sex abuse . the revelation comes amid fresh concerns about establishment cover-up .
jay z launched a stream of tweets defending his premium music streaming app tidal after the service , launched last month . his social media diatribe comes as reports claim that tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets such as spotify and apple .
at least 65 british climbers and holidaymakers feared missing yesterday as the death toll in the nepal earthquake reached 2,500 . on everest , survivors described running for their lives as a ` tsunami ' of snow and ice triggered by tremors descended on base camp . up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world 's highest peak .
sergeant edwin mee , 46 , accused of raping and molesting 11 young women . he swapped the battlefield for a ` dull ' job as an army recruiter ` raped young hopefuls because it made the job more exciting ' . mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets .
stars ray liotta , robert de niro , lorraine bracco and paul sorvino were all in attendance . director scorsese was filming in taiwan and joe pesci , who won an oscar for best supporting actor in 1991 for his turn as tommy devito , did n't show .
three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat , offal and bones . owners margaret and patrick evans say baylie is ' a different dog ' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet - the weight of four chihuahuas .
william shatner is planning to run a kickstarter campaign and is hoping to raise $ 30 billion -lrb- # 20 billion -rrb- to build a pipeline from seattle to bring water to the state . but the proposal has been declared ` highly illogical ' by some experts .
kristopher hicks , now 27 , was on his way home from a night out in bath . he had mistakenly believed mr hicks was planning to ` do a runner ' . but when he jumped from the vehicle he continued on for almost a mile . he suffered devastating brain injuries , developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care from his mother .
the stunning ashbrittle yew , in the churchyard of the parish 's church of st john the baptist , has a girth of 38ft and an enormous canopy . its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off - possible due to disease - and locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves .
from today , users can post , explore other people 's photos and interact with captions using just emoji . emoji are popular in the instagram community , with nearly half of instagram captions already featuring the small pictures . ` over the past few years , emoji have become part of a universal visual language , ' instagram said .
bruce jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on e! starting july 27 . there is no denying that bruce 's six biological children and four stepkids are ` proud ' of the father figure as some called him their ` hero ' on twitter shortly after the abc interview aired on friday .
australian band has told fans ` stop listening to us altogether ' if they disagree with its opinion on the imminent bali nine execution . they published a series of posts on its facebook page on saturday night and sunday morning , hours after it was announced andrew chan and myuran sukumaran would be executed this week .
border terrier miraculously survived a 250ft fall after chasing a spring lamb off the edge of a cliff . dog molly had been on a walk with owner jane tipper and her daughter hannah in eype , dorset , last week when she fell over the cliff 's edge along with the lamb .
mary cowan , 92 , generously ordered that a large slice of her estate should be given to george watson 's college in edinburgh . she passed away in november last year but her will revealed she asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at the school where famous faces such as olympic hero sir chris hoy and rugby legend gavin hastings were taught .
the presence of blue origin , llc , the brainchild of amazon founder jeff bezos , barely registers in van horn , texas , a way station along interstate 10 . the privileged who do get inside decline to describe what they 've seen , typically citing confidentiality agreements . bezos ' wealth is estimated at nearly $ 35 billion , musk 's at $ 12 billion .
lib dem leader says his ` premier league policies ' is a # 5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms . but mr clegg is still determined to form a coalition with either the conservatives or labour and vowed to set out which of the policies announced in his manifesto would be non-negotiable .
daniel williams , from toronto , filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee . the video , which is titled ` boring office job gopro commercial ' , has clearly struck a chord with people working in similar jobs around the globe . the 90-second video makes a change from the usual , dramatic content normally caught by such cameras .
aaron hernandez , 25 , was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of the semi-professional football player in 2013 . he sent him an assault rifle and a pair of handguns a month before odin lloyd 's killing . earlier this month , aaron her nandez was jailed for life without the prospect of parole .
nearly 1000 bags of the depressant drug kava were seized from a vehicle where four unrestrained children were sitting in the back seat . northern territory police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a woman following the drug bust in katherine , 320 kilometres southeast of darwin on sunday .
maitland local karen newton , a teacher and former professional musician , had just finished playing at the kurri dawn service . when she got to the water 's edge at testers hollow , ms newton plucked her cornet from the car and began playing the bugle call once again . as the sun rose over the water , she could be seen facing five stranded residents , who had come out to pay their respects to the fallen anzacs in their own unplanned service .
elena klimova , 26 , runs children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination . the activist fought back by publishing the messages on vkontakte , the russian equivalent of facebook , under the title : ` beautiful people and the things they say to me ' .
former u.s. secretary of state is sworn in as the 44th president of the united states in january 2017 . she will not only be the country 's first female president but also the second oldest , behind ronald reagan , ever to open the doors to the white house .
sophia breaks down the issue simply for youngsters by explaining the baby-making process in a very cute way . the short film was created by the next family , an organisation that supports diverse families . sophia hopes that it may allow other children from same-sex parent families to understand how to address some of life 's most difficult topics .
a sydney family have claimed the infant 's body in order to provide her with a fitting farewell . on november 30 , 2014 , two young boys were playing on maroubra beach when they uncovered the body of a baby girl buried under 30 centimetres of sand . filomena d'alessandro and bill green have said the baby 's remains , who they have named lily grace , have been trying to claim the baby after they heard police were going to give
jonathan keats , a san francisco writer and conceptual artist , has designed a ` millennium camera ' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus . he hopes the resulting photograph will chronicle climate change by taking a 1,000-year exposure of a western massachusetts mountain range .
south glasgow university hospital opened today with robots delivering linen . children 's cinema and helicopter landing pad proved snp commitment to nhs . but ukip said hospital had been funded with english taxpayers ' money ` shovelled ' . striking atrium reaches up entire height of building , which replaces four ageing hospitals .
vanessa kennard was suspended in her absence by the nursing and midwifery council . she was one of three nurses charged with mistreating grant clarke , 45 . the father-of-three suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in may 2012 . it left him paralysed on his left side , incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate .
vincent lamouroux has painted a derelict motel in la 's trendy silver lake neighborhood completely white . it instantly became a hit with passers-by who stopped to take photos . the seedy motel , which has been closed for years , was named the sunset pacific motel but got its nickname from its proximity to nearby bates avenue .
miranda ashley calvin , 19 , was arrested on sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a woman with her car and fleeing the scene . when police arrived at the scene at about 8.30 pm on saturday night , she was found dead . a white mercedes benz had been spotted fleeing scene and was later seen by a person who was listening to a police scanner .
scotland 's first minister said labour leader had allowed himself to be ` kicked around ' by the tories and called on him to ` be tougher ' and ` bolder ' . polls suggest no one party will have a majority after may 7 and support for the snp hitting a record high .
nikki , 26 , was previously married to singer-songwriter paul mcdonald . he wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by claire pettibone , while ian , 36 , donned a white suit and shirt . at one point ian carried his bride down a muddy slope so that her dress did n't get dirty .
hundreds of survivalists and so-called ` preppers ' descended on the salt lake city , utah , suburb of sandy on friday for the nation 's first ever preppercon . during the two-day expo , they learned new ways to store food , tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies . they were greeted by actors from the amc hit show ` the walking dead ' , including addy miller , who took pictures with fans and acted
brookga celebrates the physical over the spiritual , and strength over flexibility . experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel . broga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its ` rugged ' approach to traditional yoga workouts .
eva mozes kor , 81 , publicly embraced oskar groening in court last week . by doing so , she faced criticism from her co-plaintiffs in the case who suggested she should not have taken part in the trial in germany . she spoke of how josef mengele stood over her bed and laughed when she was injected with a ` deadly germ ' regret .
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon said labour leader would soon ` change his tune ' . miliband insisted he would not agree to a ` confidence and supply ' deal with snp . but he again refused to rule out relying on snp votes to pass key legislation . critics said that would mean weak labour government having to negotiate day .
mark lawson , 44 , was in the diamond tap public house in newbury , berkshire . he agreed that his co-worker simon myers could take chips from plate . but when mr myers started eating an onion ring , lawson was angered . when he ordered a burger , chips and onion rings , he was spared jail today .
jordan almgren , 18 , was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to brentwood 's john muir hospital . deputies put out an alert for schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home . the day before the stabbing , deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of schultz .
the russian vessel oleg naydenov was carrying 1,400 metric tons of viscous fuel oil when it caught fire in las palmas port on april 11 . it was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island three days later . greenpeace has criticised the spanish authorities for towing the trawler out to open sea .
the bright yellow advert for protein world has been put up in a number of london underground stations and features a model in a bikini with the question : ` are you beach body ready ? ' . but the campaign , which promotes the brand 's weight loss collection , has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners .
the dutch royals celebrated king willem-alexander 's birthday in dordrecht today . the visit kicked off with a pageant aboard a flotilla of boats on the local canal . koningsdag is a public holiday in the netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession either in the capital amsterdam or in one of the country 's major cities .
amy-beth ellice , 17 , started baking at the age of three and landed her first book deal with her recipe collection amy 's baking year at just 14 . her second , all about entertaining , is now firmly in the works but the teenager has her sights set even higher - with plans to launch her own baking products .
pritesh , 36 and mansi gandhi , 35 , started trying for a baby ten years ago . he repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition . mansi did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007 . khushi was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life .
daniel messel , 49 , was arrested hours later and has been charged in her death . circumstances of her disappearance are ` eerily similar ' to the case . spierer vanished after a night out at kilroy 's sports bar in bloomington with a group of friends nearly four years ago .
a melbourne based couple learnt this hard way after a crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion . within an hour , the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project launched by ecologists euan ritchie and jen martin had vanished . they still have n't been able to track down the would-be benefactor .
mark hawkins , 49 , was holed up in a vintage blue bus in salem , oregon . he allegedly barricaded himself in the vehicle after he was approached by police . seconds later , hawkins allegedly fired his weapon from the front of the vehicle . bullet struck a police dog named baco in the head , prompting gunfire .
chancellor claimed the ` one hour ' a week he had allowed himself off each week . vowed to maintain tax relief on big tv productions which have encouraged makers of poldark and other series to choose the uk . he said the tv show was a ` fantastic advert for britain and british talent ' .
researchers say 75 % of extreme hot weather and 18 % of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming . they warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher over the coming decades , humans will become responsible for 40 per cent of extreme rainfall events . scientists claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence .
images show how the wave of snow , ice and rock flattened the usually serene 18,000-foot-altitude base camp on saturday . the avalanche started on mount kumori just a few miles from everest , and gathered strength as it tore across the world 's highest peak . half an hour after the initial quake , another magnitude-6 .6 aftershock hit , followed by smaller aftershocks across the region . survivors have recalled how they felt themselves being dragged by the wind
labour leader will insist he offers a ` clear , credible and concrete plan ' . but hours before key election speech was due to be delivered , his own shadow home secretary refused at least four times to say labour would put a target on net immigration . under intense pressure , the foreign-born population rocketed by 3.6 million .
dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the dharahara tower in kathmandu to take selfies in front of the wreckage . they have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the historic nine-storey structure , which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust .
the cia was subjected to the same stringent rules as other agencies , argues the january drone strike that killed two hostages , one of them an american , could have been postponed or even prevented entirely . obama , seen here april 23 addressing the death of the two captives , reportedly has granted cia a waiver exempting the agency from providing proof of imminent threat to the us . without obama 's waiver , cia operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on
the tv presenter said her sister , debbie , had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck nepal on saturday . she said she had not yet reached everest base camp , where a deadly avalanche hit , because she was ill and had stopped off to recover .
cancer research uk runners paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running . paul lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory .
tyrone sevilla and his mother maria were sent back to the philippines after their visa expires today . the 10-year-old autistic boy has hand-delivered a poster to the immigration minister begging to stay in the country he has called home for the past eight years . the poster simply said : ` dear mr sutton , can i stay in australia please . tyrone ' .
wood green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and diy app . app handy to offer customers a cat fostering service . cats will not just catch mice but scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning . the north london-based charity say the presence of a cat and the scent it leaves behind will often be enough to scare away unwanted rodents .
researchers photographed the faces of 42 women with an average age of 24 . they then asked a group of men to rate the women 's voices on attractiveness . found women deemed most attractive tended to have ` lifted jawbones , less robust jaws and fuller lips ' . study could shed light on the visual and vocal appeal of radio broadcasters .
large swathes of north and central texas were hit with tornadoes and baseball-size hail sunday night . the storm started sunday evening in comanche county , texas and moved northeast towards the dallas/fort worth for the next several hours . more than five tornadoes were reported in the region , including a massive funnel cloud seen forming over stephenville , 70 miles southeast of forth worth .
prime minister john key said sorry to waitress amanda bailey , 26 , after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour . after the incident , reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of mr key touching other young girls ' hair and collecting them on a tumblr page . this comes after he was forced to apologise to a waitress for touching her hair while she was at work .
cassandra fortin has finished the treatment a court ruled that she must undergo at connecticut children 's medical center for hodgkin 's lymphoma , which she was diagnosed with in september . as she was discharged from the facility on monday , the teenager said she was ` happy ' to be heading back to her hartford home after five months undergoing chemotherapy to save her life .
lucy watson , 24 , models the ibiza-inspired summer brights and tropical print sun dresses in the shoot . femail recently caught up with the fitness aficionado and the man behind her new physique to find out the workout that keeps her in shape . has enlisted the help of a personal trainer to keep her looking trim .
more than two dozen babies are being airlifted out of nepal in the wake of saturday 's 7.8-magnitude earthquake , which has so far claimed more than 4,600 lives . several premature babies were ferried to an israeli military base on one of the country 's emergency rescue aircraft in the morning . the plane had previously delivered doctors to nepal to aid rescue efforts . later in the day , five more infants landed safely in tel aviv with their
dr xiao-ping zhai has been helping women conceive for decades . she 's invited bbc cameras inside the zhai clinic , which she opened in 1996 . she says she has used chinese medicine to help a thousand women become pregnant . says she is a doctor who first trained in western medicine .
isobel attwood , 16 , has not made contact with her family since leaving her home in winchester , hampshire , on saturday afternoon . police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white , 5ft 4ins tall , of a ` small build ' and has brown hair with extensions .
the olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on friday that ` to all intents and purposes i am a woman ' and said his third wife kris , like his previous two wives , knew about his desire to be female . on monday , close family friend kathie lee gifford said on nbc 's today that kris did n't know bruce 's secret and she 's still ` trying to get her act together ' when it comes to
the gel contains platelet-rich plasma -lrb- prp -rrb- - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing . it is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient 's arm and then processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components . blood is largely made up of a clear yellowish liquid , called plasma , but it also contains small , solid compounds - red cells , white
dawn , named dawn , was appearing on the jeremy kyle show . accused long-term chum jamie of making off with the cash . when one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed jamie had done the deed , she burst into tears and stormed off .
bruce jenner 's first wife has shared the emotional moment her ex-husband told her he wanted to be a woman and how she kept his secret for 43-years . chrystie , 63 , revealed she watched friday 's diane sawyer interview with the olympic athlete and their children .
ian pettigrew , 46 , from ontario , canada , was working on his book of portraits , just breathe : adults with cystic fibrosis . after someone noted that the collection of photos was ` turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with cf ' . he became inspired to start his second project , salty girls , starring women with the disorder , which damages the lungs and digestive system .
john goodwin , 75 , shot himself outside rockingham county superior courthouse . he was airlifted to a hospital , where he died from his injuries . jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they decided they could not reach a verdict in the 75-year-old 's case .
the keshwa chaca spans the apurimac river near huinchiri , peru . as they expanded their empire , the incas built an entire network of bridges to move armies , people and goods quickly and efficiently over the mountains . even though it would take another 300 years before suspension bridges came to europe .
the 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs after her blue vauxhall corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt of the asda store in hulme , manchester . she was waiting from an ambulance with her husband , who has dementia , when the thief sneaked into her car and stole the black garmin device from underneath the passenger seat . a member of the public took a photograph of the suspect as he left the scene and walked across
craig lister , 54 , is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer , which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body . hormone therapy is also given alongside radiotherapy to some men with localised prostate cancer to shrink the cancer . it ca n't cure the cancer , but can help keep it under control .
the 26-year-old arrived at the maple hayes school of dyslexia in staffordshire . she was greeted by flag-waving crowd outside the school for her . the engagement is the second in less than four days for the princess . the space commemorates a little girl named amelia saunders .
loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general . she said her confirmation as attorney general showed that ` we can do anything ' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country . vice president joe biden administered the oath of office to lynch at a justice department ceremony .
many had shared special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up . others seemed to think the day was more about how they looked than commemorating others . some people misspelt hashtags such as #leastweforget , #lessweforget""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
friends of deputy prime minister have indicated he will quit as leader if lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps . but he insisted he would fight for his job ` in all circumstances ' . he said : ` of course i want to continue to serve the country and serve my party ' .
the extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface . geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop , pivoting the underwater area into the air .
the same weather system that lashed the state 's east coast for three days last week could hit the region , with heavy rain possible from thursday . the state emergency service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs from the 24,196 requests still to be completed . residents who have been hit by wild weather across new south wales are being warned to brace for more floods and damage .
james staring , from fit to last , says he has four simple tips . from writing a food diary to doing short burst of tough exercise . avoid carbohydrates that are refined i.e. white bread and pasta as these enter your blood stream much faster . they are also absorbed very quickly , and cause an insulin spike followed by a dip in energy .
rose mcgrath was dismissed from st joseph middle school in battle creek , michigan , for not meeting academic and attendance standards . she 's been battling leukemia since 2012 and has missed several days of school because of the recovery process . when rose found out that she had been kicked out of the school , she tearfully said that she ` did n't do anything wrong ' .
new poll of the most fashionable brits puts david at number three . movie great audrey hepburn beat stiff competition from members of the royal family and the beckhams to be voted the most stylish brit of all time . visit site topshop mesh skater dress in dove grey at nordstrom .
poldark ended last night on a dramatic cliff-hanger with the main man hauled off to jail . fans have taken to twitter to complain of ` withdrawal symptoms ' . poldark will be replaced in schedules with sheridan smith drama , the c-word , and the sun has managed to rise in the sky .
christopher nathan may , 50 , is accused of killing tracey woodford , 47 . her body was discovered at a flat in pontypridd , south wales on friday . may is charged with a single charge of murder , and is accused . she was reported missing by her family and was remanded in custody .
tim ward and his wife of 38 years , brandy , were at home in oso , washington , on march 22 , 2014 when tons of debris , soil and rock came crashing down from upland . tim , who broke his pelvis , was buried under 25 feet of mud , but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface . just a week later , as tim started trying to rebuild his life , he was informed he did not have ` landslide insurance ' - and therefore did
the most uncomfortable is the nissan note mk1 with a score of just 80 per cent . hot on its wheels is the hyundai i20 mk1 , with 81.01 per cent and fiat panda mk2 at 81.49 % . toyota yaris mk2 - 83.93 % .
many smartphones on sale today - including apple 's iphones , samsung 's galaxy phones and lg phones - come with built-in fm chips . but nearly two thirds of smartphones do n't have the feature activated . now the radio industry , faced with the rise of digital radio , are calling for this to change .
andrew chan has married his girlfriend of three years , febyanti herewila . the pair wed inside the chapel at besi prison on nusakambangan island on monday . this comes just months after the bali nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at kerobokan prison in february .
ashley arenson said boyfriend dan fredinburg , 33 , had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted . the arkansas-native is one of four americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit nepal on saturday , causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp .
the real housewife was arrested following an emotional breakdown after a heated exchange with the matre d' at the swanky bar of the beverly hills hotel . in a downward-spiral , the 50-year-old recovering alcoholic admitted to dr phil mcgraw that she was drunk on the night of her arrest .
reality tv star said mr miliband ` definitely ' topped her list of political leaders in a game of ` snog , marry or avoid ' . comes after a group of female fans left westminster watchers baffled after taking to twitter in droves to reveal their love for the labour leader on twitter .
the st ivan rilski church is the only remaining evidence of the community of zapalnya , bulgaria . residents lived until they were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the communist regime . named after the patron saint of bulgarian , the crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the zhrebchevo reservoir , near the town of tvardica .
jennifer lopez 's upper-body is as impeccably toned . she avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours ' sleep a night . start on all fours with your hands on the floor , slightly wider apart than shoulder width . slide your knees back and raise your feet off the floor until you are in a position where you can bend the elbows to drop your chest and push back up .
palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ` platypus ' dinosaur . the animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to theropod group of dinosaurs . the presence of herbivorous theropods was up until now only known in close relatives of birds .
engineers at the dfki robotics centre describe the eossc2 as an ` ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities ' . the concept car can turn on the spot , shrink in size and even move sideways , like a crab , so it can park itself . crabs have a wide flat body to make it easier squeeze into narrow spaces .
an american sailor has suffered serious injuries after plunging into a swimming pool from a hotel 's balcony . emergency services were called to the parmelia hotel in perth at about 1am after a 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool . guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman , who were visiting the city from the us naval ship uss carl vinson . the pair were heavily intoxicated when an argument escalated
rhiannon wilkinson , head of wycombe abbey in buckinghamshire , reportedly said a ` boy free ' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex . she also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the ` highly sexualised world ' .
ukip leader said party is now the ` serious challenger ' to labour in northern seats . he called on conservative supporters to vote tactically to help ukip beat labour in its target seats . said traditional labour voters also want to send a message to ed miliband , ` you do n't represent us anymore ' .
1st class brett allen marihugh and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis of queens , new york , were found unresponsive on friday at the bottom of the combat swimming training facility at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story . lt. david lloyd says both sailors were members of naval special warfare group 2 .
the 68-year-old former leader suggested that obama 's plan to lift sanctions on iran was not plausible . he noted that the country 's government and president hassan rouhani appear to be caving in - and implied that america could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on tehran anytime soon .
the egyptian-themed mansion , advertised online as pharaoh 's palace , promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in tampa . millionaire gary lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $ 2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property .
isa richardson , 46 , made a 12-year-old hand over her last 15p of her pocket money . she was confronted by homeless isa who claimed she needed money . the schoolgirl , who has not been named , told police she felt intimidated . she admitted her latest offence when she appeared before magistrates .
the 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television . matt lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings .
john lord , 86 , went missing from his home on april 6 less than a week after his wife june , 81 , died from a ` catastrophic bleed ' to the brain . his family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her .
karen bell , 42 , from hull , met the man on the dating website plenty of fish . the pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out their fantasy . but after their meeting she contacted the man , who can not be named for legal reasons , and threatened to post the footage on facebook unless he paid her # 25 .
sky launched its buy and keep scheme for customers this time last year . it lets people stream movies straight to their tv , or to their mobiles using an app . films can also be watched across multiple devices using a ` follow me ' function . the firm has deals with the majority of major film distributors .
vladimir putin has camped out on the polish border after being banned from entering the country for a world war ii memorial ride . the group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen monday morning at the border crossing between brest , belarus , and terespol , poland .
pat senior , 66 , has shared her five-bedroom home in bolton , greater manchester . spends # 240 a week on food and treats for the dogs , with veterinary bills adding another # 17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets . the grandmother-of-four is nicknamed the ` fairy dogmother ' .
betheny coyne , from wigan , lancashire , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday . but she defied medical predictions and now , aged 24 , she is mother to three healthy children . this is despite being warned that each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart that she would die . fearing her heart is like a ` ticking time bomb ' she is determined to make as many memories as possible with
a senior writer for the australian financial review has labelled anzacs ` racist yobs ' . scott mcintyre was fired on sunday over his tweets which called anzac day ` the cultification of an imperialist invasion ' . the afr 's geoff winestock wrote on the social media site : ` ridiculous . frightening . i also think anzac day wish : in next 30 years there will be no wars and in 50 years no soldiers around to honour ' .
kieran murray , from brisbane in queensland , recently spent months travelling across the us . from a homeless man who was insistent upon telling his story about britney spears , to a man who insisted murray was saying ` get out of my nightgown ' . this is the latest in a series of videos murray put together one of which is based around the same topic .
officer pedro abad had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month . toxicology results show that an off-duty new jersey officer was drunk when he caused a wrong-way crash that killed another officer and a friend on a new york city highway .
temperatures breached the 25c -lrb- 77f -rrb- mark . conditions this week are set to be average for april , with showers and temperatures barely in double figures for most of the country . sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the pennines northwards .
news broke this weekend that the committee investigating the nbc star found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times . the leaked information , along a report that williams lied during an interview on the daily show with jon stewart , is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network .
tamale rocks was performing at chicago bar , cigars and stripes . she stumbled on the creepy looking glass and filmed a video of the discovery . bar owner ronnie lottz has no plans to get rid of it - even insisting that the mirror , which was set up as part of a halloween prank in 2001 , has brought his staff ` joy ' .
colin pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls . he strangled 15-year-old lynda mann to death after raping her in 1983 . the parole board is reviewing the case of a murderer who was the first man to be convicted on the basis of dna evidence .
mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago . his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital . they were so badly diseased that they could not be saved . it came after mr keenan 's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems .
prince harry will tonight fly out of the uk to australia without seeing his new niece or nephew . with the duchess of cambridge now overdue for the birth of her second child , the prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid may .
in 2011 the unmanned dawn spacecraft became humanity 's first ever emissary to the huge asteroid . using images collected by the spacecraft , nasa has unveiled an interactive tool . using the map you can see a huge amount of features on vesta , from craters to the amount of sunlight hitting the surface .
eben kaneshiro , 35 , was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12 . new breed jiu-jitsu , the portland , oregon , martial arts gym that kaneshy owned , is now closed .
officers in welshpool and llandrindod wells have been accused of being too lax when it comes to giving out parking tickets for infringements . investigation carried out by powys county council , who could not understand why the council was losing money on enforcing parking restrictions . officials also did not penalise tradesmen for parking in restricted areas .
the man in his 50s was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in dezhou city . he was thrown off his bike when he was hit by a car at a busy junction . villagers from shoma ying said his younger brother had been on the same junction last august when a collision with a lorry killed him instantly .
john burns , who hosts 3aw morning show ross and john with ross stevenson , is alleged to have referred to houli as a ` terrorist ' at a club function at the mcg on friday night . the radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against mr burns and said he does n't recall making the comment .
 tactics used to bend the rules were revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers after an appeal by the exams watchdog . one in five reported that colleagues had written sections of coursework , dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy . details of unethical techniques emerged at a teacher ethics in assessment symposium at oxford university .
the 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the uk , lucy and maria aylmer , who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones . co-host david ` kochie ' koch seemed taken aback by the comment , taking a confused glance in her direction .
sabine smouha , from her husband jeremy , was a 50th birthday gift for hampstead woman . but when it arrived in britain in 2013 , customs officers confiscated it because nile crocodiles are a protected species . now , the border force has repeatedly refused to return it to her .
archaeologists have uncovered a ritual burial of 2,000-year-old human skulls - sparking the theory they could be the remains of boudicca 's rebels . the latest discovery of cremated human bones packed neatly into a cooking pot and set off at the side of the historic river walbrook , in london , has experts questioning whether they were part of a gruesome ceremony . the estimated age of the human remains and the way they appear to have been disposed of has led to the
kevin love dislocated his left shoulder during the first quarter of the nba playoffs against the boston celtics on sunday . olynyk 's right arm became entangled with love 's left arm . love grabbed his arm and kept running toward the cleveland bench before going to the locker room .
naunihal singh , 54 , attacked son and daughter-in-law 's home in crumpsall . sikh optician accused father of ` firing blanks ' after row over lack of children . he then went into bedroom , grabbed ujjal 's jaw and slit his throat . he was jailed for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder .
one in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens . but the loss of bushes and hedges in back gardens is also thought to have played a role in the animal 's demise . conservation scientist mark eaton said the popularity of hard wooden or metal fences has made it hard for hedgehogs to move from place to place .
a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act . using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up . the trio are seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap .
the mark 1 version of reginald mitchell 's famous design was among the first built in march 1940 but spitfire p9374 never made it to the battle of britain . the aircraft , dubbed the ballerina because of its grace in the skies , was being piloted by flying officer peter cazenove over dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a german dornier bomber .
alton hines was waiting for his fianc , 33-year-old leah o'brien at her home on the night of saturday , april 25 , he told wsbtv . ' i had actually just finished putting on a blazer and a bow tie waiting for her to return , ' he said . the mother-of-two leaves behind two daughters , kori and rachel , 10 ; rachel is staying with relatives .
the national trust has replaced antique furniture with beanbags . furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library earlier this year . it was designed to encourage visitors to ` dwell and take in the atmosphere ' in the room . but it provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move ` misguided ' .
cody knecht , of st. tammany fire district in louisiana , was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain . in the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp and eventual safety .
steve ells , the company 's co-ceo and founder , discussed the new development with cnn money . ` it 's relatively easy for us to have all non-gmo ingredients , ' he said . ` like artificial colors , additives , preservatives . we 'd just rather not be a part of that ' .
selina dicker , 38 , from london , was at the same camp on april 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group . miss dicker had been trying to raise # 45,000 for operation smile , which provides surgery for children with the condition .
brenda finn , 30 , became depressed after her body hair and fingernails fell out . she was left with crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school . now , after her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on . she says having the procedure earlier would have made a huge difference to her life . but she says it could have saved her years of emotional pain .
the innovative spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date . it will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter . the red area is the supercluster called the shapley concentration , the largest collection of galaxies in the nearby universe . unexplored areas are marked in uniform medium blue .
the rapa nui people placed distinctive ` hats ' made of red stone . they believe the hats , or ` pukao ' , were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures which measure up to 40ft -lrb- 12 metres -rrb- tall . experts believe the rolling of the bulky stones would have been relatively easy .
lib dem stephen gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in cornwall . he joked that the dog had ` unresolved anger issues ' after posting a photograph online of his bloodied hand . he is defending a majority of just 1,312 in st austell and newquay .
ruth bader ginsburg has already made up her mind about gay marriage . the famously liberal justice will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states . she has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases .
madelyn yensen , 94 , of salt lake city , utah , died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30 pm . just after her mother died , carol bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news . ' i leaned over and whispered in his ear , `` mom has passed , and she 's waiting for you in heaven , ' she said .
elle , 51 , has revealed that she carries around a ph balance urine tester kit . says she believes most ailments come from having an alkaline body . says eating the right foods helps defend against sickness and disease . also released her own superfood product , the super elixir . says her body 's ph value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is .
condemned bali nine drug smuggler myuran sukumaran has pledged to stare down the indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight wednesday . the execution will likely take place in ` death valley ' - a clearing on nusakambagan . there , they will be given the option to be blindfolded .
jemma gawned , 40 , is the ` polar opposite ' of the person she was in her teens and early twenties . she now runs a wildly successful raw food empire . based in byron bay the naked treaties brand sells products out of its juice bar while supplying to hundreds of other stores .
sierra pippen 's 20-year-old daughter was arrested by police early on sunday after she walked into an iowa hotel and urinated on the lobby floor . police were called to the sheraton in iowa city around 1.30 am and the intoxicated sierra was booked .
david curry , 49 , was asked to leave wetherspoon pub in blyth , northumberland . he had travelled ten miles from home to visit the wallow for the first time . but when the family arrived mr curry was told he could not stay in the pub . he said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since 2013 .
j.m. giordano , who works at the city paper , says baltimore police ` swarmed over ' him and hit him repeatedly . a video posted to the newspaper 's website sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking him . the 41-year-old photographer says the incident happened around 12.30 am when someone threw a rock at a police line and hit an officer 's shield .
sir frank kitson is accused in the case of patrick eugene heenan , a catholic killed by loyalists in 1973 . it is the first time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over the troubles . he learned of the legal action in a letter from a belfast law firm at the weekend .
historian civilisations such as romans , greeks and egyptians have had to deal with rowdy , drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years . now one academic suggests modern authorities should take a lead from their forebears as they attempt to mitigate the impact of our boozy culture .
the waze app , which operates like a free gps navigation tool , allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles , accidents , congestion , traffic cameras , potholes and more . this image taken from the app on an iphone , in washington , shows police at the scene on a map on the app .
sharon smith , 43 , from halesowen , west midlands , was a bulky size 26 when she went on the business trip in december 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat . today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on sunday , when two years she would have struggled to walk half a mile , let alone run six .
the orchid -lrb- an example of which is pictured -rrb- has evolved a so-called lip - a large and irregular modified petal , to attract insects - but the driving force behind this unusual shape was not known , until now . the structure of orchids is unique among floral plants . they also have three sepals , which sometimes look like other petals .
poppy smart complained to police after accusing builders of sexual harassment . when she was wolf-whistled at by builders on her walk to work . but as the whistles and accompanying sexist comments turned into a daily ritual , the 23-year-old began to get upset . after a month of unwanted attention from the men on the building site , the marketing co-ordinator decided she 'd had enough -- and called the police .
 greystone park psychiatric center , in new jersey , was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients , but it eventually was home to more than 7,500 people . it has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray , now known for its crumbling walls , flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings . preservationists are still working to save the french renaissance-style building , and the years of history contained within its walls .
research by wildlife charity the wwf identified 11 ` deforestation fronts ' . 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur . by 2030 up to 170 million hectares -lrb- 420 million acres -rrb- of forest - equivalent to the combined size of germany , france , spain and portugal - could be lost in just 11 hotspots . areas are the amazon , the atlantic forest and gran chaco , and the cerrado in south
the 511 elephant tusks , worth $ 6million -lrb- # 4m -rrb- , bound for laos , were seized upon arrival on saturday at a major port in chonburi province in eastern thailand . the bust came after customs officials received a tip-off in laos and thailand and tracked the containers from kenya .
nicola bonn , 34 , from london , started a candid blog called upfront mama detailing the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl poppy , 14 months . she wanted to share all the things that she had learnt so that fellow mothers would n't feel as ` clueless ' as she did . one of her blog posts , why we need to stop justifying ourselves , went viral - no doubt thanks to her candid account of bringing up a baby for the first time . here , she shares
rifaat al-assad , 77 , was kicked out of syria ` with nothing ' 30 years ago . he went into exile in europe after staging a failed coup against his brother . he has since spent more than 30 years living a life of luxury moving between homes in paris , london and the southern spanish city of marbella .
tim albin , of the tulsa county sheriff 's office in oklahoma , quit his job monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer robert bates . bates , who was a volunteer deputy , shot dead eric harris , 44 , after he was tackled to the ground . video of the killing shows bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident , and apologizing .
james may , 52 , and top gear presenters had been on the brink of a lucrative new three-year contract when clarkson punched tymon in a rage over a hot meal . but the deal was still being finalised by ordering a rare # 200,000 ferrari 458 speciale in bright orange . the trio had planned to continue making the show until the end of the new contract before leaving ` with dignity ' .
the 41-year-old wore a pair of skyscraper heels to cheer on her son romeo , 12 , in the children 's marathon earlier today . accessorised her skinny jeans , leather jacket and ` team romano ' t-shirt . visit site . just when we thought we knew victoria beckham 's sense of style better than our own , she goes and surprises us .
stana katic and business consultant kris brkljac spotted at the 2012 elton john academy awards viewing party in la in february 2012 . soon after they said ' i do , ' the two shared a black-and-white image of their wedding rings . the actress grew up in canada .
ellen gallant , a cardiologist from utah , was attempting to climb the world 's tallest mountain when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck . four us citizens who were on mount everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and sherpas . there are believed to be up to 100 americans still missing following the disaster .
mp passed a dossier of information to the department in hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation . but instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to leicestershire police . revelation will heighten fears that the peer , now 86 , was the beneficiary of an establishment cover-up .
joshua saunders , 19 , was arrested on charges including dui , reckless driving , leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide . authorities said martin was pronounced dead at northeast georgia medical center . the two-year-old landen martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a gainesville , georgian home on sunday .
the countdown for andrew chan and myuran sukumaran 's impending execution has begun , many are still holding out a glimmer of hope . over 300 people gathered at sydney harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading ' #keephopealive ' on monday night . brisbane , melbourne and perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo .
yves van de ven , 37 , posted a photo online of him ` missing ' the top of the eiffel tower . he asked users to help improve his photo on a recent trip to paris . since then over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up comically connecting his finger with the tip of the famous attraction .
galveston professor irwin horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them because of the bad behavior he had seen during the semester . in a letter he sent a similar one to administrators , he said : ` none of you , in my opinion , given the behavior in this class , deserve to pass , or graduate to become an aggie , as you do not in any way embody the honor that the university holds graduates should have within their
christianne shepherd , seven , and her brother robert , six , were overcome by carbon monoxide that leaked from a faulty boiler as a ` happy and relaxed ' family holiday in corfu ended in ` appalling tragedy ' . their father neil shepherd , who is mrs wood 's ex-husband , and his partner ruth beatson fell into a coma and were close to death when they were found the next morning by a maid .
a man has forked out nearly $ 4000 for a written message in the sky . brisbane locals were scratching their heads after the mysterious message ` i 'm sorry ' followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses . the aerial apology hovered above the cbd at about 1pm .
virginia trimble ritter 's daughter , marcia , was raped and choked to death by jerome sydney barrett in 1975 . marcia 's body was found 33 days after she disappeared and her then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos . charlie , who died in 1989 , wanted their last memory to be of her running in and out of the house , ` the real marcia . ' .
derek murray found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead acura back to life . now that murray 's life-affirming tale has gone viral , he says : ` it just shows you how such a pure act of kindness from one person can just spread through everyone and help make everyone 's day a little brighter ' .
` insta-fame ' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs . while being beautiful , fit and healthy is expected , it 's all about a demand for the ` influencer ' now . general manager of vivien 's models catherine mcgill said they launched an ` influencers ' section two months ago because of the growing need to accommodate client demand for social media numbers .
a harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time . scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live . shown is a taste bud with receptor cells -lrb- green -rrb- , blood cells , and collagen surrounding the bud and collagen . they used a specially designed microscope system to image single cells on the tongue of a mouse . shining a bright infrared laser on the mouse 's tongue caused different parts of it
nicola sturgeon said she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament . she vowed to use the influence of dozens of mps to get her way for the next five years without voting down the government . she said mr miliband will ` have to reflect how people have voted ' .
lu xincai , who lives in zhejiang province in eastern china , says that he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home by herself because she suffers from the degenerative disease . when mr lu 's father passed away earlier this year , he decided to take his mother with him to work because there was no one else who could look after her .
marie teresa ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges . she worked at the scandal-hit furness general hospital in cumbria between february 2004 and september 2013 . ms ratcliffe said she is no longer a midwife and has no intentions of returning to the profession .
michael churton from new york was with four colleagues at the base camp , 17,500 ft up , when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow . the 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf , which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with .
taya kyle told abc 's robin roberts she gathered her son , colton and daughter , mckenna and prepared to tell them . ' i remembered just closing my eyes , the tears rolling down and me just trying to breathe , ' she said . she will catch up with the widow of chris kyle , whose story is portrayed in the blockbuster movie , american sniper .
keri davies said keeping a bed in the studio is essential for realistic sex scenes . veteran scriptwriter for the radio 4 drama said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing . speaking during an afternoon tea with the archers event at the weekend , he said : ` sex is even harder , as it were ' .
leo greene , 39 , of salt lake city has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway . the events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging . greene then jumped out of the car and ran to a shed before he was forced to the ground and arrested .
ronald jebson , who was responsible for the ` babes in the woods ' murders in 1970 , died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago . he was first jailed in the 1970s , after serving a life sentence for the murders . his final wish was for his death to be secret and victims ' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died .
jef rouner wrote in the houston press that his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her ` full-length ' dress were ` against the rules ' . ` we still live in a country where someone can decide the shoulders of , and i ca n't stress this enough , a five-year-old girl are so distracting that they must be sent away and decently hidden , ' he said .
andrew silicani , 23 , of cheyenne , wyoming , pleaded guilty on monday to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders . he faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer . defense lawyer james barrett rejected a plea offer from federal prosecutors that would have capped his prison time at 35 years .
the driver and vehicle licensing agency is scrapping the paper counterpart . information about penalty points for traffic violations such as speeding will be held only on the dvla 's database . motoring groups fear the switch to a fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms which want to check a motorist 's details .
guo kai and girlfriend dong hui , who turned 22 on monday , had been planning to get married this month in sichuan in southwest china . but dong was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer and admitted to hospital , meaning a formal ceremony had to be postponed . instead , family and friends helped dong put on a beautiful wedding dress so that a team of professional photographers could take pictures for the besotted couple .
u.s. secretary of state john kerry and iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif met monday for the first time since world powers and iran sealed a framework agreement on april 2 . they now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of june 30 to sign a comprehensive accord , which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief . the obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with
mark lowe , 32 , is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother wayne to death , after wayne , then 33 , attacked him in his bed with a knife . mark 's wife sarah is now looking after three young children alone . mark appeared before liverpool crown court earlier this year .
tony toutouni has amassed a huge following on the photo-sharing website . the 42-year-old entrepreneur is usually seen next to stacks of cash and bikini-clad models . his outrageous posts , which have seen him amass 750,000 followers in eight months , are threatening to steal him the king of instagram crown .
chandni nigam , 19 , spent six years battling demons which spawned from obsession to do well at school , an inquest into her death was told . miss nigam would stay up late studying , resulting in sleep deprivation and negative impact on her performance at school . coroner peter bedford heard the teenager , who had been a volunteer at the london olympics in 2012 , was also worried about her appearance . tragically , she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had
stream music service spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 . staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists - which usually contain hits from their youth - in favour of today 's chart toppers from the likes of rihanna and sam smith .
miriam gonzlez durntez is known for her bold choices and this exotic look was no exception . the lawyer , wife of the deputy prime minister and mother of three boys , wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight . despite the spring blossoms across the country , this was one of fake flowers .
former adelaide doctor tareq kamleh is still allowed to practice medicine in australia despite appearing in a propaganda video encouraging foreign medics to join the terrorist cult . the medical board has refused to deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a ` fit and proper person ' .
the 150th anniversary of the end of the american civil war took about 5,000 miles -lrb- 8,000 kilometers -rrb- south of the south . thousands turn out every year , including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who enticed by the brazilian government 's offers of land grants .
lynn , from chippenham , had to stop taking medication that enables her to move without pain as she suffers from a painful and crippling condition callled hip displasia . she also has scoliosis -lrb- curvature of the spine -rrb- . due to her disabilities , lynn has to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about .
sean jefferson , 45 , and elizabeth jowitt , 37 , covered their home in york with wreaths , lanterns , memorial slates and homemade toys . some of the touching items were from the graves of babies . others from the gravestone of a grandmother who fought a courageous battle against cancer .
royal baby gaga ice cream is made with donated breast milk in a vanilla ice cream aimed at adults . the 30-year-old mother from leeds has collaborated with london-based ice-creamery the licktators to launch the dessert in celebration of the forthcoming birth of the royal baby .
joshua sweet , 20 , from birmingham , broke into the victim 's home and sexually assaulted her as she lay in bed . victim support charity worker said ` victims deserve justice ' . judge mary stacey admitted the victim had been ` scarred psychologically ' . but he freed sweet after serving just two months on remand .
ian rogers , 36 , became hooked on all things paranormal as a child . since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection . he 's on the hunt for more to add . ian 's favourite doll is annabel , who he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who drowned .
german foreign ministry cables sent two days before crash . malaysia airlines flight mh17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern ukraine . german intelligence had repeatedly warned of the risk to aviation security . earlier this month , dutch government lost 189 citizens in the disaster .
dan fredinburg was one of four americans killed when a massive earthquake struck nepal on saturday , causing a wall of ice and rock to engulf the base camp . the 33-year-old , who was with three colleagues and had been navigating the area for google maps , was given the letters by his girlfriend ashley arenson just before he left . it is n't known whether he got a chance to read them .
in march , nasa was able to capture this remarkable event from space during a process that was months in the making . the monster iceberg , larger than manhattan , was spotted breaking away from west antarctica 's getz ice shelf by the u.s. national ice center -lrb- nic -rrb- .
kim davies bought the elizabethan manor in rural wales where cecil frances alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful . but he then made dozens of illegal alterations , including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles , crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling . he has now admitted breaking planning laws .
labour plans to scrap stamp duty for first-time buyers , curbing rent rises . but he also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on . move to clampdown on landbanking has proven unpopular . mr miliband said he would introduce rent controls if it won election .
patriots coach bill belichick was caught ogling model chrissy teigen 's posterior over the weekend , but his girlfriend is already prepared to forgive . holliday , who 's dated belichick since 2006 , wrote on instragram along with the controversial shot from saturday 's white house correspondents ' dinner .
the woman , a single mother who reportedly works at the philadelphia international airport , is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child . firefighters rescued the woman 's three daughters and a son , ages 9 to 13 , at around 1.30 pm sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911 .
queen letizia , along with her husband king felipe , met with the relatives of some of the victims of the germanwings plane crash . the flight was en-route from barcelona to dusseldorf , had 144 passengers and six crew members on board , including 50 spaniards .
royals are again choosing private medical care for the upcoming birth of their second child . and prince william and his wife kate 's decision to use st mary 's hospital in paddington , central london , over public care offered by the nhs was yesterday backed by the prime minister . asked if the royal couple 's choice was disappointing , david cameron said he supports peoples ' right to choose treatment options .
clay aiken , the loser in a november contest to represent the second district of north carolina in congress , uncorked some show-biz venom monday on the election 's winner , rep. renee ellmers . ` she 's a b ** ch ! ' aiken told siriusxm radio host howard stern , discussing his esquire network documetary program that chronicles his failed bid for a seat in the house of representatives . the show is called
thousands of commuters left stranded at waterloo station this afternoon . frustrated passengers packed concourse this afternoon as services in and out of city centre were delayed or cancelled . chaos ensued after network rail was forced to close a section of the tracks between wimbledon and surbiton when a person was struck by a train .
fannie randle , who has worked at the usc sorority gamma phi beta for 24 years , was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape . the housekeeper threw herself to the ground before bringing her arms back up again . miss jewell and her sisters thanked ms randle for all of her hard work over the years by surprising her with a check for $ 21,000 over dinner .
dana vulin was set alight at her perth home in february 2012 . the 29-year-old suffered horrific third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body and countless operations to reconstruct her scorched face , arms and torso . her lawyers for natalie dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe .
the $ 39.99 nanoheat wireless heated mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery , nanoheater and heat sleeve . it can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68 c and 71 c -lrb- 155 and 160 f -rrb- for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to drink it all . goldilocks principle is a scientific term for when the state of something falls within certain margins , based on the children 's story the three
the australian-born royal cut solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial in copenhagen . the 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble for the event , wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery . the crown princess ' mother henrietta donaldson died in 1997 from a heart condition .
experts predict the economy will have grown by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , down from 0.9 per cent in the same period in 2014 . the tories have stepped up their warnings about the risk to the economy , warning britain is ` staring down the barrel ' of higher taxes and regulations for businesses if labour wins the election .
australian men are expected to be led from their isolated cells in batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track to a place called nirbaya . the final chilling steps to execution was aired on indonesian tv the day before five foreign drug traffickers were killed in january . the condemned pair will be given white clothing to wear , which symbolises the afterlife , before beginning their fatal trek .
currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone . the net result is that millions of people dialling what should be free services run by the nhs , the government and company call centres end up paying hefty charges . the charges will end from july 1 under proposals published by the telecoms watchdog , ofcom , today .
greg hardy , 25 , was suspended from 10 nfl games last month . he was forced to abandon his bentley , leaving it stranded until the waters receded . it took the tow truck several hours to successfully remove the car and hardy was later seen returning to the vehicle to collect some of his possessions .
the 99.7 per cent accurate biingu hiv self test enables people to test themselves when and where they like . the testing kit , on sale online , uses a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample to detect the presence of hiv antibodies , giving a result in just 15 minutes . treatments available mean hiv is now a manageable disease -- but late diagnosis can have a devastating impact on health and life expectancy .
cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and attempted to scare it out of its shell . but the reptile kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior forcing the big cats to wander off in search of another snack . the scene was captured by chemical engineer john mullineux , a chemical engineer from secunda , south africa .
angus hawley 's brother has spoken of his shock after his brother , the ex-husband of antonia kidman , died of a suspected heart attack , age 46 , in new york on saturday . speaking to daily mail australia on monday , david hawley said : ` it 's a real shock , he was one of the fittest men i 've ever met -- he 's swimming everyday ' .
apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the quarter , accounting for more than two-thirds of its $ 58 billion in revenue for the quarter . the lion 's share of $ 13.6 billion in profit - up 40 % from a year ago . ipad revenue fell 29 % to $ 5.4 billion .
